FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

February
21, 2020 Friday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 7248 words

Corporate Participants

* Barbara D. Lockwood

Arizona Public Service Company - SVP of Public Policy

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP, Chief
Administrative Officer & Treasurer

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

Conference Call Participants

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* David Christian Peters

Wolfe Research, LLC - Research Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD and Head of Power & Utilities Research

* Insoo Kim

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation 2019 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call.
(Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie
Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter
and full year 2019 earnings, recent developments and operating performance.

Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff
Guldner; and our Chief Administrative Officer, Jim Hatfield; Ted Geisler, CFO;
Daniel Froetscher, APS' President and COO, and Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice
President, Public Policy are also here with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along
with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations,
and actual results may differ materially from expectations. Our 2019 Form 10-K
was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking
statements, cautionary language as well as the risk factors and MD&A
sections which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
February 28. I will now turn the call over to Jeff.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. Before I review our 2019 achievements and provide operating and
regulatory updates, I want to look forward to the future and share more
information about our focus areas and priorities.

Our strategy is anchored by 4 concepts that align with
industry trends and shape the way we do business. Those concepts can most
simply be stated as clean, affordable, reliable and customer-focused. Let me
talk briefly about each one. Clean is about decarbonizing our generation mix
with our new goal to deliver 100% clean carbon-free energy by 2050. Affordable
is planning and operating our business to maintain reasonable electricity
prices for the people, businesses and communities we serve. Reliable means
serving our customers with dependable power safely and efficiently, and customer
focus is about developing new solutions, products and services to meet the
changing needs and expectations of our customers.

With these in mind, we created a long-term plan and targets
to track our progress along the way. First, we recently announced our goal to
deliver 100% clean carbon-free electricity to customers by 2050. This goal
includes a near-term target of 65% clean energy with 45% coming from renewables
by 2030 and a commitment to exit coal by 2031.

Importantly, our plan includes flexibility to ensure that
we're able to execute in a way that maintains affordability for customers. As
Jim will discuss, we expect this plan will require considerable capital
investment. We believe that carbon-free future is possible while keeping
customer rates over time at or below the rate of inflation with timely recovery
of clean energy investments.

To support the affordability of our transition to a
carbon-free resource mix, we will have a sharp focus on economic development in
Arizona. Growing our customer base allocates costs across more customers, which
helps keep rates affordable and increases shareholder value by growing our
company. Supporting an internal culture focused on reducing costs and
maintaining a financially strong company to access low-cost capital are also
key in delivering 100% clean energy future affordably.

In the area of reliability, we believe putting the
responsibility on the utility to maintain high-performing, well-run resources
is important. In pursuit of our clean energy plan, we will acquire resources
that appropriately balance reliability, cost and flexibility for our customers.
This includes both owning new resources and considering supplemental generation
from purchase power as appropriate.

Our fourth concept reinforces that customers are at the core
of what we do every day. We're committed to providing options that make it
easier to do business with us. We plan to continue developing innovative
programs that connect customers with advanced technologies to help manage their
bill. In addition, we'll be convening an advisory panel of customers to gain a
deeper understanding of the customer experience through individual
perspectives, so a little design basis thinking. As we work to execute in all
these strategic areas, we'll focus on strengthening our relationships with
stakeholders.

Going forward, we plan to continue working collaboratively
with those who have a vested interest in Arizona's future and our company's
role as the state's largest electricity provider. For our regulators, we are
committed to maintaining an open dialogue, listening and ensuring transparency.
We have a lot of important work ahead of us, and we'll be sharing information
about our progress as we advance through the year. And while I'm excited about
our future opportunities, I also want to recognize our team and the hard work
completed last year. We finished 2019 with our best ever reliability
performance, if you exclude outages from voluntary proactive fire mitigation
efforts, and Palo Verde once again achieved a capacity factor above 90%.

Our goal to reach 100% clean carbon-free energy by 2050 is
new, but our efforts to move towards a cleaner energy mix are not. In 2019, we
maintained our environmental, social and governance A rating from MSCI, and we
were ranked in the electric utility sector's top quartile by Sustainalytics.

Notably, APS was 1 of 10 American companies and the only
U.S. utility to make CDP's A list for both climate change and water security in
2019. And we accomplished all this while reducing the average residential bill
by 7.8% or $11.68 on average since January of 2018 due primarily to savings
from federal tax reform and operating cost savings that have been passed on to
customers.

2019 was also a busy year for our state regulatory team,
some of the work that we began in 2019 will continue this year. Key dockets for
2020 include our rate case, retail choice, disconnection rules and
modifications to the commission's energy rules. A number of workshops have
already been scheduled to discuss these topics, and you can find a list of key
dates in the appendix to our slides.

The next milestone in our rate case proceeding is May 20,
the date the commission staff and other interveners filed testimony. However, I
would note that commission staff has indicated that they may need an extension
to watch that proceeding. Outside of our regulated operations, our Bright
Canyon subsidiary acquired minority equity stakes in 2 wind farms being
developed by Tenaska, the 242-megawatt Clear Creek wind farm in Missouri and
the 250-megawatt Nobles 2 wind farm in Minnesota. We expect these wind farms to
be operational in Q1 and Q4 of this year, respectively. Our objective with
these investments is to gain experience in the construction, ownership and
operation of wind assets and to partner with a proven developer in Tenaska.

Our overall strategy with Bright Canyon is to develop, own,
operate and acquire infrastructure within the electric energy industry.
Investments in renewables, electric transmission and microgrids represent some
of the opportunities that Bright Canyon has been evaluating. And I want to
emphasize that these are close adjacencies. We will continue to pursue
attractive growth opportunities consistent with our core strengths. We have
ambitious goals and a talented team to achieve them. At the officer level, I
recently made changes to our organizational structure that better aligns our
experience and talent to our strategic focus areas and to strengthen our
succession pipeline.

I'm excited about our future, all the possibilities and the
team I have the privilege of working with. Before I turn it over to Jim for a
financial discussion, I want to do 3 quick shout outs: First, to the team at
Palo Verde for their work on a short notice outage at Unit 3 and getting the
necessary work done safely and the unit back online ahead of schedule; and
second, to our T&D engineering and construction team for their outstanding
work on the new substations associated with the Microsoft data center
build-out; and third, to the Arizona State Sun Devils for their win last night
over #14 Oregon. So Jim, go ahead and take away.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP, CHIEF ADMINISTRATIVE
OFFICER & TREASURER, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Jeff,
and thank you again, everyone, for joining us today. This morning, we reported
our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. Before I
review the details of our 2019 results, let me briefly touch on some of the key
factors from the quarter, which can be found on Slide 3.

For the fourth quarter of 2019, we earned $0.57 per share
compared to $0.23 per share in the fourth quarter of 2018. Our results were
largely impacted by a onetime tax refund to customers related to the TEAM 3
refund and lower adjusted O&M expenses. We also experienced another quarter
of mild weather.

For the full year 2019, we earned $4.77 per share compared
to $4.54 per share in 2018. 2019 earnings reflect our growing infrastructure to
support the strong Phoenix economy and 2% customer growth. Other key items for
2019 was negative weather, which decreased gross margin by $37 million or $0.25
per share. The negative impact was more than offset by lower O&M.
Year-over-year, lower adjusted O&M expense increased earnings $0.52 per
share primarily driven by lower planned outage expenses and lower public
outreach costs at the parent level.

As I mentioned last quarter, we are committed to enhancing
our customer and shareholder value through cost management. The implementation
of Lean Sigma will be the mechanism that allows us to improve the customer and
employee experience while eliminating waste. As a result of our cost management
efforts, we made great strides in reducing O&M in 2019, allowing us to
reach the low end of our original guidance range despite the mildest Metro
Phoenix cooling season in 10 years. We expect to continue our cost savings
efforts by reducing O&M approximately $20 million in 2020. As Jeff
mentioned in his comments, we are on a path to deliver 100% clean, carbon-free
electricity. Part of that plan includes ending our use of the coal-fired
generation, 7 years earlier than previously projected. As a result, the
reduction in fuel costs as we use less fossil fuels and more renewables will be
a source of cost savings to our customers in the future.

Our journey to a carbon-free future will require intelligent
investments in renewable resources and developing technologies. As you can see
on Slide 14, we rolled forward our CapEx forecast for 1 year. Our 2022 CapEx
forecast reflects nearly $800 million of investment related to new clean
generation resources and reflects our conservative mix of owned resources.
While we don't know the exact mix of ownership versus purchase power at this
point, we will need an appropriate mix to ensure long-term value and reliability
for customers.

That said, we believe there is potential upside to our
capital investments, especially as we get past 2022. As Jeff alluded to,
customer affordability will be top of mind. We would expect customer rates to
increase no more than the rate of inflation over time. In terms of financing
our clean energy future, we would expect that we will issue equity sometime
after 2020. While the exact amount has not yet been determined, we would expect
the amount to be in the $300 million to $400 million range. The timing of the
offering around the next rate case minimizes dilution and is ultimately
accretive for our shareholders. Our financial health, including a solid equity
layer, will continue to provide our customers the benefits of low-cost access
to capital and competitive returns to our shareholders.

In 2020, we expect to issue up to $1 billion of term debt at
APS and $450 million at Pinnacle West. Overall liquidity remains strong. In the
fourth quarter APS issued $300 million of new 30-year unsecured debt at 3.5%.
We use the proceeds to repay commercial paper and to fund $100 million of our
$250 million par value 2.2 notes, which matured in mid-January.

At the end of the fourth quarter, Pinnacle West had $115
million of short-term debt outstanding and APS had no short-term debt
outstanding. Due to the tax benefits associated with both the TEAM Phase 2 and
Phase 3 and optimized use of income tax incentives, our effective tax rate for
2019 was a negative $2.9 million. We anticipate an effective tax rate in 2020
of 14%. Continued use of income tax incentives, including tax credits
associated with clean generation investments will reduce cash taxes in the year
projects -- our projects are placed in service. A quick note on pension. The
funded status of our pension remains healthy at 97% as of year-end 2019. This
is due to strong portfolio returns during 2019, continued contributions and the
continued success of our liability-driven investment strategy, which has helped
mitigate risk to our benefit plan funded status.

2019 was a great year for economic development in our
service territory. We saw high-profile data centers and manufacturing plants
break ground in the West Valley. We successfully connected 2 new data centers
to our power grid, including the Microsoft data center and began prep work to
add an additional 6 data center feeds in 2020.

In addition to growth in the commercial sector, Arizona is
benefiting from residential population growth. According to a December 2019
report for the U.S. Census Bureau, Arizona ranked third in population growth
behind Texas and Florida. Arizona population grew by approximately 120,000
people between July 2018 and July 2019. Reflecting the steady improvement in
economic conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 2.2% in the fourth quarter
of 2019. We expect that this growth rate will continue in response to the
economic trends in our service territory.

The Metro Phoenix area continues to show strong job growth
and has consistently been above the national average. In 2019, employment in
Metro Phoenix increased 2.9% compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. Construction
employment in Metro Phoenix increased by 9.6% and manufacturing employment
increased by 5.2%.

According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Arizona's job
growth ranked second in the nation in 2019. The Metro Phoenix residential real
estate market has also continued its upward trend. In 2020, we expect a total
of 31,100 housing permits driven by both single-family and multifamily permits.
We continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated earnings for 2020 to be in
the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. A complete list of key factors and
assumptions underlying our 2020 guidance can be found on Slide 6 and 7.

In closing, our long-term rate base growth outlook remains
intact at 6% to 7%, and we expect to achieve a weather-normalized annual
consolidated earned return on average common equity of more than 9.5% in 2020.
The new year is off to a great start with the announcement of our bold clean
energy plan, coupled with organic growth in our service territory.

We are excited to embark on a path that will help create a
healthy and prosperous Arizona that benefits our customers, communities and
shareholders. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back
over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Could you talk about the -- you mentioned that
there would be potentially some upside after 2022 in the capital plan as a
result of your carbon reduction and greenhouse gas goals, trying to achieve
that going forward. Is there any way maybe we could kind of frame that up and
talk about some more of the specific opportunities you see ahead, particularly
maybe in battery storage or in generation?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, on average, between now and to hit
the interim target at 2030, we're going to need at least 300 megawatts of
battery storage and 300 to 500 megawatts of other resources to meet that goal.
And so ultimately, you have some competing plans out there, all toward green
and clean, but at different dates, and we'll have to see exactly how it plays
out. But we're being very conservative in how we think about our CapEx budgets
at this point.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Got you. And I think maybe I missed this,
but did you talk about equity needs going forward? I know it's a little bit
early considering the rate case is still pending and everything, but can you
talk about maybe a normalized equity need going forward? And how that might
change depending on the outcome of the case?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Well, so we don't expect to issue equity
in 2020, Michael. We expect the next offering we have will be in the $300
million to $400 million range. It'll be teed up closer to the next rate filing.
But a lot of that will be what it shakes out ultimately in the capital
expenditures as we move forward, PPA versus owned.

OPERATOR: Does that complete your question?

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: No. Is that block equity or ATM-type
equity?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. No, we haven't decided the how yet
at this point. So we'll have to -- details to follow on that as we get closer.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Greg
Gordon with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD AND HEAD OF POWER &
UTILITIES RESEARCH, EVERCORE ISI INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Couple questions. So other than the rider that you have for APS solar
communities, which I believe is for rooftop, which we should be assuming that
to move this capital through into rates that I think you've already said this
pretty exclusively, you will need to file a another rate case post the one
that's going to be closing this year to -- or you'll be in sort of serial
filing mode to get these investments into revenues? Is that fair?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: It may depend a little bit, Greg, on
kind of how this case moves forward. We've got an RES adjustment mechanism.
There's some potential for that to come into play. I think what you'd see is if
you move with a more traditional rate basing process, then yes, you would be
looking at rate cases that would be filed periodically to reflect the changing
capital. But one of the things I think we'd like to have a conversation with
the commission about is are there either mechanisms we have today or other ways
that we can look at doing that so that we're not in serial rate making mode.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Understood. And then when I look at
the 2022 rate base target or aspiration, it just looks a little bit low to me
relative to the increase in CapEx, maybe I'm wrong, but should I presume that
the CWIP balances would be perhaps a bit larger and the AFUDC portion of your
income statement would be a little bit bigger in '22?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Greg, this is Jim. I know the slide is
2020, 2022, the 6% to 7%, we think is a long-term outlook and wouldn't
necessarily just reflect the debt -- the period that's shown. The math looking
at what's shown is more like 8%, but we're looking at into the future.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: No, no, I understand that. I'm asking
a more basic question. When I think about the earnings guidance for this year
with AFUDC expected to be $35 million, plus or minus, that's on Slide 6.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: I'm just sort of saying like, maybe
I'm stating the obvious, but as your capital expenditures accelerate up that
CWIP, and therefore the contribution to earnings from AFUDC should grow?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, that would be correct, Greg.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. Final question, guys. I think
there was some more -- the PUC -- or sorry, the ACC outside of the Tucson case
and outside of the -- your pending case has been workshopping several different
issues, including making a policy decision on how to deal with fair value
adjustment, how to deal with post-test year adjustments in rate cases, and I
think there was one other item, which frankly, I'm embarrassed. I can't
remember, but I think you -- hopefully, you are knowledgeable about what I'm
referencing. And could you give us an update on that, where those stand on
those 2 or 3 items?

BARBARA D. LOCKWOOD, SVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE COMPANY: Yes, Greg, this is Barbara Lockwood. There has been some
conversation about taking a look at those outside of rate cases. Frankly, there
hasn't been much activity on that recently. They've been focused on some other
topics.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. So there's no sort of formal
process for coming up with policy statements on those with like a date certain?

BARBARA D. LOCKWOOD: No, there's not. Not at this time.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with Goldman Sachs.

INSOO KIM, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: First question, could you maybe give a little bit of an
update on your thoughts on the retail competition docket and a couple of the
proposals that were made? And just your thoughts on the feasibility of that and
what potential impact that could have on the system and on APS as well?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Insoo, it's Jeff. The process,
there's been some draft rule proposals that were put out. And if we want to go
into any more detail, I'll let Barbara talk about it. But one of the major
challenges we have here in Arizona is that we're not in an organized market.
And to make the retail competition effective. I think you've really got to be
in an RTO and have that underlying framework. And you've also got to have a
fair amount of infrastructure around resource adequacy. We're in a time, if you
go back to the original competition discussion back in the early 2000s, there
was a lot more capacity. There was an overbuild of capacity.

And so capacity was not as tight. We're in a much tighter
capacity market. So it would be really risky to move forward without strong
resource adequacy frameworks. And this is a pretty lean commission. And so how
you would put in place the infrastructure that would ensure resource adequacy,
how would you deal with the market structure that moves beyond the scheduling
-- independent scheduling administrator, which is what we have in the last go
around into an actual RTO type of independent system operator. And then how
would you actually address the arbitrage, the gaming that could happen around
the trading and prices and customer-facing situation. So it's just really
difficult for me to see how you put all those in place to make this effective.
But obviously, this is early in the discussion on where those rules are. And so
we'll engage and share that perspective with the commission.

INSOO KIM: Got it. And the second question, just going back
to the storage and other clean energy investments. I think the 300 of storage
and the 300 to 500 megawatts of other resources, what time frame was that for?
And I heard a 2030 time frame, and I didn't know what the overall opportunity
set you may have spoken about in this next 10-year period?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. Insoo, I was referencing the sort of
interim 45% renewable target in 2030. And over that time frame from now to
2030, our need is about 300 megawatts a year of better storage and 300 to 500
megawatts of renewable generation a year in that time frame.

INSOO KIM: Got it. When I was just looking at the clean
energy investments in 2021 and 2022, it seems like the dollar amounts, if you
do some rough math would imply pretty high hundreds of megawatts. I don't know,
is what you're talking about already been captured in this next couple years?
Or am I doing the math wrong?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No, it's been captured. Remember, it's an
average over the time frame. But yes, we see significant opportunity in storage
and renewables.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you hear me? So just to follow up and clarify the early
equity commentary. When you talk about that $300 million to $400 million, it
seems as if that you're basically saying 2021 upon rate case resolution. Just
also want to clarify, does that include 2022 or at least contemplate no equity
in '22, as you true-up your capital structure in '21 given that you've now
provided CapEx in '22? So sorry, sorry if it's a little detailed there, but I
just wanted to clarify that.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. No, I would just say, Julien, if I
implied it was going to be in 2021, that wasn't what I was trying to imply. I
was just trying to imply as we look out, we see our CapEx, we'll need to issue
equity to support the capital structure in the next rate case. I've made no
assumption on when that rate case would be filed.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Okay. And just to clarify
that, that is reflective of the CapEx at least through '22 as it sits today,
not necessarily indicative of like perhaps equity subsequently, post '22,
right?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, this is just -- the next time we go
to market, I expect it to be in the $300 million to $400 million range, and
that would be refined based on what we ultimately do on the CapEx line and so
on.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Excellent. And then
the second question, coming back to the rate case dynamics. Obviously, it's a
little more protracted here. How do you think about settlement and the timing
of having those settlement conversations, just given how longer a process it
is? And then just to what -- I'll leave it easy.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. The -- originally, if you remember,
Julien, that there's a lot of discussion. This was a case that we were directed
to file by the commission. And I think that the assumption was that this would
be a fully litigated rate case. Obviously, we would, I think, like to talk
about settlement. I think there's a lot of benefits of settling cases,
particularly in the sense that you've come up with solutions that both sides,
you can have a win-win kind of an outcome and often in litigated cases, you're
much more in a binary outcome where it's kind of one or the other. And so I
think there's value in settlement. It's probably too early. We haven't even got
staff or intervenor testimony yet, that's going to come in May likely and so
it's early yet to see if there's a dynamic that could come into play there. But
just to be realistic, the commission had said that this is a case that they
want to see fully litigated, so if that changes or if the opportunity presents
itself, I think we'd certainly be interested in doing that but that's not the
path that we're on right now.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. And just to clarify
that, that has not changed in recent months here, at least your understanding
on this case.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. And again, Julien, it's also kind
of early in the process for it to have really done anything because normally,
that's going to come after you see staff and intervenor testimony come in.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: So first
question, sort of on the renewable energy sort of outlook and potential cost
impact, you guys are putting more effort in renewable energy, costs have come
way down. I'm just wondering how you -- when you look at your rate base and
your CapEx projections and everything, obviously there are going to be lots of
variables. But what are you guys thinking about what the potential rate impact
might be with this outlook?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, Paul, what we've really been
focused on is trying to manage through this plan with essentially, real prices
remaining flat. So keep the rate pressure at or below the rate of inflation.
And obviously, part of what you can look at with that is, as you put more
storage resources into the system, you're able to trade out some fuel expense.
And so I think we're probably $1 billion or so of fuel expense right now in
what we see. So if you can do a little fuel for steel, you're able to translate
that fuel expense into, you had rate base growth, but importantly, it takes the
rate pressure off customers so that you're able to make that trade out and get
the capital investment, but also mitigate the rate impacts.

And really important other component to this plan is the
work that we've been doing. You see it reflected in, I think, some of the
earnings that we were able to announce this quarter, is the work around the
Lean Six Sigma transformation, where we're trying to really look at doing work
differently and eliminate waste and streamline processes and that's going to be
important because we've got to keep the O&M flat or lower so that as you're
making these capital investments, you're not just putting the rate increases
through to consumers. And so it's going to have to be a combination of that,
looking at how you can do some fuel for steel and save on fuel expense. And
then how you can find the O&M savings. And then just the third component,
which is different from the internal pieces, but is just driving growth in the
state. And so when you see the large high load factor customers come in, like
the data centers, they pick up a significant amount of the fixed costs. And so
you're able to more efficiently use the system. And so it's really tying those
3 things together that we think can help mitigate rate pressures on this.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. Great. And then I guess, sort of on
the other element that you mentioned at the beginning of the call, this rate
design issue. And as you know, this -- it seems to me, at least, from watching
all of this, that the rate design issue that was implemented in the last rate
case has caused, well, really actually probably caused a lot of the regulatory
issues that we're now encountering. And I know that you guys are trying to do customer
education and what have you. But coming from it sort of from more of a consumer
perspective, things like technology and stuff. When you have to educate the
consumer that sometimes is seen in of itself as being kind of a drawback. And
I'm wondering whether or not there's an effort of maybe thinking about -- and I
don't really see it, I guess, in the current rate case, and it's there, I
apologize. But the idea of maybe just simplifying the whole thing because I'm
not -- I guess what I'm wondering is, customers may not want to be educated.

You know what I'm saying? In other words, they might want
simplicity. And so I'm just wondering, I know you guys are doing a stakeholder
thing and discussing it with stakeholders and what have you. But I'm wondering
if there's any plan potentially of sort of making it so that you don't have
what we I guess sort of have come up with, in which you have people sort of
having a really difficult time with just sort of dealing, outside of rates,
just the complexity of what at least some of these customers seem to be dealing
with.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Paul, couple of points to that.
First is we are absolutely looking at those issues. We've got a proposal in the
case for essentially a flat bill. So similar to what you see cell phone
companies offer, which is here's what your monthly plan would be, it's fixed.
We don't do a true-up at the end. There's a nuance to that, that actually says
if you tie it to allowing us to put a smart thermostat in the house, you'd get
a lower risk rate on that. But what's really important, I think you're going to
see this still continue across commissions around the country. As you move into
this advanced energy economy as we're making this transition, there is
absolutely a role for customers, not just commercial and industrial, and we're
working a lot with some of our commercial and industrial customers who are
asking for demand-side options so that they can manage around the prices that
we see at the wholesale level, the duck-curve issue that we've got, which is
causing wholesale prices to be very low or negative in the middle of the day
and then the need to shift load off into the evening hours when you've got no
solar production coming out of the grid. And so the commercial and industrial
customers are absolutely taking advantage of that. A lot of the rate design
pieces are simply to align rates that we've had for decades. We've had time use
in demand rates in our service territory for decades. So the rate concepts
aren't new.

The issue was that if you have a 12:00 to 7:00 peak period,
and you've got negative prices occurring at noon, that is a crazy price signal
to send customers. There's no way you can long-term operate a system with that
kind of time of use period, and so the first change is shifting the time of use
off to 3:00 to 8:00, which aligns it with what we actually see as the peak and
get some of that shift. And then with the demand rates, we've had the largest
demand rate participation in the country for, again, decades because in Arizona,
in a lot of cases, you've got 2 air conditioners. When you have a demand rate,
your average, your consumption, your energy cost, the cents per kilowatt hour
is lower because it's picked up on a demand charge. And even back 20 years ago,
there were technologies like load controllers that could allow customers to
manage their demand. And so yes, we're going through an education process, but
what we're seeing in the rate design is real customer response to those price
signals.

We're seeing customers are able to take advantage of demand
response programs with smart thermostats that we simply would not be able to
offer without that rate design. And really importantly, as you move forward, it
just doesn't -- to me, you can't leave residential customers out of this
advanced energy economy, and we have to be able to take advantage of the
thermal storage that's in the 1.1 million residential homes that we have in our
service territory through smart water heaters, smart thermostats, things like
that. And none of that really works without the rate design. So to -- sorry for
the long answer, but to try to get to your question, yes, let's put together
some options like the flat bill, so that we can target or give something to
folks who really don't want to do that. Recognize that there are a lot of folks
who don't want to worry about it. So now there's technology like smart
thermostats that can do it without them having to actively do things. I think
increasingly, you'll see the technology take the consumer behavior out of the
equation, and they'll just be doing things and the customer won't notice. But
to get to that point, you've got to have these price signals that are there. So
again, sorry for the long answer, but that's how we're thinking about it.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: The only thing I had left is the disconnect policy that you
brought up last quarter. I see it's still on the bullet points on your 2020
drivers. Did that get resolved between the $20 million and $30 million?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So that $20 million and $30 million was
our projection going into 2020. Keep in mind, you're just now having people
come off the sort of 4-month payment plan. And so a lot of this is we'll see
later this year what that impact will be. We did increase our bad debt reserve
last year in June. So we are picking some of that in just our reserve. But
where that shakes out remains to be seen. We will ultimately adjust that
reserve once we have an annualized pattern that we feel good that, that's the
right amount.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: But Charles, the rule-making is still
underway at the commission. So they've not landed on final rules for that yet.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of David
Peters with Wolfe Research.

DAVID CHRISTIAN PETERS, RESEARCH ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH,
LLC: I would be curious just to kind of get your guys' view of the legislation
that's been proposed to potentially move the ACC to an appointed commission. Do
you sense there is a level of support for this at the legislature and from
voters? Or should we expect to kind of see a similar result that we saw in the
past?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. I think, David, the -- it didn't
get out through a committee. There's a committee that it failed out of and that
was exactly the comment that was made is that the committee members said that
they believed it was important to allow the voters to have the right to elect
the commission. And so it's working its way through the process right now, just
again to be clear, this was not something that we proposed or that we were
trying to move forward with. And just to give you a flavor on that. I think if
it were and so it's still unclear as to whether it would ultimately get out of
the house -- or out of the legislature to the ballot, it would then have to go
to the ballot. So then you'd have to actually have voters decide to do this.
And as you know, I made a commitment that we weren't going to participate in
commission elections. I think within the spirit of that commitment, we would
not be participating in something like an independent expenditure to try to
promote this because I just think that would be too close to violating the spirit
of what we had committed to do with the commission. So legislature will do what
they're doing. But -- and I think we said we'd work with commissioners,
obviously, whether appointed or elected, but this would be a long road.

DAVID CHRISTIAN PETERS: Great. And then just quickly on the
Bright Canyon business, as you kind of think about it today, do you expect or
is the intention to ever get this to the scale of where it's kind of a material
earnings driver for you guys?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, it's a little early in that, but I
think when you look at the adjacency opportunities, that's what I tried to
emphasize in the prepared remarks is that we're not trying to go out far beyond
what we believe is really core expertise. So we've got expertise in working with
wind and solar. We're working on more expertise around battery storage. We've
got -- we had phenomenal performance at our microgrid. We had an event in Yuma
with the microgrid that we'd installed for the Marine Corps Air Station where
they actually lost the substation and in 8 seconds, that microgrid kicked in
and picked up the entire load of the base from a black start, held the load
until the substation was repaired and then was able to seamlessly transition
the base back into service. So for what the military is looking for and their
base resiliency work, those kind of projects are good. We've got great
expertise, I think, in doing those. And so a little early to see how much is
really there, but -- and I don't want to leave that expertise untapped. And so
we are looking at how we can expand Bright Canyon into more opportunities like
that. But it's a competitive environment. We're not going to do something that
doesn't make sense, obviously, for our investors, but we do think there's some
opportunity there.

OPERATOR: Our next question is a follow-up question from
Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Just a quick one. How much equity is
usually issued to the employee plans every year? And how much can that absorb
of the future $300 million to $400 million?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So we don't have an employee plan, we
have a DRIP. And I think the revenue through the DRIP is $11 million, $12
million a year. It's not significant.

OPERATOR: Thank you. We have no further questions at this
time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation,

and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 022120a12987108.708










 EXECUTIVES (95%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PUBLIC
POLICY (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS (79%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (76%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); MORN (NASDAQ) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911
ELECTRIC SERVICES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES
DEALING (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES
(91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS511120 PERIODICAL
PUBLISHERS (72%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL SERVICES (72%); SIC2721
PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING (72%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY
(99%); PUBLISHING (98%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (94%); EQUITY RESEARCH (92%);
ENERGY & UTILITIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); NATURAL
GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); BANKING & FINANCE (91%); ELECTRIC POWER
INDUSTRY (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); HYDROELECTRIC
POWER (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PERIODICAL PUBLISHING (90%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); ACCOUNTING (78%);
REAL ESTATE (78%); ENERGY & UTILITY TRADE (76%); NUCLEAR ENERGY (76%);
ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE ENERGY (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%); INFORMATION MANAGEMENT
(73%); INTERNET & WWW (70%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 February 28, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
8, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 6613 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel T. Froetscher

Arizona Public Service Company - EVP of Operations

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - EVP of Public Policy

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Dariusz Lozny

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD and Head of Power & Utilities Research

* Insoo Kim

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity
Research Analyst

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital
Corporation 2019 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you, you may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter
earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today
will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff
Guldner, APS' President, and Daniel Froetscher, APS' Executive Vice President
of operations are also here with us. First I need to cover a few details with
you. The slides that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations
website, along with our earnings release and related information. Note that the
slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information.
Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking statements based on
current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these
statements. Because actual results may differ materially from expectations, we
caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter
2019 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for
forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as well as the Risk Factors
and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A
replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30
days. It will also be available by telephone through August 15. I will now turn
the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. Our operating performance and financial management remain in line with
our expectations for the year. As you know, weather provided above-average
revenue in the first quarter and significantly below average revenue in the
second quarter. Before Jim discusses the impacts of weather on our expectations
for 2019 and details our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on
our recent regulatory and operational developments. I have repeated many times
over the years that our top priority every day is safety. The safety of our
team, our customers and our communities takes priority over all other
objectives. Recently, we experienced the loss of an APS team member, [Rico
Custio], from an event that occurred while performing planned underground
construction work in Downtown, Phoenix. This event is being fully reviewed, and
we continue to keep [Rico's] family in our thoughts and prayers.

Turning to our operations, Palo Verde Generating Station
completed its planned refueling maintenance outage for Unit 1 on May 9.
Additionally, the Ocotillo modernization project was completed on budget and
with all 5 units in service by May 30.

This valuable asset in the Metro Phoenix load pocket has
been performing well and is available to serve our customers through the summer
peak. In preparation for summer, we not only ensure we have adequate generation
resources that meet our peak demand, we also prepare for this summer wildfire
season. In fact, we work year around to minimize the risk of wildfires. Our
fire mitigation efforts include maintaining safe clearances, removing
vegetation around equipment, physical pole inspection, coordination with fire
and forest service authorities and partnering with community organizations that
educate the public on how to protect their property from wildfires.

As you know, on April 19, we experienced an equipment
failure at the McMicken substation battery storage facility. We're looking into
the cause of the failure. At site, discharge of the batteries has been
completed, and we have now begun a forensic analysis. The review is progressing
but will take time to complete. We will continue to post updates at
APS.com/McMicken. Because safety is our top priority, we will temporarily be
delaying our investments in new battery storage resources to incorporate our
learnings from this incident. Accordingly, the request for proposals issued in
April for 60 megawatts of storage on our existing solar facilities and a new
100-megawatt solar facility paired with 100 megawatts of battery storage have
been put on hold. I want to reinforce that we remain committed to investing in
new clean energy resources, including battery storage. This delay simply
reflects a thoughtful and responsible pause to ensure we move forward in a safe
and informed manner. While the storage facilities are delayed, we will be
issuing 2 new requests for proposals. The first RFP is for up to 150 megawatts
of APS-owned solar generation to be in service by 2021. This solar generation
will be designed with the flexibility to install energy storage in the future.
The second RFP is for up to 250 megawatts of wind generation to be in service
as soon as possible but no later than 2022. These new RFPs will expand our
renewable energy portfolio to about 2,500 megawatts by 2021. On August 1, we
filed a preliminary Integrated Resource Plan or IRP, which includes a 15-year
forecast of electricity demand and the resources needed to reliably serve our
customers in the future. The IRP is designed to explore a variety of options
that can provide reliable and affordable power for our customers. And drafting
the IRP, we worked closely with the diverse group of stakeholders. The
stakeholder group was engaged, provided constructive input and valuable
feedback. We appreciate the collaborative effort of this group, and look
forward to participating with interested stakeholders in the future. Going
forward, we project that our annual peak demand and energy need will both
increase at a compounded annual growth rate of more than 2% from 2020 through
2035. This forecast incorporates future demand-side management and distributed
generation. The future growth is primarily driven by population growth,
economic growth and changing customer trends related to electric vehicles and
distributed generation. The final Integrated Resource Plan will be filed with
the commission in April of 2020.

Turning to our regulatory updates. At their June open
meeting, the Arizona Corporation Commission implemented a requirement that APS
file a rate case no later than October 31, 2019, using a June 30, 2019 test
year. At the July open meeting, the ACC resolved the customer complaint and
ordered APS to implement additional customer education and outreach programs.
The commission also approved an electric vehicle policy implementation plan at
the July open meeting. The EV policy implementation plan is intended to support
EVs, EV infrastructure and the electrification of the transportation sector in
Arizona.

The plan encourages utilities to propose EV pilot programs,
focusing on infrastructure incentives and cost recovery among other items to
the commission by September 1, 2019. We're aligned with the commission in
exploring the opportunities electric vehicles present to advance our clean
energy objectives. Our goal is to make driving EVs more convenient by reducing
range anxiety through access to charging infrastructure. Our new Take Charge AZ
pilot program does just that. Take Charge AZ provides charging infrastructure
for fleets, workplaces and multifamily housing communities, as well as highway
fast-charging infrastructure. We're also exploring innovative strategies to own
and operate the fast-charging stations, while partnering with local businesses
to identify the most useful locations.

On July 30, the commission held a workshop discussing both
staff's draft retail competition rules and Commissioner Olson's recommendations
on retail competition. Among other challenges, the proposed retail competition
rules conflict with the Arizona Constitution, put reliability in jeopardy,
require the creation of their regional transmission operator or independent
system operator and conflict with the commission's interest in establishing
clean energy rules. A report sponsored by Arizona Energy Policy Group and
prepared by concentric energy advisors, analyzing retail competition over the
past 20 years, was filed with the commission on July 26. The report
illustrates, it states with retail competition as higher residential rates than
traditionally regulated states, recognizing the potential negative impact on
residential customers and the challenges I discussed within that believe that
retail electric competition is in the best interest of our customers or the
State of Arizona. As I mentioned at the beginning of this call, safety is our
top priority. After we recently became aware of a customer's passing last
September, we temporarily stopped residential power disconnects for
non-payment. Subsequently, the Arizona Corporation Commission issued a
temporary rule, proposing a statewide moratorium on disconnects through the
warmest months into mid-October. Addressing the needs of vulnerable Arizonans
is a statewide objective, that's why we have committed to work with a broad
range of Arizona stakeholders to develop solutions that help ensure Arizonans
have access to assistance when they need it most.

In closing, as a company, we have so much to be proud of. In
2019, Public Lands Alliance awarded APS the Corporate Stewardship Award for our
support of the Grand Canyon Conservancy. The annual award recognizes a company
that demonstrated exceptional achievement to enhance the quality and visitor's
experience in America's public lands. In addition, we earned the EEI Advocacy
Excellence Award for our efforts around the defeat of the 2018 ballot
initiative. This award highlights the public policy engagement of the EEI
member companies like APS. And I'm continually honored and proud to work with
such a dedicated and talented team. We remain focused on preparing to meet the
future needs of our customers and continuing to deliver long-term value to our
investors. I'll now turn the call to -- over to Jim

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don. And thank you, again, everyone, for
joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the
second quarter of 2019. We earned $1.28 per share in the second quarter of 2019
compared to $1.48 per share in the second quarter of 2018. The lower results
were largely due to unfavorable weather. As shown on Slide 2 of the materials,
adjusted gross margin was down $0.53 per share compared to the prior year
second quarter period. Higher sales, BLFCR and transmission revenues were more
than offset by unfavorable weather, which negatively impacted gross margin by
$0.31 per share. To understand the magnitude of weather, May was the coolest
May since 1980, and the Memorial Day high temperature in Phoenix tied for the
coolest on record. Additionally, June was the coolest in the last 8 years. Also
contributing to lower gross margin were lower other margin and refund to
customers due to tax reform. This quarter, we had a negative net impact and tax
reform due to the timing of the FERC corporate tax refund to customers, which
was implemented in June of last year. Continuing with the drivers, lower
adjusted operations and maintenance expense positively impacted earnings $0.20
per share, primarily due to lower planned outage costs and lower parent-level
costs.

Last quarter I shared that we will be implementing
lean-principled initiative to continue our track record to cost management
discipline and streamlining our processes. This process is part of a larger effort
what we are calling customer affordability to identify sustainable savings that
have a positive impact on customer bills by simplifying the way we work. Over
the past few months, we engaged many employees from across the enterprise and
hosted workshops to identify ways to streamline our processes, deploy
technology and ultimately, reduce costs. While this effort will take time to
mature, we continue to manage costs consistent with our historical track
record.

Turning now to Arizona's economy. As you can see on Slide 3,
the state's focus on growth is continuing to pay dividends. In particular, we
continue to see data center and other manufacturing development on the west
side of Metro Phoenix. Last week, Microsoft confirmed plans to build 3
world-class data center campuses in, Goodyear and El Mirage. Construction on
all 3 sites has begun, and Microsoft intends to power the facilities with a
100% renewable energy. In addition, Nike now plans to build a
multimillion-dollar manufacturing plant in Goodyear, bringing approximately 500
jobs to the area. Last month, Compass Datacenters announced a construction of
its first -- of 2 data centers, which are projected to be completed in the
fourth quarter of 2019. The 2 data centers are expected to utilize 72 megawatts
of new load. Going forward, Compass Datacenters expect the campus could grow up
to 350 megawatts with an on-site 230 KV substation. As a result, the Metro
Phoenix area continues to show strong job growth and has consistently been
above the national average. Through May of 2019, employment in Metro Phoenix
increased 3% compared to 1.7% for the entire U.S. Construction employment
increased by 11.6%, and manufacturing employment increased by 4.5%. The strong
job growth in the construction sector can easily be seen in Downtown, Phoenix.
Numerous job sites equipped with cranes and staff with construction crews are
visible across the Downtown area. We expect business expansion and related job
growth to continue to support economic development. The Metro Phoenix
residential real estate market has also continued its upward trend.

In 2019, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an
increase of about 2,900 compared to 2018, driven by single-family permits. We
believe that solid job growth and income growth and relatively low mortgage
rates should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more
generally, to continue to expand faster than the national average. Reflecting
the steady improvement and economic conditions, APS' retail customer grades -- customer
base grew 1.8% in the second quarter of 2019. We expect that this growth rate
will continue to accelerate in response to the economic trends I just
discussed.

Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future
population, job growth and economic development in Arizona remains.

Turning to guidance and our financial outlook. As we look to
the second half of 2019, we continue to evaluate our financial expectations and
opportunities. As Don mentioned, we are temporarily delaying investment in new
energy storage. Although, the projects are delayed, our total projected capital
expenditure levels through the forecasted period remain the same. We have
reallocated the capital that would have been spent on energy storage to
accelerate other distribution at fossil projects. Also, with the change in
timing of -- for our next rate case, we have reevaluated our financing plans.
As a result, we will not require any additional equity of parent-level
long-term debt for the remainder of 2019. However, we will continue to have a
strong equity layer. The equity ratio at the end of the test year was
approximately 54.7%. Despite the mild weather in the first of the year, we
continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 will be in the
range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. However, I would guide you to the low end
due to weather today. The third quarter represents over 60% of our full year
results and as we have experienced, weather in the third quarter can vary
significantly. Keys to success will be managing our costs, the impact of
increases in customer load, primarily from the data centers, as I mentioned
earlier, and normal weather for the remainder of 2019. A complete list of our
key factors and assumptions underlying our guidance is included on Slide 6 and
7 of the materials. We expect to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at
APS during the remainder of 2019. This excludes any funding for the refinancing
of APS is $250 million, a 2.2% senior notes, which mature in January 2020.
Overall, liquidity remains strong. And that concludes our prepared remarks,
I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Do you have any kind of update on what's going on
with the Four Corners, SCR step-up order at this point?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Michael, it's Jeff. So the -- as you know, we've got
Recommended Opinion and Order out on that. It went through a hearing process,
has not moved to the commission yet. And I think given the timing of the
upcoming rate case, there's 3 potential paths you could see. It could go before
the case gets filed. It could be decided sometime while the case is pending or
it could end up just being consolidated with that rate case and in both the
rate case and that decision being voted out, but we don't have clarity as to
which of those paths it's on.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Got you. And on the rate case filing,
there was some discussion I remember at the commission meeting about that it's
a tight deadline to get done by October 31. I'm just wondering if you guys are
-- how are you coping with that deadline at this point?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. It is tight, normally it takes
about 6 months to put a case together but we just had to accelerate the work
that we're doing on it. So it's in process of being prepared right now and
we'll hit the target.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Greg
Gordon with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD AND HEAD OF POWER &
UTILITIES RESEARCH, EVERCORE ISI INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION:
It's sort of déjÃ  vu all over again with this commission thinking about
the efficacy of retail competition. Ultimately, I -- based on my history of
looking at this data, I would tend to agree with your view of the outcome. But
what is the time line? And the next -- the milestones that we should look
forward to over the next, I don't know, how long period of time till we get to
a point where we know sort of that the commission has been fully educated on
this and we might get better view as to next steps?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Greg, Jeff. This was discussed at the
commission and staff meeting yesterday, and I think what -- not surprisingly,
what they're looking for is more information on what the potential impacts are.
What the technical issues would be, all the analysis that you would need to
make a decision on whether it's appropriate to move forward. I think it's clear
on that they're going to have another workshop on it, and they're working on
getting additional questions and whether that next workshop will provide enough
information, as you know, this is a really complicated issue to work through,
particularly in the situation that we're in without being already in an RTO and
ISO, and so I think watching for that workshop probably, in October, will be the
next milestone, and then how it progresses from there is hard to see right now.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Can you refresh my memory though? I
mean last time we went through this process, there were very, very large number
of educational questions like that before they came to the conclusion that they
shouldn't move forward. Can you refresh my memory roughly how long that last
process took?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: The last process actually took multiple
years and it started kind of similar to how the California Bluebook process
started, as they broken into a number of different working groups. So legal
working group, technical working group, and again, that was before you had
retail competition in a lot of states. But it took multiple years of folks
working through the different issues, and then it's a multiple years to move
forward on the implementation path that we were pursuing then until the
California energy crisis hit and that's what put everything on hold and then we
had to unwind some of the work that had been done during that process. But I
don't know that it would take as long this time, given that there's been more
experience in retail competition. But as you know, if you're actually talking
about standing up an RTO, there's a lot of issues that you'd have to work
through, particularly how it would interface with California. And what impact
it would have since we're participating in the energy imbalance market and
crediting customers with off-system sales revenues that we get from that. If
you stop doing that because you stand your own RTO up, that's going to affect
all customers, and so they've got to work through a lot of these technical
issues, I think, to come to the conclusion of whether to move into a formal
rulemaking or how that formal rulemaking would develop.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Last question for Jim. As I look at
the guidance drivers on Page 6, and I think about you guiding towards the low
end of the range because of weather and I think -- should I just be flexing the
adjusted expected gross margin down towards the low -- lower end of the range?
Or are there other moving parts here? Share count is, obviously, a bit lower
given the change in the financing package. But inside those guidance ranges,
can you give us some sense of what the moving parts are?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So I would say that O&M would be
towards the lower end, thinking about -- or 3 sort of things we have to focus
on O&M. I think those will be within the range. We had really -- fairly
strong residential sales in the first half. We had the commercial customer at a
onetime outage that hurt commercial sales, but I would think with pursuing the
impact of data centers depending upon the timing that they actually come on
that there is a little flux there. And then I think you'll see gross margin
towards the lower end just due to weather as we go forward.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

DARIUSZ LOZNY, RESEARCH ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: This Dariusz Lozny on for Julien. You said a question around
the renewable RFPs that you said you'll be issuing shortly, any sense as to
like what the associated CapEx spend for those will be?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I don't think, there is no
incremental CapEx associated with that. We -- as we go forward we had battery
storage and we had other renewable baked in our plan. So I'll -- we'll know
more when we get to the actual RFPs back by that. I don't see any incremental
capital at this point.

DARIUSZ LOZNY: Okay. And maybe can you talk a little bit
more just about the plan going forward as far as energy storage. I know the
investigation is ongoing, can you talk a little bit to the sense of timing of
when you'll know more, and when you'll be able to kind of proceed more on the
plan there?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER, EVP OF OPERATIONS, ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE COMPANY: This is Daniel. To your point, the first phase of the McMicken
event investigation has been completed and we've moved on to the second stage,
that's the forensic phase, if you will, of the actual equipment to the first
phase involved. Just charging the remaining modules at the McMicken facility. I
hesitate, a little bit, to speculate to specific time lines. I know that the
second stage forensic look will involve a couple of months, we're cautiously
optimistic that we'll have some returns back in the late September, October
timeframe, but that is speculative at this point. In the meantime, I think to
echo Mr. Greg's comments and his remarks, we want to be sure that we approach
this prudently, safely and with full confidence with the technology and so
we're just on pause in that space at present.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with Goldman Sachs.

INSOO KIM, EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Starting with, I think, the recent considerations
before extending the gas-generation moratorium, I think the proposal or the
consideration was that it would only be until early 2020, but if that were to
happen and stretch out further what other items do you have to offset any
potential (inaudible) build that you have in your CapEx line?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Insoo, this is Jeff. Just to clarify if
the gas moratorium is extended and if you look at the language of it what it
requires is that if we need it to construct -- I just want to clarify this that
if we need it to construct then we'd have to go get commission approval
essentially to do that, which I think and that's something we would do
irrespective of whether there was a moratorium in place. And it's limited to
the gas generation. That's going to be likely discussed on the September open
meeting. But I don't think it's -- would have any impact on capital.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. Also, it wouldn't prohibit [BPH] going
forward to the extent that we needed to fill that need.

INSOO KIM: Understood. And then in terms of the revised
financing plan you mentioned that APS equity layer was around 54.8%, I believe,
at the end of 2Q '19, and with no plans for additional equity, does that just
imply that will be likely be the amount that's filed in the upcoming rate case?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. I would expect that at the end of
the test year at June 30, that you'll see the equity layer of approximately
54.7% -- which is sort of consistent in -- within our 53.8% to 55.8% that we've
had historically so.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question, on Slide 18, you laid out the implications for the
Four Corners step increase not taking place all the pluses and minuses. I just
wanted to clarify, Jim, when you talk about sort of guiding towards the lower
end of the range this year, does that assume that the Four Corners step
increase does not happen this year? Or are you still counting on some earnings
from that -- even within that scenario?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, Jeff talked earlier about the paths
going forward, so again, we don't know the path, but assuming we get it or
don't get it, we're still going to be towards the low end of guidance just
based on the factors I talked about earlier.

ALI AGHA: I got you. Okay. And then secondly, more general
question, you've had a couple of new commissioners come on board this year.
Just wondering, your current interactions with the commission. In general, how
you're seeing that today versus 18 months ago, 12, 18, 24 months ago in
general, as you are dealing with the commission on various issues?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Every -- the commission is dynamic, so
you always have changes when other commissioners come in and they'll have
different priorities. And so we're in -- kind of in the process of trying to
make sure we are open and explaining the issues and the policies as we see
them.

ALI AGHA: And in general, the interaction has been similar?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: It's similar, I mean, it's challenging
because as you know, when you get into a rate case issues and you get into
ex-parte situations, you can't discuss pending matters and so depending on how
busy your docket is that affects sometimes how much interaction that you can
have.

ALI AGHA: Right. And then lastly, Jim, also wanted to
clarify as you mentioned, in this rate case filing, you won't need any equity.
As you plan out long term and you've laid out some longer-term CapEx plans,
when is the earliest you think equity comes back into the scenario for you
guys?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Don't really have a view on that today.
When provinces file on the rate case and gain a constructive outcome and we'll
go from there.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: On the IRP, Don, if I could just -- make sure I got this
right. The 2% CAGR in load growth between 2020 and 2035, that is net of
distributed generation?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: So that's like a wow?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes. That's -- I said it was both peak
demand and energy, we expect to grow at that CAGR of 2%.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: So is this -- you had that one slide
with all the data centers. That's some of what is driving this I guess all of
the above but those things are huge energy users, correct?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes. They are -- were very attractive area
due to low probabilities of natural disasters, reasonable price on energy,
living conditions for their employees, very attractive for energy centers. But
as we look out the window here, there is cranes all over Downtown, Phoenix, and
if you drive around the Valley and in other growth areas of the state, there is
a lot of activity going on. And I continue to hear from developers that labor
shortages is the only thing that's holding some of the back. So we're pretty
convinced there's a lot more to happen here in Arizona.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: So when Microsoft says they're going to
source it with renewables, is that the standard thing? Or that -- those
renewables could come from other locations, they're just saying that to offset
what they use in Arizona?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes. Charles, we did a special contract
arrangement with Microsoft, which allows them to do something that's in the
industry is similar to what's called a contract per differences, so it lets
them go out and construct renewable energy kind of wherever. And we give them a
market process price and so it gives flexibility to the customer to go out and
achieve the energy objectives that they're looking for. And so that was a
relatively unique tariff arrangement, but we're looking at -- again, it's a
model that we can apply to other data centers. And we expect to see more data
centers, and we've tailored our rate designs to also be attractive to these
high-load factor customers and just to underscore the benefit of this for all
customers. When these customers come on because they're using the system, it
increases the efficiency that we are able to use our system, and it actually
takes price pressure off of other customers.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Right. Last question. I didn't slug my
way through the IRP, just the little bit I read, I see why you talked about the
importance of natural gas but is there -- do you address the actual need to
build some more natural gas in addition to all the renewables in storage in the
IRP?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: Charles, this is Daniel. We don't make
the distinction, if you will, from a natural gas build standpoint. Given the
deferral and the whole status of our energy storage, we've obviously, come
forth with the interest for the additional solar and wind, gas has been and
will continue to be needed as a bridge fuel, as a peaking resource, while we
move through the next 3 to 5 to 7 years. And that will inform our decisions
relative to additional gas acquisitions either through PPA, or should we
entertain it at some point having discussions about a build.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: And Charles, this is Jeff. Just to --
the policy issue to watch on that and how the IRP and the stakeholders are
engaging, this was kind of a fundamental policy issue around this future of
clean energy is, do you have a 100% clean energy, is that the path that you
move to with the understanding that the -- getting that last 10% or 20% could
be very expensive, or do you move more quickly and have gas involved in the
resource mix but then electrify and move things onto a lower carbon system? And
so that's going to be a policy issue to get out further in, pass the 5- to 6-,
7-year horizon that I know we're going to have that discussion, I expect we'll
have it in Arizona, but it's similar to what you're seeing around the country I
think.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: So there
was this emergency moratorium on shut off. And I just was wondering where that
stood? Is that still -- did they make there some final rule or not? And what's
your experience been so far with re-reg or -- yes, sometimes when you have
these moratoriums, you have these problems where people who have tight budgets,
stop paying their bills and then get behind them or what have you I'm just
wondering if you guys have experienced anything like that, or if you have any
update on that?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, Paul, this is Jeff. The emergency
rule are in place, the emergency rules are meant to be in place while the
commission conducts a formal rulemaking on whatever the disconnect policy will
be going forward. And so those emergency rules are in place through this summer
and the formal rulemaking is likely to start fairly soon. We are seeing and we
report to the commission what the arrearages are, and they've asked for a
monthly reporting on that and you're right, as expected, we're seeing the
arrearages go up, and so one of the things that we are focused on is how we're
going to engage and dimension it, how we're going to engage customers with
community support organizations on October 15, when the moratorium comes up,
and we know we're going to have circumstance where a lot of customers will be
behind 4 months of summer bills. And so we're working forward with how we'll
deal with that, with the number of stakeholders who are engaged in supporting
those customers.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. And then just back to Greg's questions
regarding the retail choices you -- I mean, having been kind of around long
enough to remember when this was a fad in parts of the country, and how it
became not so much. It is a little bit surprising seeing through the -- I mean
you guys have put forward the report and what have you, there's been a
considerable amount of process already. And there's still seems to be, at
least, on the part of a few of the commissioners as it seems a lot of
enthusiasm for this. And the staff, I think, seems to be sort of okay with
everything but residential switching as -- or at least they don't -- that seems
to be where they -- seems to voice their concerns. So I guess what I'm
wondering is if you could give a little bit more color as to why so much
enthusiasm for something that we're hearing actually sort of unpopularity
around, at least from consumer groups and what have you around parts of the
country.

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes. I do. And certainly, you can read
Commissioner Olson's letters and if you watch the workshops, he's certainly
proponent of broad retail competition, Commissioner Burns -- Chairman Burns,
I'm sorry, has been proponent since he's been on the bench. I think the staff's
concern is let's make sure we do understand all the consequences, all the
potential impacts and so it's not a new pressure, it certainly has more attention
now. But we've worked on the commercial side in our last couple of rate cases
and putting some creative buy-through provisions that allowed those customers
and some customers to go out and kind of working through us, go out and secure
power resources for themselves. It's a limited number of megawatts that can do
that because of the need -- if you scale that up you've got to get an RTO in
place, and so we've done it to where we can accommodate it. But there is
interest in saying, can you go do more and I think you're right, I mean, this
is primarily something that is of interest to the large commercial customers
who've seen opportunity to go out and buy on an energy-only basis. And part of
what you have to talk about is how do you fairly reflect the capacity value the
income and utilities fleets bring to the system and so that's where a lot of
the interest is. And residential, I think that they're interested in talking
about it, but that's a really hard one to do and certainly hard to do community
choice aggregation, I think it's pretty impossible to do community choice
aggregation without being in an RTO and having some kind of underlying dispatch
going on.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. I appreciate -- yes, I have been
listening to the hearings, it's a little exhausting, but you guys have so much
going on there.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This concludes
our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080819a12608007.707










 EXECUTIVES (93%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); PUBLIC POLICY (72%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); STI (NYSE) (72%);
MORN (NASDAQ) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911
ELECTRIC SERVICES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES
DEALING (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (72%); SIC6712
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS
(72%); NAICS511120 PERIODICAL PUBLISHERS (72%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL
SERVICES (72%); SIC2721 PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING
(72%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL
BANKING (92%); ENERGY & UTILITIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); NATURAL GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%);
FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
PERIODICAL PUBLISHING (90%); PUBLISHING (90%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); ENERGY & UTILITY TRADE (76%);
NUCLEAR ENERGY (76%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%);
INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (72%); INTERNET & WWW (70%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (79%)










 August 18, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
8, 2020 Friday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 6906 words

Corporate Participants

* Barbara D. Lockwood

Arizona Public Service Company - SVP of Public Policy

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* Stefanie A. Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

* Theodore N. Geisler

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Senior VP & CFO

Conference Call Participants

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

* Shahriar Pourreza

Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD and Head
of North American Power

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital
Corporation 2020 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie
Layton, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE A. LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter
2020 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers
today will be our Chairman and CEO, Jeff Guldner; and our CFO, Ted Geisler. Jim
Hatfield, Chief Administrative Officer; Daniel Froetscher, APS's President and
COO; and Barbara Lockwood, Senior Vice President, Public Policy, are also here
with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along
with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations,
and actual results may differ materially from expectations.

Our first quarter 2020 Form 10-Q was filed this morning.
Please refer to that document for forward-looking statement cautionary language
as well as risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
May 15.

I will now turn the call over to Jeff.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. Before I get started, let me say I hope everyone is doing well. This is
certainly an unexpected way to start our year, but the last several weeks have
only reaffirmed to me that our company and our people are resilient, agile and
prepared to handle whatever comes our way.

We recognize the realities of COVID-19 and the challenges
that people are facing, and we remain committed, first and foremost, to safely
delivering reliable power to Arizona, building shareholder value by ensuring
customer value.

In March, we made the decision to deploy as much of our
workforce as possible to work from home and to change our work practices for
those essential workers needed to keep the lights on for our customers and to
prepare for the Arizona summer. The transition from normal course of business
to social distancing and revised safety procedures was seamless from our
reliability standpoint and for our customers.

While our processes have changed, our priorities have not.
From the financial perspective, our strengths lie in a strong balance sheet,
good credit rating and sufficient liquidity. We can and will weather the storm.
We recognize that in order to serve both our customers and our shareholders, it
is important to maintain our financial health. Financial stability is a key
driver in our decision-making, and it's essential to support our long-term
goals.

Operationally, the rigor of our preparation and the strength
of our team position us well to navigate the challenges presented by COVID-19.
Our pandemic plan was established, tested, refined and rehearsed before any of
the COVID-19 impacts began to hit us. As I mentioned earlier, we've transitioned
as many employees as possible to working from home. I'll note that includes
over 140 call center associates who we moved very quickly to seamlessly
continue to provide customer service from their homes, and that includes the
oversight folks as well, an incredible job by the IT group there as well as our
field employees who continue to prepare for our peak summer season. All
necessary summer preparedness work, including vegetation management and planned
outages at our power plants, have continued.

In an effort to minimize the duration of those outages and
the number of people required to be physically present, we prioritized
essential work and deferred some discretionary maintenance until later in the
year. I'm pleased to share that we completed the Palo Verde Unit 2 refueling
outage earlier this week, ensuring that this key resource will be available to
serve customers this summer. The refueling outage had a reduced scope to allow
the completion of the essential work, with 40% less contractors than normal. In
addition, we've deferred nonessential transmission and distribution work that
would require more than a 2-hour planned outage to our residential customers
during this time.

We are grateful for the support we've received from so many
who've helped our employees stay safe, including Armored Outdoor Gear, one of
our commercial customers in Flagstaff. I'd like to thank the owner, Tom Monroe,
who made the decision to quickly pivot manufacturing operations to produce
masks. We were able to quickly secure 3,000 masks for APS, including an
expedited quantity of 300 for Palo Verde employees, at a time when masks were
harder to come by. It was really a win-win situation. We were able to keep our
employees safe and, at the same time, support our local economy.

Based on what we've seen so far in energy usage and customer
load growth, and Ted will talk more about this, but we know that circumstances
will continue to evolve. Our resource plans for additional generation remain in
place. We expect to announce the results of outstanding wind and solar requests
for proposal in the near future. Just as in our pre COVID-19 world, as we learn
more about our customer needs and how we are all recovering from the impact of
our current situation, we will evaluate our assumptions for future generation
resource needs and make any necessary adjustments.

To date, we have not experienced any material supply chain
disruptions. Our team is actively monitoring for potential disruptions and has
conducted a contract review to confirm the adequacy of our summer resource
needs. In addition, they've solicited supplier input to identify market risks
associated with 800-plus high-volume suppliers, including all of our critical
suppliers. As with many other aspects of our operations, mitigation plans are
in place to minimize any potential supply chain disruptions.

On the regulatory front, the Arizona Corporation Commission
has been busy addressing COVID-19 concerns and adjusting their work to
accommodate social distancing guidelines. Not surprisingly, as a result, a
number of their work streams have been delayed. As you may recall, the original
rate case schedule that staff had was going to file testimony on May 20. At the
request of the commission staff, that date has been extended to August 3, and
the hearing is now scheduled to begin on September 30.

On May 5 and 6, the commission held open meetings discussing
our rate comparison tool, how to refund or collect the demand-side management
funds and treatment for costs associated with COVID-19. As a result of the
discussion, the commission voted to return $36 million of overcollected
demand-side management funds to customers through a onetime bill credit in
June. No votes were taken regarding the other matters. However, I'll note that
Chairman Burns did indicate that he plans to bring the topic of an accounting
order for COVID-related costs before the commission again at a later date.

Our clean energy commitment received some positive
validation in March after the commission held a workshop to discuss clean
energy rules. Following that workshop, Chairman Burns, Commissioner Kennedy and
Commissioner MÃ¡rquez Peterson all publicly expressed support for a 100% clean
by 2050 standard. And obviously, that's aligned with our clean energy commitment,
and I think that's a good sign for the future of clean energy in Arizona. A
good future for clean energy in Arizona means robust economic development in
our state and an opportunity for financial growth for Pinnacle West.

We've never experienced anything like COVID-19, but we've
been through many challenging times in our 136 years of service to Arizona. We
don't know today what the ultimate disruptions or impacts of this pandemic will
be, but I have no doubt we'll navigate both through the near term and continue
to deliver on our long-term goals.

And with that, I'll turn over to Ted.

THEODORE N. GEISLER, SENIOR VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Jeff, and thank you again, everyone, for
joining us today. I want to add to Jeff's appreciation and recognition of our
team's accomplishments under these unusual circumstances. I have always been
proud of the APS workforce, but seeing our teams lead through this pandemic
with such tenacity and strength has truly been inspiring. I would also like to
share our appreciation for those in the medical profession and other essential
service providers making very real sacrifices to help our communities navigate
the COVID-19 impacts.

Before I discuss some of the unique aspects of our service
territory and strengths that will serve us well through this current challenge,
I want to briefly touch on our first quarter results.

2020 started out strong, earning $0.27 per share compared to
$0.16 per share in the first quarter of '19. Lower adjusted O&M and higher pension
in OPEB nonservice costs contributed to the increase in earnings. We also
experienced 2.2% customer growth and 0.8% weather-normalized sales growth in
the first quarter compared to the same period in 2019. Excluding the last 2
weeks of March, weather-normalized sales for the quarter were within our
original 2020 annual guidance range of 1% to 2%.

While we started the year strong, we have also begun to
experience impacts, including a reduction in load, from the COVID-19 social
distancing and stay-at-home guidelines. From March 13, the date when many
Arizona schools and businesses closed, through April 30, we have seen an
approximate 14% reduction in weather-normalized commercial and industrial load
compared to the same period last year, partially offset by an approximate 7%
increase in weather-normalized residential load. The reduction in C&I load
equates to an earnings decrease of around $0.14 per share, while the increase
in residential usage contributes about $0.04 per share for a net reduction of approximately
$0.10 compared to our original expectations for this period.

We cannot predict the ultimate duration or impacts from the
social distancing and stay-at-home guidelines resulting from COVID-19 pandemic.
However, we are committed to sharing with you today the information we have,
scenario sensitivities and mitigating factors.

On April 30, Governor Ducey extended the stay home, stay
healthy, stay connected order through May 15, with some reopenings prior to
that date. On May 4, retail establishments were committed to reopen while
following certain restrictions. Effective today, hair salons may open. And on
Monday, restaurants are permitted to reopen. While the process and timing for a
full reopening is still uncertain, this is a positive step to restarting the
Arizona economy.

Despite the fact Arizona has already started to reopen, if
we assume the trend we experienced from March 13 through April 30 continues
through the end of the second quarter, we would anticipate a net
weather-normalized sales decrease of approximately 7% compared to the second
quarter 2019 and an earnings per share decrease of approximately $0.20 compared
to our original second quarter 2020 expectations.

The impacts from COVID-19 are not unique to us, but there
are a few differentiating factors I'd like to highlight, most notably weather,
cost management and sales growth. As most of you know, in the hot Southwest
desert, our demand is significantly influenced by weather and air conditioning
load. For this reason, our earnings are heavily weighted towards the third
quarter. Historically, approximately 56% of our annual earnings comes from Q3,
28% from Q2 and only 6% from the first quarter.

While we have already experienced a reduction in load from
COVID-19, this reduction has occurred in our milder shoulder season months. As
we saw last year with the weather impact of negative $0.25 per share, weather
alone can play a significant factor in our annual earnings. This year, Phoenix
reached triple-digit temperatures already in April, setting record highs, and
we've maintained above 100 degrees every day this week with excessive heat
warnings already in effect.

Cost management is another key lever for us to mitigate the
potential decrease in sales. We will continue our focus on cost management
using Lean Sigma that we introduced throughout the organization in 2019. Our
commitment to becoming a lean operating company through continuously
eliminating unnecessary costs out of the business contributed to our success in
meeting earnings expectations in 2019.

The current COVID environment is giving our team another
reason to rally in 2020 as we work hard to realize additional efficiencies this
year. We've already experienced a number of successes in this space, in
addition to natural O&M reductions from adjustments in our processes and
scope of work related to COVID. For example, by the end of this year, we'll
have deployed 28 bots across the enterprise as part of our digital
transformation program. In our fossil fleet, as example, we're now using robotic
process automation to complete all work packages. The use of technology to
automate this process will save employees about 1,800 hours per year. Just 5 of
the automations planned for the first part of this year are expected to produce
an NPV benefit of $1.8 million over the next 5 years. These examples and our
focus on reducing costs will serve us well not just through the near-term
challenges but also in achieving our long-term goals of providing customers
with affordable and reliable service.

While total sales will likely continue to lag during the
duration of the stay-at-home period, we remain confident in the long-term
growth of our service territory. According to the Arizona Technology Council's
quarterly impact report, Arizona tech sector is growing at a rate 40% faster
than the U.S. overall. Metro Phoenix area showed strong job growth through
February of 2020, which has consistently been above the national average.
Through February, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3.2% compared to 1.5% for
the entire U.S. Construction employment in Metro Phoenix increased by 5.4%, and
manufacturing employment increased by 2.1%. This data reflects pre COVID-19
conditions, and we expect to see the 2.2% customer growth rate we experienced
in the first quarter to slow in the near term. However, the qualities and
fundamentals that I mentioned that have consistently attracted residents to
Arizona, including a low cost of living, attractive weather and robust
employment opportunities, remain intact and likely to continue supporting
long-term growth after the economy normalizes.

In regard to our future capital investments, we remain
committed to the $4.7 billion CapEx forecast for the 2020 through 2022 time
frame, largely driven by clean energy investments. Information regarding
COVID-19 and the potential impact is fluid and changing rapidly. We will
continue to assess our CapEx plans, load forecasts, sales expectations, O&M
and other financial data points as more information becomes available. We
recognize there are potential scenarios where COVID-19 impacts could
necessitate changes in the timing or scope of our investment plans. However, as
of today, we do not believe the limited load reductions experienced thus far
require any alterations to our long-term plans.

Similarly, we continue to believe 2020 Pinnacle West
consolidated earnings of $4.75 to $4.95 per share remain achievable assuming
the impacts for COVID-19 dissipate by the end of the second quarter and
customer and sales growth resumes once the economy normalizes. Additional
O&M savings are also being assessed by our management team to mitigate the
impact from lost revenue. A complete list of key factors and assumptions
underlying our 2020 guidance can be found on slides 3 and 4.

Another advantage for Pinnacle West is our financial health.
We have a strong balance sheet, A- credit rating, well-funded pensions,
sufficient liquidity and no equity needs in 2020. We currently have $1.2
billion in revolver capacity with an option to increase by another $500 million.
As of May 1, we have drawn down $310 million on our revolvers. In addition, all
remaining Pinnacle West long-term debt maturing in 2020 will occur in November
and December, and APS's $200 million term loan matures in August. With all the
long-term maturities falling late in the year, we have ample flexibility to
assess the market conditions and evaluate our options.

Further, at year-end 2019, our pension was 97% funded. With
our liability-driven investment strategy, our pension was 96.4% funded as of
March 31, 2020, highlighting our resilience to the market volatility.

Last week, we proudly celebrated 136 years of service to
Arizona customers and communities, and we've been through plenty of challenges
before. As Jeff mentioned, we were well prepared for this current challenge. We
started from a position of financial strength. The seasonality of our
jurisdiction and the exceptional skills and sophistication of our team give us
confidence that we will effectively navigate the near term and continue to work
towards our long-term commitments.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call
back over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So if I understood it correctly, it looks like if
the trends persist in April, it's about that the April trends in COVID load
reduction are about $0.05 a month, something along those lines, going forward.
That's where your extra $0.10 of impact comes in and it extends out into the
second quarter?

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Well, Michael, this is Ted. It's not
that linear. Wish it was that easy. You got to remember we got seasonality.
We've got seasonal rates that start here in May. So what we try to do is just
say that if you look at the entire effects of COVID since mid-March through the
end of April, which is what we think the worst of it because that's during the
forced stay-at-home measure, and if you just say that, that forced stay-at-home
measure effect were to continue all the way through the end of Q2, then you'd
likely have a full $0.20 EPS impact, and that's the way we've been thinking
about it. Now keep in mind we're starting to reopen, as I mentioned. Retail
started earlier this week. Salons started today. In fact, I can't wait to go
get a haircut myself after this call. And on Monday, we've got restaurants
opening. So certainly, there's some resumption, and we'd expect to see some
positivity from a sales standpoint as a result of this. But what we're saying,
just from a scenario standpoint, is if you just saw what we've seen over the
last 4 weeks continue hard through the end of Q2, then that's the impact.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Okay. Do you think the offset from higher
residential, though, would increase in the summer months as -- with hotter
weather and more air conditioning load? Do you think that actually number of
(inaudible) offset from residential increases?

THEODORE N. GEISLER: It's difficult to predict. Good
question. And certainly, on our minds as well, I'd say it's possible. The other
aspect that we're thinking about is I know our workforce is contemplating the
success we've had at a remote work environment. We would expect that we'll have
many employees embrace more flexible work -- remote work a go-forward basis
because we're seeing the benefits of that. And so we think other companies may
do the same. Therefore, you may have a long-term, persistent change in usage
for residential customers as a result of more flexible work environment. So a
lot of uncertainties, but I think your point is well taken and certainly
something that we're paying attention to as well.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Now sorry if you covered this before, but
are regulators considering some kind of interim relief during the rate case
process for COVID?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Michael, you're breaking up on that
question. I'm sorry. Could you say it again?

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Sorry about that. Are regulators -- sorry
if you've covered this (inaudible)

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: I think we just lost you, Michael.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Well, sorry about that.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: There you go, there you go. You're back.
I'm not sure what that...

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Oh, good. Okay. Are regulators
considering interim relief for COVID?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. The -- so the discussion -- there
was a decision made to refund the overcollected DSM balance, so that's going to
provide relief for customers with a bill credit in June. The discussion of
whether an accounting order would be adopted was raised, and there's been some
letters written by commissioners and some discussion in open meeting context
around deferral mechanisms, which are obviously being discussed in many states,
many jurisdictions. There was conversation on that earlier this week at the
commission, but no action taken. And as I indicated, the Chairman indicated
that he's going to likely bring it back for further discussions. So there
hasn't been anything done yet, but they are discussing it.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Shar
Pourreza with Guggenheim.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA, MD AND HEAD OF NORTH AMERICAN POWER,
GUGGENHEIM SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a couple of regulatory
items. Just on the rate case, in the event sort of the response to this
pandemic proves a little bit longer than anticipated, I mean, we've already
seen some delays here, is there any scenario in which the rate case runs into
'21? And if so, how does sort of the statutory turnover at the commission
affect the case? How should we sort of think about sort of settlement
opportunities, especially as we head into the September hearings? I have to
imagine that you guys are a little bit more incentivized to settle here. So
maybe just if you could just talk, chat top level as we're thinking about the
rate case and how you're going to strategize.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Sure, Shar. I think right now,
under the current schedule and if you think about a September hearing date
start and then you start layering on what happens, so you have a month to --
maybe longer than a month hearing, followed by written briefs, followed by the
administrative law judge putting together a recommended opinion and order,
followed by exceptions, followed by an open meeting, I think the schedule that
we have now does have the case moving into 2021. And so the question then is
where in 2021 and what happens over the rest of the summer. How does the
pandemic play out? What impacts does that have on the commission's ability to
process cases? And again, Tucson Electric is ahead of us, so there's one
indicator that you could watch for there.

With respect to a settlement, this was a case that the
commission had indicated they wanted to do through a fully litigated rate case.
Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty that's come up now with the pandemic.
And is there an opportunity to do that? That's something that we are open to. I
think there's been a little bit of signaling that, that might be more palatable
than it was 6, 9 months ago. It's still too early to say because, as you
probably know and what generally happens is those discussions really start
after you see staff and intervenor testimony. So you've kind of got the
boundaries staked out. And so we wouldn't expect to see much developments on
that front until after testimony gets filed. And a little early to say whether
that's going to be something that commission is going to want to do, but it's
something that we would certainly entertain.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: Got it. So just basically watch the
August floor with the staff and intervenor coming out in the hearings that are
now in September. So sometime between August and September should be a signal
on whether you guys can form a stipulation or not?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. I think that's probably fair.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: Okay. Perfect. And then just one last
question on the IRP. Is there sort of any updates that's -- do you expect any
delays there around the COVID situation? Are we still shooting for June?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: We're still shooting for June. Again,
things are a little fluid right now in terms of what -- what's affecting the
workload, but we're still anticipating a filing in June.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: Congrats on these results.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Thanks, Shar.

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Thanks, Shar.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So I suppose if I could break things down a little bit here.
When you look at the impact thus far, it seems like it's principally weighted
towards commercial versus the consolidated number that you guys talked about
here on $0.10 versus industrial. And if I can take that a step further, as you
think about commercial and you think about reconciling sort of against the full
year and your expectations on guidance, like what kind of trajectory are you
thinking about here on the commercial recovery here? Obviously, you've talked
about (inaudible). Just trying to reconcile holding guidance. Obviously, some
very constructive residential trends. And critically, I think commercial here,
you talked about some of that. But what is sort of embedded in your mind?

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Yes. Julien, it's a fair question. But
really, it's too difficult to get specific on how we're thinking about those 2
levers. If these were more similar to the Great Recession, where you just had a
net decrease in all customer classes, it'd be a bit easier to tie it to GDP and
try to assume some level of resumption. But in this case, where you're seeing
inverse trends, where residential is up, C&I is down, it's unclear what the
resumption will -- the business resumption will do to C&I slowly improving
and then residential does. So for us, what we thought was most fair is to
simply play out the current environment all the way through Q2 and be able to
share that while businesses are reopening, let's just assume that you saw no
improvement. Here's what the EPS impact would be and then, more importantly,
focus on our levers. And this management team is very focused on our levers to
fight hard and do everything we can to make sure that we mitigate the impacts.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Let's talk about mitigating
impacts, if you don't mind. I mean you all have talked a little bit here about
it. I think you got $13 million here at the midpoint, if I got it right here.
But how do you think about the opportunity to pull more levers here, especially
against your guidance with the 1% to 2% normalized sales growth?

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Yes. So certainly, cost management is
at the top of that list, as I mentioned. And specific to cost management, I
gave you some examples of our lean initiatives, but we also think about it
through the lens of restricting hiring or consulting costs, reduced employee
expenses, deferring certain nonessential work activities. Of course, we also
anticipate some fundamental growth drivers. So as we stated before, we don't
have data center build-out baked into our forecast because that remained
relatively uncertain at the beginning of the year in terms of timing and
volume. But we're seeing data centers continue with their progression. In fact,
2 large data centers that have been under construction for a while are
transitioning in the next 2 weeks from construction power to full-service
usage, and that's certainly a driver for us.

While we don't count on weather in full year guidance,
weather is certainly helping us so far. And then, finally, as you saw from Q1,
we've got some nonoperational drivers relative to, in Q1, pension OPEB that
will annualize throughout the remaining 3 quarters. So as an example, those are
some levers. And from a cost management standpoint, we've identified what we
need to do based on the assumptions that we shared with you today. And of
course, we'll continue to evaluate additional opportunities as more information
becomes apparent throughout the remainder of the quarter.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Excellent. And then
sorry, if I can just push on this further. You talk -- in your '20 guidance,
you have both retail customer growth of 2% at the midpoint and other normal
retail sales volumes growing at 1% to 2%. Can you talk about how you achieve
that today? And again, I don't want to fixate too much on that sales side
because I know you're talking about the cost, obviously, when you say extended
back there. Can you just clarify this further? How do you think about a line of
sight to getting there? Or are you taking them out today? And I know it's early
about sort of taking, let's say, that $13 million at the midpoint from own net
savings and kind of taking it, ratcheting down that initial set of sales
numbers and think about the net of that $13 million, that's the new (inaudible)
that you were talking about for the year? Or is that too simplistic?

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Yes. So you're right in terms of the
guidance range for customer growth, sales growth. Keep in mind for Q1, as we
stated, we saw weather-normalized sales growth of 0.8%. I'll tell you, prior to
effects of COVID, we saw 1% to 2% weather-normalized sales growth. And in fact,
the first couple of weeks in March, it actually jumped up to 2% to 3% weather
normalized. But the way I would look at it is we believe fundamentals in our
service territories still remain strong for growth. Wouldn't be able to predict
whether they return to the original guidance levels, but we certainly expect
that there's going to be help from growth in the balance of the year when the
economy normalizes to be able to offset some element of the COVID impacts.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: And Julien, just qualitatively, when you
look at also beyond 2020, I mean, the state is very focused on looking at how
to pivot the economic development strategy, and that's been something that
we've been very involved with, is helping to recruit commercial customers and
helping to recruit additional high-load-factor consumers into the service
territory. And I think as you begin to look at some of the potential changes on
supply chain, wanting to bring supply chain closer to home, potential patterns
of people who are looking to move from higher-population-density areas, there is
a lot of good, I think, long-term focus that the economic development folks
here, both at the state level and within some of the larger companies, are
really working to try to capitalize on. So obviously, not going to affect 2020.
But when you look at some of the long-term patterns, I think it's going to
still be consistent with what we've seen, which is that we'll see both the
customer growth. And if we can get the higher-load-factor manufacturing
industrial customers, then we'll see sales growth as well.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: So just to
follow up on the regulatory stuff, which is numerous, I guess, and not that
easy for me to follow. There is this, I think, some sort of proposal associated
with the rate freeze. And I was wondering, I was -- I assume that's a deferral.
Is that correct, that, I mean, if there was some sort of rate freeze that was
enacted, that -- it wasn't clear to me whether or not there is sort of like
it's a deferral. In other words, it'd be for future collection after COVID or
something like that. Am I understanding that correct?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. I think all that's been out really
on that right now, and I'll ask Barbara to clarify if she wants, there's been a
conversation about what are different things that could be done. So there isn't
a rate freeze in place right now. As you noted, typically, when that's done,
you would put a deferral mechanism in place in doing that. But that's only been
at the conceptual level right now, and it hasn't really gotten into that much
detail. Anything to add, Barbara?

BARBARA D. LOCKWOOD, SVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE COMPANY: Yes. Paul, this is Barbara Lockwood. There was some discussion
around that generally. It didn't really get any traction at the recent open
meeting. And it was discussed basically in conjunction with any sort of
accounting orders. Jeff mentioned earlier there's been some conversation around
different mechanisms. But the decision that was made this week was to refund
the $36 million that was a part of our DSM fund that was unallocated dollars,
and that was the relief that they chose to provide to customers this week.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. Great. And then on the sort of the
general rate case and sort of this -- I guess the sort of continuing review of
the most economical plan and customer adoption and what have you, is it safe to
say that probably, there's not going to be a lot of action before the rate case
at this point in time? In other words, the -- it would seem to me that due to
the fact that you got a rate case going on, that would be sort of the -- where,
if anything, would probably be done in terms of resolving that? Is that an
appropriate way of thinking about it?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: I think what -- so what's happening
right now on the most economical plan is we've put into place a bill comparison
tool that appears now on every customer's bill that identifies whether they're
on the most economical plan and, if not, what they would save, both on a month
and then on an annual basis, from that plan. So the intent is to provide its
customers as much information as we can about whether they're on the most
economical plan or not. We have some experience in this area having had demand
and time of use rates for like 40 years. And in many cases, we know customers,
for whatever reason, don't choose to be on the most economical plan. They
choose to be on a plan that they want to be on. And so there's been discussion
about how we make sure we're educating and trying to encourage customers to
move to that most economical plan, and we've been briefing the commission
monthly on progress there that's likely to be discussed in the rate case. But
that's really the connection between the most economical rate discussion and
the ongoing rate case. Does that help?

PAUL PATTERSON: Yes, it does. I mean I followed your
compliance filing recently and some of the discussion around it. I guess all I
was wondering is it seemed -- I mean, I guess there wasn't that much adoption,
I guess, or that much change in people on the most economical plan. So I was
just wondering, if it was to be addressed that way, it would make sense to me
that, and I'm just wondering if I'm being logical here, that the commission is
probably not going to take action in terms of trying to change that
regulatorily. If they do make an effort, it would probably have done a rate
case if that were to happen. Does that make sense?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. I think that you would change -- in
terms of a rate design change or anything, that would have to happen in a rate
case. I mean the conversation of whether you would default people to their most
economical plan, which is something Sacramento did, for example, that's not
something we had proposed. We want to give customers a choice here, but those
are likely to be discussed in the rate case.

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Yes. I'd just add, too, that when we're
defining most economic plan, that could mean that if one plan's $1 more savings
than another, it's more economical. And so oftentimes, with the information
that we're sharing to our customers on the bottom of the bill, they may look at
it and see the difference between their current plan and the most economic is so
de minimis it's not worth going through a change, and yet they're still
classified as potentially not being on their most economic plan. So it's
difficult to read too much into the proportion of customers that are or are
not.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: On tax rate, noticed the -- I had a power failure, but if my
memory serves me, 14%, 13% for this -- is your guidance for this year, and that
didn't change, yet there was some benefit in the CARES Act, correct? Does that
not impact the effective tax rate? Or is it just something you've elected not
to change at this point after only the first quarter?

THEODORE N. GEISLER: No. There's no recent change that
impacts our guidance for what you said, correct, 14% effective tax rate.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Okay. And then it sounds like on your
discussion of CapEx for 2020 you did delay some projects, but you anticipate
catching up on that because you didn't change your CapEx guidance for 2020.

THEODORE N. GEISLER: Yes. No plans to change CapEx, and
there's been no material projects that have been changed. We may have shifted
some nonessential work activities. Certainly, we're working with homebuilders,
et cetera, to the extent that their timing or volume changes. But we've got
other opportunities on the list that the organization would love to be able to
get a head start on that could fill in that gap. So we're sticking with our
current CapEx plan for the year.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Okay. Last question. The COVID-19 extra
expense due to that you said the commission elected not to vote on at the last
meeting, when do you anticipate it being voted on?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: It's just up for further discussion
right now. So there isn't a time line. It's just something that was raised.
They didn't vote it out on the last discussion. I can't tell you whether
they're going to vote it out on the next discussion, but it's still and -- if
they're still talking about it.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

STEFANIE A. LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050820a13102175.775










 EXECUTIVES (95%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS
(79%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); MORN (NASDAQ) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911
ELECTRIC SERVICES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%); NAICS523920
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (84%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (84%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (84%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(84%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%);
NAICS511120 PERIODICAL PUBLISHERS (72%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL SERVICES
(72%); SIC2721 PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING (72%);
UTILITIES INDUSTRY (99%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (94%); ENERGY & UTILITIES
(91%); NATURAL GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); SECURITIES & OTHER
INVESTMENTS (91%); BANKING & FINANCE (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%);
HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PERIODICAL PUBLISHING (90%);
PUBLISHING (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE ENERGY (77%); ENERGY & UTILITY TRADE
(77%); NUCLEAR ENERGY (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); INFORMATION
MANAGEMENT (74%); INTERNET & WWW (71%)










 UNITED STATES (92%); NORTH AMERICA (79%)










 June 7, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
1, 2019 Wednesday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 5536 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel T. Froetscher

Arizona Public Service Company - EVP of Operations

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - EVP of Public Policy

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD and Head of Power & Utilities Research

* Insoo Kim

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity
Research Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

* Steven Isaac Fleishman

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD & Senior Utilities Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation 2019 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you, you may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter
earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers today
will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield.

Jeff Guldner, APS' President; and Daniel Froetscher, APS'
Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us.

First I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along
with our earnings release and related information.

Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain
non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain
forward-looking statements based on current expectations, and the company
assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may
differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance
on these statements.

Our first quarter 2019 Form 10-Q was filed this morning.
Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements cautionary
language as well as Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
May 8. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. 2019 has started off in line with our expectations, and we remain well
positioned for a solid year.

Before Jim discusses the details of our first quarter
results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and operational
developments.

On April 9, Chief Administrative Law Judge Jane Rodda issued
a Recommended Opinion and Order, or ROO as we call it, in the customer
complaint docket. The ROO states that the customer complaint should be
dismissed. The ROO also recommends that in the next rate review, APS,
commission staff and other stakeholders collaborate on better ways to
communicate the bill impacts to residential customers.

The ROO suggests that any further issues concerning the
reasonableness of APS' rates or the adequacy of its customer education and
outreach program be considered in the current rate review docket.

The current rate review docket was opened by the commission
in January to review APS' 2018 books and records and to, excuse me, determine
whether APS has earned more than it's allowed return.

As we have mentioned on our fourth quarter 2018 earnings
call, our 2018 ACC jurisdictional return on equity was 9.5%, which is less than
the authorized 10% ROE.

Commission staff is in the process of reviewing our 2018
financial information, and I'll provide the commissioners with the report at
the conclusion of their review. While the commission staff had originally been
targeting a May 3 deadline for their report, the staff indicated during the open
meeting on April 23 and 24 that they may need some additional time.

Lastly, the commission approved our second refund to
customers from federal tax reform. Starting April 1, we began passing an
additional $86 million back to customers.

Together with the first $119 million in savings approved in
2018, customers will receive more than a $200 million rate decrease. The third
and final tax refund request was filed with the commission on April 10 and is
currently awaiting approval.

If approved, TEAM Phase 3 will return an additional $34
million to customers annually for the first 3 years. The tax reform reductions
combined with additional savings from lower fuel costs are expected to lower
bills $14 per month or $168 a year for the average residential customer compared
to 1 year ago.

Turning to our operations. Palo Verde Generating Station had
another successful quarter, operating above a 100% capacity factor. A planned
refueling and maintenance outage for Palo Verde Unit 1 began on April 6.

Additionally, the Ocotillo Modernization Project is on
budget and scheduled to have all 5 units in service by this summer.

On August 1, we plan to file our preliminary Integrated
Resource Plan, which includes a 15-year forecast of electricity demand and the
resources needed to serve our customers reliably in the future.

We're currently engaging with a wide variety of stakeholders
to gather input and ideas prior to our preliminary filing. The final IRP will
be filed with the commission in April of 2020.

An important part of our forecast will be increasing the
integration of clean energy resources and technology in an economically
responsible manner.

Clean energy resources not only reduce our carbon intensity,
they also reduce O&M and fuel cost for customers.

Similar to the bill savings from tax reform, these
reductions will allow us to continue investing in technology and grid
enhancements necessary to support additional clean energy while maintaining
customer bills at an affordable level.

As you know, in February, we announced the addition of
nearly a gigawatt of new clean energy projects. Consistent with this plan, in
April, we issued a request for proposal for 59 megawatts of storage that will
be added to our existing Chino Valley and Red Rock Solar Plants. Both projects
are expected to be in service in 2021.

We also issued a request for proposal for a new 100-megawatt
solar facility, paired with 100 megawatts of battery storage, to be in service
in 2021.

Lastly, I'd like to provide an update on the equipment
failures that occurred on April 19 at our McMicken substation battery storage
facility.

During the response to this incident, firefighters from
Surprise and Peoria, Arizona, were injured. Our hearts go out to the injured
firefighters.

We greatly appreciate their hard work and bravery in
responding to this event. An investigation with APS first responder
representatives and third-party engineering and safety experts is underway. A
thorough investigation will help us determine the cause of the failure.

We have no reason to believe there are any safety issues
with similar energy storage facilities. However, we will use the findings from
the investigation to ensure all our facilities are safe moving forward.

In addition, we will continue with our plans to add clean
energy projects to our system, including pairing storage with solar resources.
Energy storage is a breakthrough technology, helping to solve challenges and
create new opportunities for additional clean energy resources.

In closing, we are delivering on our commitments and
continue to be well positioned for long-term growth. We're focused on
operational excellence while solidifying Pinnacle West as a sustainable leader
through strategic clean energy investments. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don and thank you again, everyone, for joining
us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the first quarter
of 2019.

As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the first quarter
of 2019, we earned $0.16 per share compared to $0.03 per share in the first
quarter of 2018.

Higher adjusted gross margin and lower adjusted operating
and maintenance expenses were the key positive drivers during the quarter.

Adjusted gross margin was up $0.14 per share compared to the
prior year first quarter period. Favorable weather was a positive $0.14 gross
margin impact during the quarter, driven by the second coldest February in the
last 40 years.

Higher adjusted gross margin was also supported by a shift
in the seasonality of revenue. The positive drivers were partially offset by
lower transmission revenue and lower other gross margin. As Don mentioned, TEAM
Phase 2 was approved by the commission and was implemented beginning on April
1.

The impact of TEAM Phase 2 is expected to be earnings
neutral as both the timing of the refund and the offsetting income tax benefit
will be recognized based on our seasonal sales pattern.

Sales net of energy efficiency and distributed generation
were up 1% in the quarter compared to the prior year first quarter period. As
we mentioned last year, we expect to see the headwinds from energy efficiency
and distributed generation decline, which will likely narrow the difference
between customer growth and retail sales growth going forward.

Continuing with the drivers, lower adjusted operations and
maintenance expenses increased earnings $0.09 per share, primarily due to lower
planned outage costs. Partially offsetting the positive earnings drivers were
higher depreciation and amortization expenses due to plant additions and lower
pension and other post-retirement non-service credits due to lower market
returns.

As we look ahead to the remainder of 2019, we remain focused
on achieving long-term benefits for customers and investors. We have a track
record of cost management discipline, and we are taking the next steps in
becoming a lean-principled organization.

We are committed to identifying new ways of working and
strengthening our lean and digital capabilities in order to create cost
reduction opportunities to keep customer rates affordable over the long term.

Turning now to the Arizona economy. Metro Phoenix continues
to show strong job growth and has consistently been among the national average.
Through February of 2019, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3.1% over 2018
compared to 1.8% for the entire U.S. Job growth remains strong in the
construction and manufacturing sectors, a sign of strength in the regional
economy.

Construction employment increased by 10.3% and manufacturing
employment increased by 4.3%. We expect a continuation of business expansion
and the related job growth to continue to support commercial and economic
development.

In particular, we have had several recent announcements of
companies moving to the West side of the Metro Phoenix area. Red Bull announced
they will build a 700,000 square-feet facility in Glendale, and milk
distributor Fairlife plans to build a 300,000 square-foot distribution facility
in Goodyear. After announcements from Stream Data Centers and Vantage Data
Centers regarding plans to build in the West Valley, Microsoft recently
confirmed their plans to build world-class data center facilities on 2 new
sites in Goodyear. Phoenix was also ranked the second-most active market in
data center leasing in 2018 according to CBRE's latest U.S. data center trends
report.

The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also
continued its upward post-recession trend.

In 2019, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an
increase of about 2,800 compared to 2018, driven by single-family permits.

We believe that solid job and income growth and relatively
low mortgage rates should allow the Phoenix Metro housing market, and the
economy more generally, to continue to expand faster than the national average.

Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions,
APS' retail customer base grew 1.9% in the first quarter of 2019. We expect
that this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic
growth trends I just discussed.

Importantly, long-term fundamentals supporting future
population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in
place.

According to the U.S. Census data, Maricopa County ranked #1
in the U.S. for population growth for the third straight year, and we believe
Phoenix will remain one of the country's fastest-growing large metropolitan
areas.

Switching to our financing activities. On February 26, APS
entered into a $200 million unsecured term loan facility that matures on August
26, 2020.

On February 28, APS issued $300 million of 30-year 4.25%
senior unsecured notes. The proceeds were used to repay the $500 million of
8.75% senior notes at maturity. We continue to expect to issue up to $450
million of long-term debt at APS during the remainder of 200 -- 2019.

Overall, liquidity remains strong. Turning to guidance. We
continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 will be in the
range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share.

A complete list of the key factors and assumptions underlying
our guidance is included on Slide 6 and 7 of the materials. This concludes our
prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for
questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD AND HEAD OF POWER &
UTILITIES RESEARCH, EVERCORE ISI INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: So
I see all of the underlying short-, medium- and long-term guidance drivers are
the same as Q4. But I did notice that you've extended the planned outage
schedule for Cholla on Page 10 of the presentation. Can you explain what's
going on there? And why that's not having an impact on your O&M or moving
you around on the guidance range in any material way, I would hope?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER, EVP OF OPERATIONS, ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE COMPANY: Yes, Greg, it's Daniel Froetscher. Thanks for the question.
When we opened up the generator in Cholla at the outset of our planned outage,
we discovered some rubbing and erosion elements that affected rotor vibrations,
and in essence had to remove that rotor, ship it offsite, get it recalibrated
and balanced, and it's due to be back on site later this week. The outage was
originally scheduled for 46 days, it will go to approximately 79 days. And the
reality is at this time of year, based on its anticipated running profile
anyway, there will not be an increase to overall fossil O&M.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Great. Second question, I know that
we fought the war to end all wars on rooftop solar several years ago in terms
of getting a balanced decision on net metering. But I saw news yesterday that
Tesla, the artist formerly known as SolarCity, significantly cut -- is
significantly cutting the cost of its rooftop solar installations. I know it's
only been a day, but do you have any sense of whether or not that might allow
them to increase or slow the deceleration of their penetration under the
current rate structure in Arizona?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Sunrun has probably been the leader in
our service territory over the last 18 months or so. And so it's hard to say
what that will do at this point in time.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with Goldman Sachs.

INSOO KIM, EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Apologies, I was on mute. Just going back to the
Cholla plant. I know you guys are potentially looking into the conversion of
one of the units to biomass. Could -- any detail you could provide on timing or
scale of such a conversion? And my second related question is, why are you only
considering the conversion of one of the units as opposed to the remaining
couple?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: Yes. Thanks for the question. Again,
it's Daniel Froetscher. We have just taken an exploratory look at converting
potentially Cholla 1 to biomass. We've engaged the services of a third-party
engineering and design firm, invested in that exploratory look over the last 60
to 75 days. And in relatively short order, it should be coming forth with
summary of that analysis, and a discussion at the Arizona Corporation
Commission then about whether that appears to be the right approach to take for
our customers and our companies, so asking you to be patient a little bit
longer.

In terms of only the 1 unit versus Unit 1 and 3, frankly,
there is an existing biomass plant within which APS is the off-taker in
northern Arizona. There is some level of uncertainty about long-term contracts
for harvesting the biomass and slash from the Northern Arizona forest to
support multiple, multiple biomass plants, and so we're taking a conservative
approach. Additionally, there are some gas pipeline issues that would prevent
Cholla from being converted to anything larger than a Unit 1 conversion of
about 60 to 70 megawatts.

INSOO KIM: Got it. And then maybe switching to guidance a
little bit. In your 2019 guidance, do you incorporate the Four Corners SCR
investment recovery and return to go into effect sometime in this year,
potentially mid-2019?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. So our guidance considered an
earlier 2019 implementation date. We'll continue to look at guidance throughout
the year. But I don't believe that guidance will change. As we continue the
deferral, that offsets most of the costs of the SCR, so we should be good
within our original guidance.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: I see that in the CapEx forecast, there's a
little bit more clean generation of CapEx planned for 2020. It looks like some
of the buckets have changed a little bit. Maybe you can just talk about what
that's from. And what's happening since the last -- since the fourth quarter
report?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Nothing has really changed. We've just
trued up the cash flows over those years as we got a better understanding of
how all the cash flows will work.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Okay. And after -- I guess, once we get
the staff report, the ROO, eventually it's -- assuming it's -- I guess it might
be delayed. But I guess officially right now it's still May 3, is that correct?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: No. Michael, this is Jeff. So there was discussion at the
last open meeting, I think Don mentioned it. There was discussion at the last
open meeting where staff indicated that they were not likely to make that May 3
date. And so we expect -- I don't have great visibility on when it's coming
out. But it's -- I would expect this will probably come out later in May.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: And could you kind of explain what
actions -- what are the possible choices that the commission have -- has after
that? Like what happens at the ACC level once that report comes out?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Well, they will issue the report. So one
of the questions is what open meeting will it be synced to. There is an open
meeting May 21 and 22. Given the time for exceptions and such, it will be
challenging to see it making that open meeting, And there's an opening moving
June 11 and 12. When they issue their Recommended Opinion and Order, all
parties have an opportunity to file exceptions to that. Part of the discussion
that had been in that process was what are the remedies, and I think that would
be my opinion, more future focus, so things to address on the next rate case.
But you got to see what the staff report says.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Perhaps just to come back to where Michael just left it off,
if you can. Can you talk a little bit more about the time line here as you see
it, more for the Four Corners step up. And then also if I can go back to
Insoo's question. How do you think about offsetting factors here for guidance
depending on the time line for Four Corners to get done, especially if it's pushed
out from June into July or whatever? And I'm thinking here about O&M cost
cuts or anything else that, again, as you think about like affirming the 2019
outlook specifically here. I know a number of different questions there, so
I'll let you take it at each point.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, Julien, it's Jeff. Let me start
with the sequencing. So you've got the customer complaint case, Recommended
Opinion and Order came out on that, recommended dismissing the complaint. There
-- that was discussed, but not voted on at the last open meeting. And so then
you have got the rate review, and so we would expect the ROO to come out next
month or so. The timing of that -- so I don't know whether the customer
complaint is going to go on the May open meeting, or whether that would get
pushed to potentially coincide with the rate review at a subsequent open
meeting. And again, all that will then drive what happens with the SCR
decision? And will they all be on an open meeting? Or will there be some
sequencing between there? Just don't have visibility to that, but from a timing
standpoint, that's what I look at.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: And then on your last question, Julien, I
mean when I look through the guidance through the course of the year, we will
manage within the bandwidths of all the factors of guidance. So again, I don't
expect a delay will cause us to rethink guidance, at least at this point.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: And sorry, just to clarify
that. When you say at least at this point, that's contemplating a delay
potentially into this July time frame. Or actually, how do you even think about
the time frame? And is there a relationship between this ROO and just getting
this Four Corners step-up done at this point?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think we look at a range of timing of
the SCR ROO. I'm still very comfortable with our guidance.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Clarifying a few of the points made already. First, on the staff
audit on the -- on the returns calculation, are there certain adjustments that
they make that may be different of -- to the way you calculate that? Because if
I heard you right, you guys have already run the math and you didn't see yourself
overearning. But is there a different math that staff likely goes through than
the way you've done it?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Ali, it's Jeff. I don't know. They'll
come out with a staff report, and we do -- when we do rate cases, you do pro
forma adjustments and things, but we'll have to see in the staff report.

ALI AGHA: I see. And then Jim, coming back just again to get
a perspective on this Four Corners step-up, and you said there is deferred cost
obviously, currently, that are out there as well. So on a net basis, can you
just give us a sense of what the impact is of this Four Corners step-up net of
deferred cost?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, all the costs are deferred. So your
deferral balance gets bigger as you go through the year.

ALI AGHA: Right. So when you do get the step-up, in other
words, what's was kind of embedded in guidance in terms of the net EPS impact?
How should we think about that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I would think about it as the deferral
covers the -- your cost, and so until the step goes into effect, you're just
deferring all the costs and not a significant financial impact.

ALI AGHA: I get that. But I'm saying, assuming this all
plays out, I mean is this a net $0.10 pickup or $0.05 pickup? I mean just to
get a sense of magnitude, the way you're thinking about it.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: It's in guidance.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Okay. And then my final question, can you
just remind us again on your current thinking on when to file the next rate
case? And when, at the earliest, do you think you may need to issue external
equity at this point?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So right now, our plans are June 1, 2020,
and as we've said in the past, we're considering issuing equity sometime this
year. But it won't be a -- it will be a modest amount, so...

ALI AGHA: So sometime this year, but a modest amount?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, we're considering sometime this
year, but whatever we issue will be a modest amount. It's really to top off the
capital structure.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman
with Wolfe Research.

STEVEN ISAAC FLEISHMAN, MD & SENIOR UTILITIES ANALYST,
WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Don, just a question on the battery fire and just -- I
think in some of the articles I read that there's been some of these maybe
overseas. So I'm just kind of curious, what is -- of some of the ones that have
occurred elsewhere, what have generally been the reason for it? And just do you
have any sense of what can be done differently to make sure these don't happen
in the future?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes. Thanks, Steve. I don't think we have
a lot of data on the fires overseas. I think they've been a variety of
different causes. And it's just far too preliminary to even speculate on what
happened. We're not quite sure if it was fire or explosion or both. Very early.
I think it was just last Monday that the experts got into the field, so to
speak, where it was secured and safe to begin the inspection, and we think it's
going to be at least a couple of weeks to do the postmortem on it.

STEVEN ISAAC FLEISHMAN: Okay. And so I mean, I assume -- I
mean, obviously, this is a big new sector, and having something like this
happen kind of not -- it's kind of important. I mean are you seeing like a lot
of people take a look at this from well beyond kind of your -- just the company
involved?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes, yes, I think the industry is taking a
look at it, and obviously, we're getting a lot of questions what happened. But
the technology is not extremely complex, identifying what the issues in this
specific instance was and to make sure that doesn't recur. I don't think it's
anything systemic relative to the design or the industry as a whole. We still
have full confidence in going forward on our clean energy projects, including
pairing batteries with solar resources, so we don't have doubts there. I mean
some glitch happened, and we're going to run it to ground to make sure it's not
anyplace else on our system. And I think the industry will be looking to make
sure it's not anyplace else.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: Just sort
of back on the Champion complaint case. When I was listening to one of the -- I
guess it was last week, the hearing, it seemed that there was some discussion
that -- I think it was like 56% of customers were not on the economically
optimal rate plan. And I think it was Commissioner Olson seemed to suggest the
idea of placing customers sort of as a default on the economic -- on a plan that
would be economically optimal for them, since the education seems to be sort of
a challenge here. And I was just wondering, do we have a sense as to what the
potential revenue impact of that might be? Or just your general thoughts about
that approach.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Paul this is Jeff. So the
complexity with that, I think this was talked about at the hearing, was that
the settling parties in that underlying rate case agreed on a framework where
the customer would move on to the most like rate. And so there was a lot of
customer outreach to try to encourage customers to move on to the best rate,
but because of the -- this is -- we're ahead of the rest of the country, I
think, in residential rate design. And so a lot of the things that we're working
through here are going to be important in how you do this in other places, and
so that was one of them. But the parties initially to the settlement said we
think we should move customers to the most like, most similar rate structure,
not necessarily the one that is best for them. And so what I think you'll see
in this and the rate review case is a fair amount of attention on that: How do
you focus on the customer education piece of this? And then how you factor that
into revenue, you have to look at that in subsequent cases.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. But I guess what I'm -- what it
sounded to me like, when I listened to it, was that just in general, because of
the complexity of this and because of the sort of the response that we've seen,
the fact that we've got this complaint case, et cetera, it seemed to me that
they were looking sort of perhaps beyond the idea of educating customers. They
simply are going for a default rate that would be economically optimal. Do you
follow what I'm saying? And I'm just wondering if that did happen, do we have a
sense what that would mean from a revenue impact? Do you follow what I'm
saying? If they were to take it...

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Yes. No, I don't. Again, my guess
is that would be in a subsequent case.

PAUL PATTERSON: You don't think it would be as part of this
complaint case?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: I don't know, but I don't think so.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Don, in your opening remarks, I believe you said as part of
the next round of IRP process, you would forecast demand to 2035. And then if
memory serves me, the last time you went through this, you were talking a 30%
increase by 2030 in customer demand. I would think with what's going on over
the last 5 years with respect to the Phoenix economy, with respect to the rate
design that is now more balanced between utility-scale renewables as well as
rooftop, is it fair to assume that, that number is going to -- is not going to
be lower, and it could even go a little higher as far as a 15-year growth rate?

DONALD E. BRANDT: That's a good observation, Charles. I hate
to front-run our work on the IRP, even the preliminary IRP, but the economy here
in Arizona is really humming on all cylinders. You don't even have to do a
study. You can just drive around, all the cranes and the excavation and
building going on, both commercial, industrial, residential. So it wouldn't
surprise me to see longer-term growth rates higher than they were last time
around.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I will now turn the floor back to management for closing comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you all for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050119a12456491.791










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (75%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); PUBLIC POLICY (72%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); STI (NYSE) (72%);
MORN (NASDAQ) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113 NUCLEAR
ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC
POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911 ELECTRIC SERVICES (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (72%); SIC6712
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS
(72%); NAICS511120 PERIODICAL PUBLISHERS (72%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL
SERVICES (72%); SIC2721 PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING
(72%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (99%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (94%); BANKING &
FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); ENERGY & UTILITIES (92%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); NATURAL GAS &
ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%);
NEW ISSUES (90%); PERIODICAL PUBLISHING (90%); PUBLISHING (90%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%);
ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE ENERGY (76%); ENERGY & UTILITY TRADE (76%);
NUCLEAR ENERGY (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (75%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%);
REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%); INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (72%); INTERNET & WWW
(69%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 May 10, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

November
7, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 4759 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP of Public
Policy & Director

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD and Head of Power & Utilities Research

* Insoo Kim

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter
earnings, recent developments and operating performance.

Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt;
and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS' President; and Daniel Froetscher,
APS' Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us. First, I
need to cover a few details with you. The slides that we will be using are
available on our Investor Relations website. Along with our earnings release
and related information.

Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain
non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking
statements based on our current expectations, and the company assumes no
obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ
materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on
these statements.

Our third quarter 2019 Form 10-Q was filed this morning,
please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary
language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be
available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be
available by telephone through November 14.

I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. Our operating performance and financial management remain in line with
our expectations for the year. As you know, weather provided significantly
below average revenue in the second quarter and was mild in the third quarter.
Before Jim discusses the impacts of weather on our expectations for 2019 and
details of our third quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on current
regulatory and operational developments. The 2019 summer season was
successfully completed by focusing on our core priorities, delivering safe,
clean, reliable and affordable energy.

June began with relatively mild temperatures, which for
resource planning meant heavy imports from California renewables and watching
for overgeneration during the midday hours, while July and August had 23 days
over 110 degrees. It was the driest summer in the last 20 years, with less than
1 inch of rain between June and the end of September. The lack of humidity can
impact peak demand, which was 7,270 megawatts in 2019, following 200 megawatts
short of the 2018 peak. Our evaluation of the McMicken substation battery
storage facility equipment failure is ongoing.

The fire occurred on one rack containing 14 battery modules.
The rack that experienced the fire has been disassembled and was shipped to a
forensic lab in Michigan where it's undergoing a series of tests. While we
remain committed to our investments in energy storage, it's imperative that we
move forward safely. We expect that more specifics on what a safer path forward
looks like should be available by the end of this year or early 2020.

Turning to our regulatory updates. We filed a rate case on
October 31, 2019. Key components of the filing include a 10.15% return on
equity, a 1% return on the fair value increment, 54.7% equity layer and 12
months of posttest year plant. We've requested an increase in annual revenue of
$184 million. This includes $73 million for the 4 corners selective catalytic
reduction project that is the subject of a separate ACC proceeding. We proposed
that new rates go into effect on December 1, 2020. The rate case filing
highlights technology-driven programs, we're already pursuing on behalf of our
customers, including our participation in the western energy imbalance market.

Our participation in this market not only provides greater
ability to manage our grid and the intermittent resources in our service
territory, it also provides access to the increasing availability of
negative-priced energy. Our customers have realized gross savings of over $120
million during the 3 years, EPS has been a member of EIM. In further support of
our customers, our filing contains 3 proposals to benefit the most vulnerable.
We propose increasing funding for our Crisis Bill Assistant (sic) [Assistance]
program from $1.25 million to $2.5 million annually, expanding the ways in
which customers may enroll in our limited income, bill discount program and
deferring costs for our bill discount program, allowing for expanded program
growth.

We're also responding to customers by proposing a flat bill
pilot program. This subscription rate will offer customers an option to be
billed the same amount each month similar to an unlimited use cell phone plan.
Programs like this demonstrate our commitment to increase customer choice and
provide options that fit our customers' lifestyles.

In addition, we have heard the commission's request for
transparency in our financial status on a more frequent basis. In response, we
have proposed an alternative formula rate concept for the commission's
consideration. The benefits of a formula rate in addition to the annual
transparency and accountability include annual earnings calibration, annual ACC
approval, a reduction in the need for adjustor mechanisms and rate gradualism
for customers. The commission has a number of other open dockets, including
final disconnection, rules and retail choice. We anticipate another retail
competition workshop may be scheduled in December or in early 2020 to continue
evaluating the complexities of retail choice.

In the disconnection rules docket, commission staff has
proposed draft rules for the commissioners to consider. We do not know the
timing or next steps in this docket.

On October 29, the commission approved our third tax expense
adjustor mechanism filing, refunding, another $103 million to customers.
Including this third filing refunds to our retail customers from Federal Tax
Reform will total $547 million by the end of 2020, allowing us to continue
investing in the system, while keeping bills affordable.

Earlier this year, I announced my retirement date of
November 15. While I look forward to what's ahead, I can't say enough about the
immense pride I have in the performance of this company over my tenure. The
strength of our team and the dedication of our people drive our success, and I
have no doubt that success will continue under Jeff's leadership.

I wish you all the best, and I'll now turn the call over to
Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you again, everyone, for joining
us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the third quarter
of 2019. We earned $2.77 per share in the third quarter of 2019 compared to
$2.80 per share in the third quarter of 2018. A reconciliation of the earnings
drivers can be found on Slide 3 of the materials. Given the impact year-to-date
from below normal weather, we would not expect to hit the lower end of the
$4.75 to $4.95, 2019 guidance range.

As illustrated on Slide 26, through the end of the third
quarter of 2019, weather decreased gross margin, a total of $24 million or
$0.16 per share. October sales are also below expectations due, in part, to
another month of mild weather.

For the full year 2019, we expect a negative weather impact
will be partially offset by lower O&M and the approval of the TEAM 3
refund. As we look ahead to 2020, we will continue to enhance our customer and
shareholder value through our cost management discipline. We have a long track
record of managing our costs and continuous improvement. The customer
affordability effort challenges our employees to find ways to work better and
more efficiently, challenge bureaucracy and eliminate unnecessary work in our
daily operations, all of which are based on lean principles. Just working
harder will not get us there. We must find different and better ways to get the
job done and cost savings will result. Although we are in the early stages of
the customer affordability initiative, we have identified $20 million of
potential O&M savings that will serve as a positive driver in 2020.

We are introducing 2020 guidance of $4.75 to $4.95 per
share. Given the rate case outcome is unlikely to materially impact 2020
earnings, there are no assumptions regarding a rate case outcome incorporated
into the guidance range. Positive drivers for 2020 include lower O&M, sales
growth, higher transmission revenue and the Ocotillo deferral.

We expect our O&M will decrease approximately $25
million from 2019 to 2020. The main drivers for lower O&M include the
closure of the Navajo Generating Station, reductions from our customer
affordability initiative and lower planned outage expense. We expect these drivers
will be partially offset by an increase in expense associated with revised
disconnect policies, higher depreciation and amortization, higher property
taxes, higher interest expense and lower AFUDC.

We currently estimate that the disconnection moratorium and
revised policies could result in a decrease of approximately $20 million to $30
million of pretax income in 2020, depending upon certain assumptions, including
customer behavior. The estimated effective tax rate of 14% for 2020 reflects
benefits associated with the amortization of $45 million in excess deferred
taxes associated with the TEAM 2 and TEAM 3 filings. These effective tax rate
benefits are substantially offset by the refunds provided to customers as part
of the team filings.

Going forward, we will need a modest amount of equity to
support the growth in clean energy investments our customers want, while
supporting our strong equity layer. We will continue to evaluate our equity
needs, including the form and timing of any issuances as our capital
expenditure plans progress.

We expect to issue $300 million of long-term debt at APS
during the remainder of 2019. This may include a portion of our funding needs
for the refinancing of the APS $250 million, 2.2% senior notes, which mature in
January 2020. We also expect to issue up to $1 billion of term debt at APS and
$450 million at Pinnacle West during 2020.

Overall, liquidity remains strong. A complete list of
factors and assumptions underlying our 2019 and 2020 guidance can be found on
Slides 5 through 7. In addition to our cost management, we stand to benefit
from organic growth in our service territory as a result of economic
development. According to the Arizona Technology Council's quarterly impact
report, Arizona's tech sector is growing at a rate 40% faster than the U.S.
overall. The Metro Phoenix area continues to show strong job growth and has
consistently been above the national average.

Through August of 2019, employment in Metro Phoenix
increased 3% as compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. Construction employment in
Metro Phoenix increased by 10.8% and manufacturing employment increased by 5%.
The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also continued its upward
trend.

In 2019, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an
increase of about 2,900 compared to 2018, driven by single-family permits.
Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS' retail customer
base grew 2.1% in the third quarter of 2019. So we expect that this growth rate
will continue to accelerate in response to the economic trends I just
discussed.

In closing, our long-term rate base growth outlook remains
at 6% to 7%, and we expect to achieve a weather-normalized annual consolidated
earned return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2020. As
illustrated on Slide 8, our earnings are not linear and will fluctuate from
year-to-year. When we reach the end of a rate case cycle as we will in 2020,
regulatory lag can slow our earnings growth. However, over the long term, the
opportunity to partner with stakeholders across Arizona to build a cleaner
energy future positions us well to continue our track record of success.

And this concludes our prepared remarks. I'll turn the call
back over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: When I look at the slides on Ocotillo and the
Four Corners SCRs, and I think there's a slide in there that shows about $0.07
of EPS reduction full year 2019 impact from Four Corners. It looks like perhaps
the 2 of those things combined in 2020 would be probably about a $0.15 hit. Is
that -- would it be fair to say that, that $0.15 would be restored once the
rate case is finished in 2021?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That would be the math of the combined 2.
We can't predict the optimal rate case, obviously, but those are the 2 big
components of our rate ask.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Got you. And do you have kind of any
thoughts right now on what kinds of equity issuances you might do for the
modest equity that you said you might need going forward? And what the timing
of that might be? Is it a 2020 issue or a 2021 issue?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I don't have any thoughts currently,
Michael.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with Goldman Sachs.

INSOO KIM, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe starting with the economic data that you guys were
pointing out, it seems like there is -- continues to be a lot of growth in
various industries in the commercial/industrial side. Despite that, you now --
you're forecasting the weather-normalized low growth for '21 to be about 50
basis points lower than your prior forecast? Could you just talk a little bit
about the usage trends that you're seeing in the various customer classes?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. So if I look at the -- residential
continues to be strong. The economy is doing very well overall, virtually all
sectors. Our strongest growth in the C&I customer base is being dominated
by warehousing and logistics. Currently, retail stores and malls still appear
to be weak, which is in line with national trends. So from an energy-use perspective,
the rapid growth in warehousing and logistics sector appears to be reducing
average use per customer in the C&I area, still showing growth but a little
weaker than we expected.

INSOO KIM: Understood. And then maybe switching to the rate
case. I think in the past couple of months, there's been conversations about
the treatment of the fair value increment of the rate base. And I just -- I'm
not as familiar with that in terms of -- is that a [PSC statute], is that a
legislative item? Or is that just something that the ACC has discretion on
whether to approve an increment or not?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EXECUTIVE VP OF PUBLIC POLICY &
DIRECTOR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Insoo, it's Jeff. That's actually
part of the Arizona constitution. And so the state is adopted in the
constitution in 1912, a fair value requirement. So it's somewhat unique to
Arizona. And over the years, it's been addressed in a variety of different rate
cases, not all of them, ours. And it really started to have more of a role,
probably 5 or 6 years ago, a lot of rate case context. And so the commission
has been applying it and discussing how to apply the fair value standard since
that time. There just was a workshop on it a few weeks ago. And so there's some
moving parts on it. I don't know exactly how that's going to play out.

INSOO KIM: Okay. But the constitution would state that the
PSC would apply some sort of fair [value] increment to rates?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith
with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So obviously, continue to cut costs in the '20 versus '19.
Can you talk a little bit about how you think about earned returns and
narrowing the gap versus authorized? And I'm really trying to get at how you
think about sort of a post rate case outcome, and continuing to focus on
narrowing that gap, especially in the eventuality of any change in authorized
returns here. And then maybe if I could follow-up on Insoo's question just in
brief. How do you think about the delta in ask here on the fair value piece
just given some of the commentary in other cases between staff?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So Julien, I think in terms of narrowing
the regulatory lag, we have some mechanisms now that work well from a rate
gradualism perspective. Obviously, as an alternative in the case, we proposed
formula rates would just be an annual filing, much like we do at FERC, which we
would need adjusters. And those will be the sort of 2 things we'd look at in
terms of getting faster recovery in terms of the fair value.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. Obviously, on the fair value,
Julien, each case is a little bit different. So if you watch right now in the
Tucson Electric case, they had requested a 1.25% fair value increment and the
staff testimony that got files was a little less than 0.5% increment. There've
been other cases before where the company -- water company didn't get a fair
value increment. But again, that's going to be in the context of that specific
case. And so it is an area that's -- the policy is evolving or at least being
discussed. But it's just a part of the Arizona regulatory framework.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: All right. Fair enough. But
with respect to earned returns, I mean obviously, O&M coming down. I mean
the broad framework, I think you guys have historically talked about is about a
9.5% earned return or better. I suppose, still broadly, even in going to the
future, sticking to that mantra, is there no ability to kind of narrow that
range?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I mean based on where we are now
obviously beyond the rate case outcome, we can't really focus or really say
what that is because we don't -- we can't predict the outcome.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: But we do try to get the delta between
-- you're always going to have some structural disallowances, right? And so you
do try to narrow the delta between the earned and the authorized return. And so
that obviously will continue to be a focus for us.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Excellent. And then
CapEx wise. I know it's a small bump in '20. But how do you think about any
potential to shift that around, obviously, I suppose it was earlier here, you
made a more meaningful shift. Given the pendency of the case, we shouldn't be
expecting anything more meaningful until the termination of that case, right?
Or resolution, rather?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, I think as we're now almost on 2020,
that's -- we have a good plan for '20 and '21, and I wouldn't expect any big
changes currently.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Greg
Gordon with Evercore ISI.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD AND HEAD OF POWER & UTILITIES
RESEARCH, EVERCORE ISI INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: First, Don,
congratulations on the retirement. You've served the customers of your utility
in Arizona very, very well over your tenure and also put up good returns for
shareholders, so well deserved.

DONALD E. BRANDT: Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it, especially
coming from you.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: The -- I've been multitasking here.
So I appreciate and apologize if I missed this, but when looking at the
adjusted gross margin targets for '19 and '20, obviously, they came down a lot
for '19 and the '20 adjusted gross margin target is actually below where you
thought you were initially going to come in, in '19. Your expectations for
weather-normalized retail electric sales volume are lower for this year, but
the same for next year. Can you just go through what you've recalibrated there?
And whether it's just a '19 issue or there's also some uncertainty around where
you think you'll end in '20 given what's happened versus initial expectations
in '19?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, in a response to an earlier
question, we talked about how in the C&I sector due to the customer mix
that we're -- we have now versus historically, we're seeing less [huge] per
customer, that's really around warehousing logistics. And going forward, we
have a slide with some of the other data centers and other things, which are
highly uncertain in terms of timing and exact amounts. So I think we're just
recalibrating to what we're seeing actually in the marketplace.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. And then back on Michael
Weinstein's question. You did -- thank you for putting a slide in the appendix
on the impact this year of not getting the step increase. I think you
annualized that at $0.07. Is it -- will it annualize at a larger number in 2020
before it all gets worked out in the rate case, is that right?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No, that's really the delta between --
you're having it in as rates and earning an equity return versus just a debt
return. And that project will continue to be deferred. There's a -- they're
concurrent ALJ rule out there for that, and that's not going to change. The
impact will be -- it's a noncash return. So you're always -- you're not getting
your cash return, but it's fairly minimal over a 1-year timeframe.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question, just to clarify, I think you mentioned that you're
going to be below the low end of your guidance for this year, can you give us
some calibration of how much lower we should be thinking about just as we think
about finishing this year off?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We'll be below [$475 million]. That's
about as a finest point I can put on at the moment.

ALI AGHA: Okay, Jim. I mean can you -- I know you manage all
your target towards the 9.5% or higher earned return. Any range or numbers we
should think about for '19, when the dust settles?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Then my second question, I think in your
comments, you mentioned in 2020, these revised disconnect policies will hurt
you by about $20 million to $30 million. One, I wanted to confirm I heard that
right? And two, does that impact continue in future years as well?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, you heard it correctly, the impact
based on various assumptions. The reality is we don't have a policy at this
point going forward. So anything beyond the assumption of the number would be a
pure guess at this point. And at some point in the future, those will
ultimately be reflected in rates whenever we end up.

ALI AGHA: I see. So there is some truing up that will happen
in this rate case that's currently pending?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We did do a couple of pro formas in the case
to try to increase our uncollectible expense based on the increase we're seeing
now.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: And Ali, longer term, it'll depend on
what the final rules are. So they're in a rule-making process now on the
disconnect policy, and we're participating in that. And ultimately, it'll be
reflected in what those rules come out with.

ALI AGHA: I see. But just from, I guess, a big-picture point
of view, would we expect that there would be some headwinds from this? Or -- I
mean theoretically, the rules would be such that this would not be an issue
going forward?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: There'll be headwinds until ultimately
you get it reflected in rates, whether that's what we ask for in this case or
down the road based on the final rules, which we don't have yet.

ALI AGHA: I got you. And then lastly, Jim, I just wanted to
confirm, you mentioned the need for some equity or small equity going forward.
But you don't need that for this rate case, right? That 54.7%, that's based on
your actual capital structure? Or does -- is there some equity needed to
calibrate to that level as well?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No. Our capital structure is 54.7% as of
June 30, that's what we filed in the case.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Don, I think I first met you over 20 years ago and sort of
followed you around and the -- or the Board at Pinnacle West certainly made a
great decision when they took you out of St. Louis.

DONALD E. BRANDT: Thanks, Charles.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: The only question I have is effective
tax rate, 14% that you're using in your key factors for next year. Can you give
a little more color on that, Jim? Or -- and what will likely -- I mean I assume
that will rise as we go forward here in the next decade.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, what it is, is it's really a
reflection of the deferred tax flowback through TEAM 3, which really will be
reflected in effective tax rate for the foreseeable future. But based on the
fact that we're giving it back over 27.5 years, roughly.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Okay. So we can -- it will stay at
around this level over the next few years?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: All things equal.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us all today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 110719a12766640.740










 EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); EXECUTIVES (89%); BUSINESS
OPERATIONS (86%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (85%); COMPANY EARNINGS (67%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (64%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (60%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); MORN (NASDAQ)
(72%); STI (NYSE) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED
WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES
(91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS511120 PERIODICAL
PUBLISHERS (72%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL SERVICES (72%); SIC2721
PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING (72%); NAICS551111
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (72%);
SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL
BANKS (72%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); ENERGY & UTILITIES (88%); CONFERENCE
CALLS (86%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (85%); NATURAL GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES
(67%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (67%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (66%); ELECTRIC POWER
INDUSTRY (64%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (63%); WEBCASTS (63%)










 DONALD BRANDT (92%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 November 16, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

November
8, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 4886 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel T. Froetscher

Arizona Public Service Company - EVP of Operations

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew Levi

ExodusPoint Capital Management, LP - Portfolio Manager

* Insoo Kim

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity
Research Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Thomas Ridzon

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division - VP and
Equity Research Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie
Layton, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third quarter
earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today
will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Daniel
Froetscher, APS' Executive Vice President of Operations; and Barbara Lockwood,
APS' Vice President of Regulation, are also here with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along
with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on our current
expectations, and the company assumes no obligation to update these statements.

Because actual results may differ materially from
expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.
Our third quarter 2018 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that
document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the
risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our
disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
November 15.

I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. Throughout this year, our positive customer growth and disciplined cost
management continue to support our ability to meet financial commitments. The
Pinnacle West board also displayed confidence in the company's outlook by
approving a 6.1% dividend increase, effective with the December 2018 payment.

Before Jim discusses the detail of our third quarter results
and guidance, I'll provide several updates on recent operational and regulatory
developments, including the ballot initiative and certain elections. Our
operations team did an excellent job maintaining the generating fleet and
electrical grid again this summer. Our workforce quickly restored service to
customers after several storms toppled a combined 451 poles, which is almost as
many as the 2016 and 2017 summers combined. The Palo Verde generating station
also performed well, with all 3 units operating at a combined 97.3% capacity
status.

To meet customer demand and increase our clean energy mix,
we issued 3 request for proposals this year. We've received bids on our request
for forest bioenergy solutions, peaking capacity and energy storage. Our energy
storage RFP is particularly noteworthy because it will allow customers to use
energy from our existing AZ Sun solar facilities during the peak period after
the sun sets. We're in the process of evaluating the bids and anticipate making
our selection for each in the late 2018 or early 2019 time frame.

Our capital investment program continues to be robust,
supporting investments in clean energy resources and maintaining safe and
reliable service for our customers. Approximately 51% of our distribution
capital investment from 2018 through 2020 will be driven by customer growth.
For generation-related investments, the installation of 5 new fast-start
flexible generating units at the Ocotillo power plant is on track to be
completed in the second quarter 2019.

Turning to our regulatory updates. The hearing for the Four
Corners step increase request concluded on September 7. On September 24, the
Arizona Corporation Commission staff filed its closing brief, which recommended
a $58.5 million step up in revenue compared to our filed request worth $67.5
million increase.

Next, the administrative law judge will issue a recommended
opinion and order. The step increase request will then be scheduled for an open
meeting, and the ACC will issue a decision. APS' installation of pollution
controls at the Four Corners Power Plant is part of our continued investment in
a cleaner energy future. We commissioned a selective catalytic reduction
equipment earlier this year and now are achieving an 88% reduction in nitrous oxide
emissions.

In August, APS filed a second request with the Arizona
Corporation Commission to return an additional $86.5 million in tax savings to
customers beginning January 1, 2019. If approved, the second wave of savings
from tax reform will offset the requested Four Corners step increase. The total
tax savings for customers, when combined with the first reduction implemented
in March of 2018, would be $205.5 million. Over the last 20 years, our price
increases have been below the rate of inflation. With the rate reductions from
tax reform and other price reductions, customer rates will be lower at the end
of 2018 than they were at the beginning of the year.

As required by the 2017 rate review decision, each year, the
resource comparison proxy must be recalculated to determine the amount new
rooftop solar customers will receive for the generation they export back to the
grid. Beginning October 1, 2018, the Arizona Corporation Commission approved a
rate of $0.116 per kilowatt hour, which is 10% less than the previous rate of
$0.129 per kilowatt hour. This reduction continues to move the amount received
by solar customers or excess generation closer to our avoided cost and further
mitigates the cost shift between solar and non-solar customers.

Lastly, on October 1, the Arizona Corporation Commission
concluded its hearing regarding a customer complaint alleging the average
residential bill increase was higher than the average approved in the 2017 rate
review order. We're confident that the rate increase was implemented
appropriately and is consistent with the rate review order. Final briefs on
this matter are due on November 16, and a recommended opinion and order will
subsequently be issued by the administrative law judge. We anticipate the
commissioners will issue a decision on this matter in 2019.

As you are aware, Arizona held its midterm elections on
November 6. While the corporation commission race has not been officially
declared, as of this morning, Commissioner Olson and Republican Rodney Glassman
are ahead of the Democratic candidates. Commissioners Dunn, Tobin and Burns
will continue serving through the remainder of their terms, ending in January
2021. Importantly, the residents of Arizona voted overwhelmingly to defeat
Proposition 127, ensuring that energy policy in Arizona will continue to evolve
in a thoughtful and constructive manner. With Proposition 127 behind us, we can
now work with stakeholders to establish forward-thinking energy policies that
move towards an increasingly clean energy mix.

Arizona is #3 nationally in solar energy installed, and our
APS energy mix is already 50% clean. We're on the cutting edge of advanced
battery storage technology. Arizona is uniquely positioned to achieve a cleaner
energy mix with our abundant solar resource, leadership in advanced
technologies and Palo Verde generating station, the largest clean energy
generator in the nation.

Additional infrastructure investments will not only support
our clean energy focus, they are also necessary to support our robust customer
growth. Maricopa County was the fastest growing in the United States the last 2
years in a row. We estimate that 340,000 new customers will move into the APS
service territory by 2030, and our customers' energy needs are expected to
increase by more than 30% over that same period. Significant investments in new
resources, including grid infrastructure, cleaner power generation and advanced
energy technologies, will be required to support Arizona's growing economy.

Let me conclude by saying that I'm proud of our team's
commitment to our customers and our community. We not only supported the effort
to protect Arizonans, but we also remain focused on our operational performance
and delivering on our commitments. Our capital investment opportunities and emphasis
on cost management continue to create value for our shareholders.

I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you again everyone for joining
us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the third quarter
of 2018. I'll discuss the details of our financial results, provide an update
on the Arizona economy and introduce 2019 guidance.

As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the third quarter of
2018, we earned $2.80 per share compared to $2.46 per share in the third
quarter of 2017. Slide 4 outlines the variances that drove the change in our
quarterly earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key drivers.

Adjusted gross margin was up $0.04 per share compared with
the third quarter in 2017, supported by favorable weather, the price increase
from the 2017 rate review, higher sales and transmission revenue. Sales net of
energy efficiency and distributed generation were up 1.2% in the quarter,
driven by strong commercial sales growth and robust residential customer
growth. The strong commercial sales growth reflects the positive economic
trends we have seen in the Metro Phoenix area.

Offsetting drivers include the refunds to customers resulting
from the federal tax reform and a shift in the seasonality of revenue resulting
from the residential rate design changes approved in the 2017 rate order
review. As previously discussed, the 2017 rate review order established new
rate options for customers. The new rate shifted a portion of the revenue
previously collected during the summer to non-summer months, better aligning
revenue collection with the cost to serve.

Looking now to our operating expenses. Higher adjusted
operating and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.12 per share due to
a higher cost at APS for transmission, distribution, customer service and
information technology; and at the parent company level, for public outreach
cost primarily associated with Prop 127. Depreciation and amortization expenses
were higher in the third quarter of 2018 compared to the third quarter of 2017,
reducing earnings by $0.08 per share. The increase was primarily related to
higher depreciation rates approved in the 2017 rate review order and plant additions.

Pension and other postretirement benefits and non-service
credits increased pretax income by approximately $6 million or $0.04 per share
in the third quarter. The increase was primarily related to higher market
returns and the adoption of a new pension and OPEB accounting guidance for
2018.

Lastly, the refund to customers resulting from federal tax
reform was positively offset by a lower effective tax rate. The net impact of
federal corporate tax cuts in the quarter was a $0.14 per share benefit to net
income.

Turning now to Arizona's economy, customer growth and sales
growth. Metro Phoenix continues to show strong job growth and has consistently
been above the national average, as shown in the top panel of Slide 5. Through
August, employment in the Metro Phoenix area increased 3.1% compared to 1.6% of
the entire U.S. Job growth is particularly strong in the construction sector, a
sign of strength in the area's commercial and residential real estate markets.
Construction employment has increased by 10.4% versus 2017. We expect a
continuation of business expansion and the related job growth to continue to
support commercial development.

The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also
continued its upward postrecession trend, as shown in the lower panel of Slide
5. In 2018, we expect a total of 30,000 housing permits, an increase of about
4,200 compared to 2017, driven by single-family permits. We believe that solid
job and income growth and relatively low mortgage rates should allow the Metro
Phoenix housing market and economy more generally to continue to expand faster
than the national average.

Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions,
APS' retail customer base grew 1.6% in the third quarter of 2018. We expect
this growth rate will continue to accelerate in response to the economic growth
trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting
future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be
in place, and we believe Phoenix should remain one of the country's
fastest-growing large metropolitan areas.

As I mentioned earlier, net sales were up 1.2% in the
quarter. Commercial and industrial sales increased 2.3% over the third quarter
of 2017, reflecting the positive economic growth trends we have seen in the
region.

Finally, I will review our financing activity, earnings
guidance and financial outlook. On August 9, 2018, APS issued $300 million of
30-year 4.20% unsecured senior notes. The proceeds were used to repay
commercial paper borrowings. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity remain
strong. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West had approximately $128 million
of short-term debt outstanding. Later this year, we expect to infuse up to $150
million of equity capital from Pinnacle West into APS.

Turning to guidance. As shown on Slide 6, we continue to
expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2018 will be in the range of
$4.35 to $4.55 per share. While we benefited from a hot September, we also had
a very mild October. We expect October weather will negatively impact the full
year 2018 earnings by approximately $0.10 to $0.15 per share. Offsetting
[drivers] to our 2018 guidance can be found on the appendix to our slides.

Before I introduce 2019 guidance, I would like to confirm
that we do not intend to file a rate review request in 2019. As a reminder, the
2017 rate review order prohibited APS from filing a new general rate review
before June 1 of 2019. After reviewing our financial expectations, we have
determined that filing a rate review in mid-2020 will meet our financial
objectives. In preparation for this filing, we expect to keep our capital
structure similar to the level approved in our last rate review.

Continuing with guidance, we're introducing 2019 guidance of
$4.75 to $4.95 per share. Positive drivers for 2019 include the anticipated
Four Corners' SCR revenue increase, higher weather-normalized sales, higher
transmission revenue, flat to lower interest expense and lower operating and
maintenance expenses primarily due to lower planned outages and our continued
cost management. We expect these drivers to be partially offset by higher
D&A related to more plant in service, higher property taxes and lower
AFUDC.

The estimated effective tax rate of 10% for 2019 reflects the
amortization of $71 million of excess deferred taxes associated with the second
TEAM filing. The decrease in the effective tax rate is offset by the proposed
$86.5 million refund to customers, which is also part of the second TEAM
filing. Our 2019 capital expenditure forecast remains at $1.15 billion. We will
provide updates to our CapEx forecast and rate base on our fourth quarter call.

A complete list of key factors and assumptions underlying
our 2018 and 2019 guidance is in the appendix to our slides. Our rate base
growth outlook remains at 6% to 7% through 2020, and we still expect to achieve
a weather-normalized annual consolidated earned return on average common equity
of more than 9.5% over the same period.

As we have said, our earnings are not linear and will
fluctuate from year-to-year. However, over the long term, the opportunity to
lead Arizona to a cleaner energy future positions us well to continue our track
record of success.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call
over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Weinstein with Crédit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe we could just start and talk a little bit
about the process going forward now that Prop 127 is defeated. What can we
expect to see going into next year and maybe even later this year in terms of
kind of a collaborative process or some kind of stakeholder review of options
going forward?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I think, Michael, it remains to be
seen exactly what that process looks like. As you know and we've talked about,
Commissioner Tobin has a docket open on 80% clean by 2050. A lot of things are also
being attached to the docket. And so the exact way forward is sort of unknown
at the moment. It would be our intent to participate in that docket and all of
those factors. But we'll have to wait and see where it ultimately goes from a
timing and outcome perspective.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Do you expect to have something, I guess,
solidified by the time you file your next draft IRP?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Draft IRP is in April. So not sure we
would be able to go fully through a process at that point. I think our --
remains to be seen exactly how the RFP unfolds. That's one of the sections in
80% by '50, is reviewing how we go forward on the IRP. So again, remains to be
seen.

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER, EVP OF OPERATIONS, ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE COMPANY: Yes, Jim. It's Daniel. I think the timing of the informal
docket on the energy modernization plan is a little bit ambiguous. And
therefore, as it relates to flanging up with the preliminary IRP, we can't make
that call. I think Don put out a press release here a couple of days ago, post
127 bill, indicating that we're going to build on the coalition that worked on
Prop 127 in terms of trying to shape and formulate what a cleaner energy future
looks like for Arizona. So we'll continue to engage in that space.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Great. And just one final question. I'll
let other people get on. The weather-normalized retail electric sales volume
that you're assuming for '19 guidance is still the 0 to 1% range. Now for the
3-year period, it's a little higher than that. I'm just wondering, at what
point does the 3-year forecast kind of roll into those 1-year forecasts?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I think what we're seeing is a
continual gradual improvement in the overall economy. And exactly when our
3-year period rolls into the higher remains to be seen. But I think we saw this
quarter sort of the example of an improved economy, and we have a sight to a
pipeline of a lot of projects in West Phoenix as well, which will continue to
build that momentum.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Okay. And congratulations on winning your
argument against Prop 127.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with Goldman Sachs.

INSOO KIM, EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: As you prepare for the 2020 rate case, would any
potential equity issuance to boost the equity layer likely be done sometime in
2020, in the early half of the year? And have you also considered whether
potentially a forward sale was an option given where your stock is trading at
the current moment?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So last year, we injected $150 million
from Pinnacle into APS. We expect to do similar in '19. Any additional equity
that we'll need can be handled through a DRIP type of program. And we're not
contemplating a forward sale at the moment. It won't -- certainly won't be a
lot of additional equity we'll need to raise through a dividend reinvestment.

INSOO KIM: Understood. And turning to the renewable
discussions going forward. Given the uncertain time lines to when the final RPS
standards or the IRP will take place. Do you not see any meaningful uptick in
renewable investments until maybe 2021 at the earliest? Or could you see some
meaningful amounts in 2020, especially to take advantage of some tax benefits?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, we're obviously cognizant of the
ITC and the timetable there. I think from a renewable right now, nothing
planned. Don referred to the battery IRP, which -- kind of how prices shake out
and we're on discussions now. It would be attached to our utility of solar and
be able to -- when we have the negative pricing, feed the batteries and be able
to provide peaking power later in the day. I think we have to see how this
conversation unfolds over the near term before we think about any large-scale
renewable bill. At this time, that obviously continues to change as we talk to
customers and other things.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Ridzon with KeyBanc.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON, VP AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, KEYBANC
CAPITAL MARKETS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: You touched on it earlier, but as you
look at Tobin's proposal of 80% by '50, is that workable? Or do we get into
cost pressures under that plan?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I -- well, the -- Prop 127 was a
constitutional amendment that was just rigid, and it was irrespective of cost.
I think the value of a commission-driven process is you think about clean, you
think about reliability, but you also think about affordability. And so that
will be a key gating factor as we move forward, will be what can customers
afford. And we're very cognizant of that from a -- as we think about CapEx and
other things. It's always how much is this going to cost customers, and we're
very mindful of that.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON: So this proposal have some off-ramps?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, yes. The thing about it is you sort
of bill as you go forward, and so they come up with a prescriptive plan today
that says, "This is what we're going to do." And that's the value of
more of a commission-driven process.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON: And Jim, just a clarification that the
inter-quarter tax items will be net neutral from the calendar year.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct. So we have implied -- in the
appendix, it sort of shows how that's been laid out over the course of the
year.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew
Levi with ExodusPoint.

ANDREW LEVI, PORTFOLIO MANAGER, EXODUSPOINT CAPITAL
MANAGEMENT, LP: Just 2 questions. One, just on the CapEx post 2020. This $1.2
billion level that you've kind of been averaging, should we just assume, even
though you haven't given guidance yet on that, that, that's kind of like your
sweet spot CapEx level and then anything that would occur on the renewable side
as far as any type of new initiatives would be incremental?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, certainly, as we look out over our
CapEx forecast, I can't -- I won't comment specifically about 2021 beyond. But
as we look at things, for example, battery storage on 6 megawatts, will that be
supplemented in our base CapEx plan? And so depending on how that shakes out,
that could be incremental. Renewables could be incremental. Electric vehicle
infrastructure could be incremental. We filed 4 pilots in the 2018 DSM plan,
and we're waiting to get that from the commission. So how it plays out and when
is sort of TBD. But we feel good about our fundamental ability to continue to
grow rate base and keep costs affordable to customers.

ANDREW LEVI: That sounds good. And then when do we get a
refresh on the CapEx?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We'll do rate base and CapEx in our
year-end call, and they'll be -- 2021 CapEx will be in the 10-K.

ANDREW LEVI: Got it. And then one last question just on the
'19 guidance because I think there was a little confusion. But I think, if I
heard you correctly, there's an offset. So the lower tax rate is offset by a
customer credit? Is that what you were saying?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. Yes. And it's...

ANDREW LEVI: And that's why you have a lower tax rate, I
guess, right?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct. Right.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the
composition of the CapEx here quarter-over-quarter. Roughly the same magnitude
of capital here, but just shifting around the buckets. Can you talk a little
bit about the 2 buckets, the traditional gen and the clean gen? And what's
shifting that around? I suppose why -- perhaps to start with the why, why the
downtick in traditional gen?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well -- go ahead.

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: Julien, it's Daniel. So the downtick
in the traditional gen is reflective of the completion of the SCR projects and
a different outage plan for 2019 going forward in terms of number of majors and
minors and so on and so forth. The uptick in clean gen is a reflection of Palo
Verde generating station fuel, the clean battery technologies that Jim
mentioned that won't be determined, if you will, until we settle and make our
decision relative to the 3 RFPs that are out there. But we certainly anticipate
some level of investment in that space. And we've got a segment with our residential
low- and moderate-income customer base, a program called community solar,
within which we are installing and rate-basing residential distributed
generation, rooftop solar on customer rooftops. That's a multiyear program.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. And maybe to clarify
that. The traditional gen, is this probably a new lower level on a consistent
basis? Or for the '19 and '20, this $100 million-ish type number, is that
probably just a transient based on outages, et cetera?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: No. It's a -- major outages at our
power plants are cyclical in nature. Certain work is every 3 to 4 years.
Certain work is every 6 to 8 years. So this is just a reflection of the normal
cyclical nature, if you will, of our major and minor outs.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Excellent. And just
to clarify on the capital recovery piece or the clean gen uptick, is that
fairly straightforward in the context of the next case?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, we're recovering the residential
through the res surcharge currently. The rest will be just included for
recovery on our next rate case.

OPERATOR: We have no further questions at this time. I would
now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you all for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 110818a12033649.749










 EXECUTIVES (93%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES
(90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); DIVIDENDS
(77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (94%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%)










 PNW (NYSE) (94%); GS (NYSE) (91%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (94%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (94%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (94%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (94%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC
POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911 ELECTRIC SERVICES (91%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY
(99%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
BANKING & FINANCE (91%); ENERGY & UTILITIES (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(91%); NATURAL GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%); HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); ACCOUNTING
(78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE ENERGY (77%); ENERGY
& UTILITY TRADE (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); NUCLEAR ENERGY (77%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); INTERNET & WWW (71%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 December 16, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
3, 2018 Friday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 5264 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Arizona Public Service Company - Executive VP of Public
Policy & General Counsel

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director, IR

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Andrew Levi

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation 2018 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR, IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our second quarter
earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today
will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner,
APS's Executive Vice President of Public Policy is also here with us. First, I
need to cover a few of the details with you. The slides that we will be using
are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings
release and related information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations
of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and our slides
contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and the
company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual
results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place
undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter 2018 Form 10-Q was filed
this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary
language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to materially differ
from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be
available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be
available by telephone through August 10. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. 2018 continues to be in line with our expectations, and we remain well
positioned to meet our financial commitments this year. Before Jim discusses
the details of our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our
recent regulatory and operational developments.

The step increase request for the selective catalytic
reduction equipment at the Four Corners Power Plant is progressing. The Arizona
Corporation Commission hearing is scheduled to begin on September 5, and we
continue to expect a decision around the end of the year.

As required by the 2017 rate review order, all residential
customers, except grandfathered solar customers, were migrated to new rates. We
successfully transitioned nearly 1 million residential customers to new rates in
a few short months.

Turning to our operations. On May 5, Palo Verde generating
station completed its scheduled Unit 3 spring maintenance and refueling outage
in a plant record 28 days and 13 hours. The team's collective performance
resulted into one of our best outages ever.

Looking to our capital investment program. Nearly 200 miles
of transmission lines and 15 new substations supporting the additional capacity
have been added in the past 3 years. In May, the last 110-mile section of a 500
kV loop around the northern part of the valley here, known as Sun Valley to
Morgan, was commissioned. Notably, the Sun Valley to Morgan project has
garnered national attention for its innovative design and permitting process
and collaborative work with the Bureau of Land Management. The 4 500 kV
projects commissioned since 2015, including completion of this loop, provide
added reliability, increased economic development opportunities and enhanced
import and export capabilities with neighboring states.

It should come as no surprise that each year, we go through
extensive preparation and planning to maintain reliability throughout Arizona's
intense summer heat. This year, in addition to expanding and strengthening our
transmission system, we implemented new strategies to lower fire risk during
wildfire season. To reduce fire risk, our teams performed the vegetation
management activities, held wildfire prevention training and continue to expand
our clearance-around- poles program. Implementing these strategies is the right
thing to do for customers, the environment and the health of our company during
increasingly dry conditions.

For future resource needs, we recently issued requests for
proposals regarding peaking capacity and forest bioenergy solutions. Proposals
for the peaking capacity solicitation were due by July 20, and we're in the
process of evaluating those proposals. The submission deadline for the forest
bioenergy RFP is August 17. In addition, we issued a battery storage RFP for up
to 106 megawatts located on APS solar Facilities with an in-service date no
later than June 2020. We intend to own any projects selected as part of the
battery storage RFP. We expect to make final selections for each of these
solicitations during the fourth quarter of 2018.

As the utility industry continues to evolve, so does the
grid technology landscape. As part of an ongoing process to modernize the grid,
we are upgrading the cellular communication technology for our meters from 2G
to 4G. Over the next 18 months, we will replace roughly 2,000 2G devices, with
about 1,500 4G devices, providing improved real-time outage information to
system operators. Devices that have already been installed are transmitting
information more quickly and efficiently than the old system, which means added
reliability and quicker outage response for our customers. This investment is
just one of many that aim to make the grid more advanced and more reliable for
our customers.

Turning to the ballot initiative. On July 5, the Tom
Steyer-funded California campaign turned in signatures in an attempt to place a
constitutional mandate for 50% renewable energy by 2030 on the Arizona ballot
for the election this November. On July 19, a lawsuit was filed, arguing that
fraud as well as other systemic errors disqualifies the majority of the
signatures collected. The trial is set to begin on August 20, and we anticipate
that the judge will issue a decision in August. Barring action by the judge, by
late August or early September, the Arizona Secretary of State will make an
official statement announcing whether the Steyer-funded initiative will be on
the Arizona ballot. It is clear the impact from the Steyer-funded ballot
initiative are bad for our customers and the state of Arizona. We estimate that
the Steyer-funded ballot initiative would require APS to add over 5,500
megawatts of new resources above and beyond our 2017 Integrated Resource Plan
estimates by 2030. This would equate to over $10 billion in incremental capital
investment by 2030. Further, customers would bear the brunt of our recovery of
the costs associated with the forced early retirement of existing facilities.
At the time of a possible early retirement, the remaining book value and other
costs associated with the early shutdown for Palo Verde generating station and
the Four Corners Power Plant could be $1.9 billion and $1.3 billion,
respectively. But we expect the Steyer-funded ballot initiative would
significantly increase our rate base estimates. Customer bills in 2030 would
likely be double today's bills. We are not opposing this ballot initiative
because we're opposed to clean or renewable energy. We're opposing it because a
constitutional amendment is an irresponsible way to set energy policy and it
will harm our customers. We know clean energy is important to our customers,
and it's important to our company. At the end of 2017, over 50% of our diverse
energy mix was carbon-free. Our renewable resources, including 9 large solar
farms across the state and 80,000 rooftop solar installations, provide about 14%
of that total. APS is in the top tier of all utilities in terms of solar power
nationwide. Paired with our nuclear fleet and other clean sources, we have a
long proven track record of advancing both clean and renewable energy. As a
long-term leader in integrating sustainable clean energy resources, we continue
to invite further thoughtful discussion about increasing the amount of
renewables and other technologies that support clean energy in our state. In
fact, this week, we filed a letter encouraging the Arizona Corporation
Commission to continue to move the energy modernization plan forward. As we had
stated since the concept was first introduced, APS believes this proposal to
achieve 80% clean energy by 2050 is a bold vision for the future.

While we're proud of our accomplishments, we recognize that
we need to continue to do more to achieve the best energy future for Arizona in
a way that is right for our state. We believe the energy modernization plan is
important to designing the energy future. We look forward to working with the
Arizona Corporation Commission and stakeholders to further develop and
implement this vision. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you again, everyone, for joining
us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the second
quarter of 2018.

As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the second quarter
of 2018, we earned $1.48 per share compared to $1.49 per share in the second
quarter of 2017. Slide 3 also outlines the variances that drove the change in
our quarterly earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key drivers.
Adjusted gross margin was up $0.12 per share compared with the second quarter
in 2007, supported primarily by the rate increase offset by the federal tax
rate change, unfavorable weather and lower retail sales. Although retail sales
were lower this quarter versus the prior year quarter, weather-adjusted gross
sales, excluding the impacts of energy efficiency and distributed generation,
were up 1.2% in the quarter. I will discuss our sales trends in more detail in
a moment.

Continuing with the key drivers. Refunds to customers due to
the lower federal corporate income tax rate decreased gross margin by $0.20 per
share but were positively offset by the lower effective tax rate. The net
impact of tax reform in the quarter was a $0.10 per share benefit to net
income. As a reminder, the refund to customers due to tax expense adjustor
mechanism, or TEAM, is based on a per kilowatt hour sales credit and will
generally follow our seasonal kilowatt hour sales pattern. The impact on the
lower federal income tax rate is based on pretax earnings and will more closely
align with our quarterly pretax earnings pattern. Please see Slide 8 for more
information related to the timing impact of tax reform.

Looking now to operating expense. Higher adjusted operations
and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.23 per share, primarily due to
the higher planned outage cost related to the select catalytic reduction
equipment installed at Four Corners. As you may recall, our guidance for 2018
outage spend was concentrated in the first half of the year as compared to the
2017 outage schedule, which was concentrated in the second half of the year.
Additional drivers to higher operations and maintenance expense were
transmission distribution and customers' service cost at APS. And at the parent
company level, public outreach cost, primarily associated with the
Steyer-funded ballot initiative. Depreciation and amortization expenses were
higher in the second quarter of 2018 compared to the second quarter of 2017,
reducing earnings by $0.13 per share. The increase was primarily related to
higher D&A rates approved in the 2017 rate review order and planned
additions. Also, on Slide 3, pension and other postretirement benefits,
nonservice credits increased pretax income by approximately $5 million or $0.03
per share in the second quarter. The increase was primarily related to higher market
returns and the adoption of a new pension and OPEB accounting guidance for
2018. As a reminder, in the 2017 rate review order, we were granted accounting
deferrals related to the Four Corners selective catalytic reduction equipment
installations and the Ocotillo Modernization Project. The drivers I discussed
above account for the deferrals associated with the Four Corners SCRs as there
was no net impact on second quarter 2018 results.

Turning now to the -- Arizona's economy, customer growth and
sales growth, the Metro Phoenix area continues to show job growth above the
national average. Through May, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3%
compared to 1.6% for the entire United States. The solid job growth continues
to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area's commercial and
residential real estate markets. We expect a continuation of business expansion
and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will, in turn, support
continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in the
residential real estate market. As you can see in the lower panel of Slide 4,
housing construction is expected to continue the effort post-recession trend.
In 2018, housing permits are expected to increase by about 4,200 compared to
2017, driven by single-family permits. We believe that solid job and income
growth and low mortgage rates should allow the Phoenix Metro housing market,
and the economy more generally, to continue to expand. Reflecting the steady
improvement in economic conditions, APS's retail customer base grew 1.6% in the
second quarter of 2018. We expect that this growth rate will continue to
gradually accelerate the response to the economic growth trends I just
discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population
job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in place.

As I mentioned earlier, our weather-adjusted gross sales,
including the impact of energy efficiency and distributed generation, were up
1.2% in the quarter. This solid sales growth was led by healthy growth in the
residential sector of 2.2%, mixed with about flat growth in the commercial and
industrial sector. In terms of commercial and industrial sales growth, the
results were somewhat disappointing and at odds with the positive economic
growth trends we have seen. But we believe this divergence will likely be
short-lived. We also expect to see the other headwinds to sales growth
declining in magnitude. Notably, the installation of grandfathered distributed
generation systems eligible for net metering subtracted a 2 full percentage
points on the residential growth rate this quarter. As the grandfathering
deadline has now passed, we expect this sales reduction from new installations
going forward will be less than half of this quarter's rate. It is also worth
noting that the 2018 demand-side management plan currently awaiting approval
from the Arizona Corporation Commission, focuses energy efficiency programs
off-peak demand reduction, better aligning the benefits for customers with realized
systems benefits.

In closing, I'll review our earnings guidance and financial
outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2018
will be in the range of $4.35 to $4.55 per share. The rate increase and our
adjusted mechanism remain important gross margin drivers, which we expect to be
partly offset by higher fossil plant outage costs and higher than other
operating expenses related to more plant in service, including higher D&A
and operating tax. A complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our
guidance is included in the appendix to our slides.

We continue to expect to issue up to $300 million of debt at
APS this year. But overall, liquidity remains strong. Our rate base growth
outlook remains at 6% to 7% on average through 2020 supported by robust capital
investment needs. We also continue to expect to achieve an annual consolidated
earnings return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2019. This
concludes our prepared remarks. Now I'll turn the call over to the operator for
questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So you indicated that if the initiative passes,
that it would require over $10 billion of incremental capital investment by
2030. And that could lead to substantial increase in customer bills, which is
why you're opposing this method of getting to those kinds of goals. But I'm
wondering, even if -- let's say the initiative doesn't pass and Commissioner
Tobin's energy plan goes through and there's a more measured pace of renewable
expansion for the next decade, how much incremental capital do you think would
be possible for you to absorb or you to win as part of the rate base growth
profile for the next decade?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That's a great question, Michael. We
haven't really looked at it in terms of rate base growth. We know we're going
to have to add over 3 gigawatts of gas in addition to additional renewables. So
our rate base outlook would have Commissioner Tobin [dated] by 50 incremental
to what we currently have today. So that would be positive. But it keeps Palo
Verde as well, which is the largest source of clean energy in the U.S.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Okay. And just to confirm, the -- I
guess, with the grandfathering period now expired, that you should be seeing
maybe the benefits of higher customer growth starting next year. I mean, I
noticed the 3-year growth forecast has not changed.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Probably, we're getting toward the end of
installations of the applications from the September 1 grandfather deadline.
You have to remember that once the deadline passed, some of the national sellers
pulled away from Arizona, so the installations are slower than they have been
in the past, but we should see that in the second half of the year.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: And also, one last question. What is your
latest thoughts on the next rate case filing in terms of timing and around the
next election cycle?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We're still looking at that. As I've
said, our desire would be push it out a year. So we file on '20. And rates
effective '21. So we'll make a decision on that as we get through the next
month or so. We're really looking at sales patterns based on the rate design
and the migration to new rates. And we need to make sure we understand that
profile.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So just wanted to follow up on the last question a little
bit more. Can you clarify just first, the timeline here? So the Secretary of
State is going to come out on the DON initiatives, and then what else? And then
separately, and perhaps more importantly, can you comment quickly on recourse,
if it does actually succeed in terms of any appeals process or implementation?
And especially even within that, to the extent which had both proposals move
forward, how would you reconcile between the 2? I mean, basically, would the
more stringent of the 2 basically apply. And if Tobin were to get his proposal
going forward, would that basically be moot, given the -- the success of the
ballot initiative?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Julien, I'm going to ask Jeff Guldner to
kind of walk through the key dates relative to the litigation and what would
happen with the Secretary of State. You might want to clarify your question,
but I'd rather not -- won't go into a lot of detail about what if's. Right now,
we're focused on the litigation that's pending in the courts, and we'll take it
one step at a time. With that, Jeff?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EXECUTIVE VP OF PUBLIC POLICY &
GENERAL COUNSEL, ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY: Yes, Julien. So right now, the
signature review is in its normal process so the Secretary of State sent them
to the counties. The county is doing their review. The lawsuit that was filed
in Superior Court is proceeding kind of parallel with that. There's been motion
practice, some motion practice out there is under a special procedure for
elections cases. And so that involves expedited appeals from the Superior Court
to the Supreme Court, including on issues that are decided before the actual
trial begins. There's a prehearing or prehearing pre-conference on August 17,
and then the trial would begin on August 20, will likely go through that week.
And the judge would likely come out with a ruling pretty quickly after that.
We'd expect that to go through some expedited appeals to the Supreme Court, and
all that is likely to be wrapped up by the end of the month. And that's when
the Secretary would normally certify it.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. All right, excellent.
And then just coming back to the parallel paths here. I mean, how would it work
just in terms of the competing proposals here if both were to move forward?
Just trying to understand. I mean, how much input does the commission have in
ultimately implementing this?

DONALD E. BRANDT: So again, Julien, I wouldn't characterize
them as competing proposals. There's 2 different aspects. One is a
constitutional amendment, the other is a plan or program that the Arizona
Commission could implement and monitor and adjust that accordingly on a year by
year, whatever frequency they wanted to do as opposed to a constitutional
amendment that would lock something in to the Arizona constitution forevermore.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Excellent. Is there
any mechanism to put in place to address stranded cost that you could see here,
just to kind of derisk the whole effort? I mean, is that something else?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Again, right now, we're focused on
observing what's happening in the courts with the litigation on the signatures
that have been filed.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Don, first, I want to just clarify from your opening remarks, as you
mentioned, if this initiative is happening, there could be a premature
retirement with 2 of your plants. I just wanted to be clear, so is there a
mechanism right now in Arizona? I mean, presumably there would be a mechanism
if plants retire early for companies to recover those costs. Is there a step
mechanism already in place?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Ali, this is Jeff. So that would have to
be addressed to the commission. So that would -- there's various ways. We've
had stranded cost issues before. And so those would be addressed with the
commission at the time.

ALI AGHA: So it's not formulaic if you were to have to go
through a proceeding?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: That's right.

ALI AGHA: I see. Okay. And then, Jim, I wanted to clarify
your point, looking at the -- sort of the delta between customer growth and
weather-normalized sales growth that we are getting from your data which is
showing that we've had 3 consecutive negative weather-normalized sales growth
trends. And so again, just to be clear, are you suggesting that the energy
efficiency and demand response are having a much larger impact, which should
mitigate -- I just want to be clear. I understand the trend. Should we now
start to see those weather-normalized sales numbers start to turn positive? Or
what's causing the 3 consecutive negative declines we've seen here?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, you had grandfathering of the last
-- of the net metering September 1. We saw applications skyrocket June, July,
August as they were pulling things forward. All of those installations are now
being installed, and we believe the backlog is through us now. And so we'll see
less of an impact as we move forward, as we continue to add residential
customers.

ALI AGHA: I see. Okay. And then my last question, if I look
at some of the data mix that you all have already talked about, i.e., that
you're O&M costs are usually high this year given the outage schedule, so
they should come down to a more normalized level next year. And then you have
the step-up in grids coming from the Four Corners SCR investment. Would that
imply -- I mean, at least to me, that would imply that the owned ROE next year
should be higher than this year. Is that a fair way to be thinking about this, or
am I missing some other dynamic there?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I mean, those are 2 impacts to the
financials in isolation. There's much other impact as well. We'll come out with
2019 guidance later this year.

ALI AGHA: But both of those are accurate, right, in terms of
helping your -- around ROE next year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: In isolation, yes.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew
Levi with Exodus Point.

ANDREW LEVI: So just back on the ballot initiative, I don't
know, I just feel there's like some investor confusion because -- since this
whole thing has come out the stock has, on a relative basis, hasn't done so
well. But just -- and I understand the effects on the ratepayer if this were to
go through. And obviously, would be a several year process just if it actually
get on the ballot, it was approved, right? There would be some type of legal
challenge to it. And then I have a follow-up. Is that correct?

DONALD E. BRANDT: I think we missed your question, Andy.

ANDREW LEVI: I'm sorry, you didn't hear me? So basically, if
it were to pass, it'd be like a several year legal challenge to that, is that
correct? If it actually got on the ballot and passed? That's my first question.

DONALD E. BRANDT: We're not to that point yet. We're -- as I
said earlier, we're observing the pending litigation in the Arizona courts. So
the question is whether it gets on the ballot of or not, and we'll kind of take
it one step at a time.

ANDREW LEVI: Okay. But I guess, my point is even if it were
to pass and it, over a several-year process, was able to survive various legal
challenges, as far as your earnings and your long-term kind of outlook, that
would basically be unchanged because even with the stranded cost potential
longer term, that rate base, as you kind of outlined, would be replaced by a
renewable rate base and things kind of surrounding that. Isn't that correct?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Well, again, I'll use Jim's words. In
isolation, that's correct. But it's still -- there are so many variables to
this situation. Until there's clarity around the results of this litigation,
it's really hard to start predicting things that far out.

ANDREW LEVI: Okay. That's fair. Again, it's just that your
stock has suffered quite a bit, again, on a relative basis because group has
been going up since this initiative has been initiated. But I just feel there's
kind of a misperception of the end result.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: Could you
just revisit? As I recall, the legislature passed something regarding a fine
that would happen if there was no compliance with the initiative. Could you
elaborate a little bit on that again and just remind us what that was?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. There was a statute that was passed
to address what you would do in a compliant situation of a statutory amendment
like the Steyer initiative. So that's out there as something that the
commission would probably consider moving forward but that's also likely to get
challenged.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. But the cost associated with that is
quite low, correct? I mean, the fine associated with noncompliance would be
considered -- as I recall, that was pretty nominal in the whole scheme of things?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That's correct.

PAUL PATTERSON: From a cost-benefit perspective, is that
correct? I mean, do you follow what I'm saying? In other words, if this
initiative is going to cost rate payers a whole bunch of money, et cetera, the
cost of noncompliance would seem to be considerably lower. Am I wrong?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Based on the reading of that, you're
exactly correct on reading of that legislation.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. I guess the -- the message today
though is before we get down to all these hypotheticals of what may or may not
happen, you'd rather just see what actually happens in the courts and in the
ballot initiative now. Is that how I should think about it as opposed to
pursuing a bunch of questions about what may or may not happen? Is that what
you're basically suggesting we do?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes, exactly. We have a strategy. It's in
-- tied up in the courts right now, and we'll -- we're watching that very
closely and we'll respond when the time comes.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. My other questions were answered.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you, and this concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080318a11627517.717










 EXECUTIVES (93%); HOLDING COMPANIES (91%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (89%); PUBLIC POLICY (89%); SECURITIES
BROKERS (88%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS (79%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(75%); LAWYERS (70%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); STI (NYSE) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911 ELECTRIC
SERVICES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (84%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (84%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (84%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(84%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%);
NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (72%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); SIC6021
NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS (72%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (99%); ELECTRIC POWER
PLANTS (94%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); ENERGY
& UTILITIES (91%); NATURAL GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS
(90%); ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%); HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%); INVESTMENT
ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
ACCOUNTING (78%); ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE ENERGY (77%); ENERGY & UTILITY
TRADE (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); NUCLEAR ENERGY (77%); PUBLIC UTILITIES
COMMISSIONS (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (75%); INTERNET & WWW (72%);
LAWYERS (70%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 ARIZONA, USA (92%); UNITED STATES (92%)










 August 18, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
2, 2018 Wednesday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 5553 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Arizona Public Service Company - EVP of Public Policy and
General Counsel

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP of Public
Policy & General Counsel

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director, IR

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Insoo Kim

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities, & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Jay Lapides

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - VP

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

* Paul Thomas Ridzon

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division - VP and
Equity Research Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR, IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter
earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today
will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner,
APS' Executive Vice President of Public Policy; and Daniel Fletcher, APS'
Executive Vice President of Operations are also here with us. First, I need to
cover some details with you. The slides that we will be using are available on
our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related
information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking
statements based on our current expectations, and the company assumes no
obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ
materially from expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on
these statements. Our first quarter 2018 Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please
refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as
well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly
on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone
through May 9. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. In the first quarter of 2018, we executed on our priorities and remain
well positioned for a solid year. Before Jim discusses the details of our first
quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and
operational developments. The installation of selective catalytic reduction, or
SCR, emission control equipment at the Four Corners Power Plant was completed
on April 24, on time and under budget. This project provides substantial
environmental benefits, including a 90% reduction in nitrogen oxide emissions
at the plant. On April 27, we filed for a $67.5 million step increase to
recover our investment in these improvements. The step increase is an effective
tool that eliminates the need to file a full rate review immediately after the
conclusion of our last rate review, and provides rate gradualism for our
customers. The commission previously approved the use of a step increase for
the SCR installation. We've calculated that the step increase request would
result in approximately a 2% customer bill increase, which will likely be
offset by a reduction in customer bills from other adjustor mechanism
decreases. We've requested the commission approve the rate increase effective
January 1, 2019.

Turning to our operations. Palo Verde generating station had
another successful quarter, operating at full capacity. A planned refueling
outage for Palo Verde Unit 3 began on April 7, and is proceeding very well.
Additionally, construction activity is on track for our Ocotillo Modernization
Project. The units in Ocotillo are expected to come online in the fall of 2018
and the spring of 2019 to meet our 2019 summer capacity needs.

Technology continues to play an important role in the efficiency
of our operations. In 2012, APS became one of the first utilities in the nation
to receive approval from the Federal Aviation Administration to fly drones in
shared aerospace. Since then, the use of drones for inspecting lines, building
substations, monitoring solar fields, sighting new power lines, inspecting
storm damage and accessing hard-to-reach areas has produced significant savings
for our customers.

Looking to the future. Our resource plan is designed to
achieve a cleaner, sustainable energy mix that is anchored by Palo Verde, the
largest carbon-free electric resource in the United States. In fact, we've
already reached a significant milestone in this effort. At the end of 2017,
over 50% of our energy mix was carbon-free. Our next integrated resource plan
filing, scheduled for April 2020 will continue to support the goal of achieving
a cleaner, sustainable energy mix, and we'll incorporate updates as the
commission's discussion around a possible energy modernization plan progresses.

We recently announced our plan to issue multiple resource
RFPs this year. On April 26, we issued an RFP for 400 to 800 megawatts of
peaking capacity, with an in-service date of 2021. The peak period is between
June and September and from 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. We also plan to seek competitive
proposals that utilize Arizona forest bioenergy solutions and that provide
battery retrofit opportunities for APS on solar facilities. These RFPs are part
of a comprehensive effort to meet our resource needs, beginning in the early 2020s.
More specific information about these solicitations will be released in the
coming weeks.

As you may be aware, an out-of-state group primarily funded
by California billionaire, Tom Steyer, has filed a ballot initiative that would
require some Arizona utilities to obtain 50% of their energy from renewable
sources by 2030. The sponsors must gather approximately 226,000 ballot
signatures by July 5 to place the proposal on a November 2018 ballot. This
initiative is overly prescriptive and irresponsible. Pinnacle West is actively
opposing this ballot proposal. The initiative seeks to impair Arizona's
oversight and regulation of utilities, which has provided Arizona residents
with some of the safest, cleanest and most reliable and affordable energy in
the country over 100 years. It would enshrine in the state constitution, a
regulatory mandate that is bad for customers, potentially doubling the average
customers' electricity bill by 2030. At least 13 Chambers of Commerce,
including the greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce and the Arizona Chamber of
Commerce, in addition to numerous other local organizations, have voiced
opposition to the ballot initiative. The sponsor's campaign contains inaccurate
information about clean energy, its economic impacts to the state and the cost
to customers. We believe it's important for customers to have accurate
information to make an informed decision if, this proposal is on the November
ballot. As a company that's dedicated to not only providing safe, reliable and
affordable electricity but also to maintaining and improving the communities we
serve, we will continue to actively oppose this proposal.

Lastly, I would like to share with you that crews from
Arizona Public Service who were part of a nationwide mutual assistance effort,
coordinated by the Edison Electric Institute, to assist Puerto Rico with power
restoration following Hurricane Maria. We sent 83 line workers and support
staff as well as 42 vehicles to Puerto Rico in mid-January. When our crews
returned on March 31, restoration on the island had reached 95%. Crew members
who took this special assignment are proud to have helped. Throughout their
deployment, they did more than just restore power. On their own time and their
days off, they immersed themselves in the community, helping to clean up storm
damage, rebuilding homes and providing household essentials to families in
need. One of our crew members even bought a bicycle for a child so that he can
ride with other neighborhood children. I'm extremely proud of how each and
every one of these individuals represented our company in the state of Arizona.
I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you, again, everyone, for
joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the first
quarter of 2018, which were in line with our expectations as shown on Slide 3
of the materials. For the first quarter of 2018, we earned $0.03 per share
compared to $0.21 per share in the first quarter of 2017. Slide 3 also outlines
the variances that drove the change in our quarterly ongoing earnings per
share. I'll highlight a few of the key drivers. Adjusted gross margin was up
$0.13 per share compared with the prior year first quarter period, supported by
the rate increase, higher transmission revenues and higher sales-related
revenues. These positive factors were partially offset by the effect of a
federal tax rate change and unfavorable weather.

Specific to tax reform, the financial impact decreased gross
margin by $0.20 per share in the first quarter of 2018, including a reduction
in customer rates passed through our tax expense adjustor mechanism, or TEAM.
And estimated reductions, is always from income tax changes in our wholesale
transmission rates. You will notice there is not an offsetting effective tax
rate driver initiatives for the quarter. The refund to customers through the
TEAM is based on a per kilowatt hour sales credit and will generally follow our
seasonal kilowatt hour sales pattern. The impact of the lower federal income
tax rate is based on pretax earnings and will more closely align with our
quarter pretax earnings pattern. As a result, there will be a timing difference
throughout the year.

Looking out to operating expenses. Higher adjusted
operations and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.18 per share,
primarily due to higher planned outage cost related to the SCR installation at
Four Corners Unit 4. Depreciation and amortization expenses were higher in the
first quarter of 2018 compared to the first quarter of 2017, reducing earnings
by $0.09 per share. The increase was primarily related to the higher D&A
rates approved in a 2017 rate review order and planned additions. Also, on
Slide 3, you will see a new quarterly driver related to pension and other
postretirement benefits, nonservice credits. We adopted the new pension
accounting standard in January, resulting in the presentation of nonservice
credit component and other income. In addition, we are no longer capitalizing a
portion of the nonservice credits.

In 2018, the change in capitalization, combined with the
increased returns, increased pretax income by approximately $7 million in the
first quarter. As a reminder, in the 2017 rate review order, we were granted
accounting deferral related to Four Corners SCR's installation and the Ocotillo
Modernization Project. The drivers I discussed account for the deferral
associated with the Four Corners SCRs as there was no net impact on our first
quarter 2018 results.

Turning now to the Arizona economy as it continues to be an
integral part of our business story. Arizona Metro Phoenix continues to be an
attractive place to live and do business. Arizona's population surpassed 7
million in 2017 and Maricopa County has been ranked as the fastest-growing
county in the nation for the past 2 years. The Metro Phoenix area continues to
show job growth above the national average. This February, employment in Metro
Phoenix increased 2.8% compared to 1.5% for the entire U.S. The Metro Phoenix
unemployment rate of 4.4% also reflects the strength of the job market. This
solid job growth continues to have a positive effect on Metro Phoenix area's
commercial and residential real estate markets.

As seen in the upper panel of Slide 4, vacancy rates in the
commercial markets continue to fall, and are at levels last seen in 2008 or
earlier. As a result of the increasing activity and lower vacancy rates, about
6 million square feet of new industrial space was under construction at the end
of Q1. Additionally, about 4 million square feet of new office and retail space
was under construction at the end of the quarter as well. We expect a
continuation of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix
market, which will, in turn, support continued commercial development. Metro
Phoenix has also had growth in the residential real estate market. As you can
see in the lower panel of Slide 4, housing construction is expected to continue
the upward post-recession trend. In 2018, housing permits are expected to
increase by about 4,000 compared to 2017, driven by single-family permits. To
reduce -- reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's
retail customer base grew 1.7% in the first quarter of 2018. We expect that this
growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic
growth trends I just discussed.

In closing, I will review our earnings guidance and
financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings
for 2018 will be in the range of $4.35 to $4.55 per share. The rate increase,
our adjustment mechanism and sales growth will remain important gross margin
drivers, which we expect will be partly offset by higher fossil plant outage
cost and higher other operating expenses related to more plant in-service,
including higher D&A and property tax. As a reminder, we have higher fossil
plant outage cost in the first half of 2018. A complete list of key factors and
assumptions underlying our guidance is included in the appendix to our slides,
which had been revised to reflect the changes to guidance related to the
adoption of the new pension and other postretirement benefit accounting
standards I discussed earlier.

We continue to expect to issue up to $600 million of
long-term debt at APS this year, and overall liquidity remains very strong. Our
rate base growth outlook remains at 6% to 7% on average through 2020. The
company also continues to expect to achieve an annual consolidated earnings
return on average common equity of more than 9.5% through 2019. This concludes
our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the operator for
questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES, & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So I just wanted to understand a little bit more about the
O&M situation. As you roll forward into '19 and '20, because I know that
you've talked about before some of the other outages and upgrades that are
going on, can you just elaborate a little bit and perhaps give us a little bit
of a preview on how you're thinking about the cadence of the O&M
normalizing off this higher figure, if you will?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Go for it.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So we'll be done with major work in Four
Corners. And we've gone through really 2 to 3 years here where we've had
increased outages preparing for the SCRs as well as the combined cycle. As we
get beyond 2018, we will expect, with Navajo closing for one thing next year,
and just more normal run rate on the coal units, you're going to see that more
normalized outage O&M be in that $40 million, $45 million range, which we
had prior to 2016.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Right. So the
normalized level being more of the '13 to '15 range rather than the '16, '17,
'18, as you said?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, correct.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. And actually, you
brought up another dynamic in your last remark. Can you comment a little bit on
the dynamic to keep Navajo open? There were some recent media indications that
there was some potential hope there but can you elaborate on that? And
obviously, it seems like a small detail to you but is there any interest in
maintaining any megawatts on a contract basis or otherwise? And/or would you
receive proceeds if this were actually to happen?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EVP OF PUBLIC POLICY AND GENERAL
COUNSEL, ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY: Julien, it's Jeff. So the Navajo
situation is obviously being led by SRPs instead of operator of the power
plant. And so there's been a lot of activity over the last year on that but I
don't think the current situation has changed. I think there's an effort going
to see if they could continue to operate that plant after the other owners have
left but we're just watching that continue to develop. It's really an SRP
stance.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES, VP, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Guys, just curious. Don, some of the comments about the ballot
initiatives, and I don't really want to go into the ballot initiative. I want
to go into the economics of renewables, which is, do you see the addition of
incremental renewables to your system using the costs that are -- that folks
either bid into PPAs as raising or lowering the all-in cost to customers right
now? And then if you could think about where you think this is going over the
next few years, kind of give your view on how you think that plays out.

DONALD E. BRANDT: So Michael, it's dependent on how one
approaches it and if one does it in a constructive, deliberate fashion working
with the company obviously and the commission towards a goal that's good for
our customers and good for the environment. It can integrate quite well. In
this case, 50% renewable by 2030 is relatively ridiculous. And the costs are
extreme and the impact on the rest of the company's operations would have a
dramatic impact -- dramatically negative impact on cost.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Got it. Can you also talk about
upcoming RFPs and supply needs? And can you remind us, there were some pieces
of the last rate case settlement that kept Arizona Public Service from being
able to sell supply, and then other aspects of that where you could actually be
a supplier. And I'm thinking both for renewables and for conventional
generation.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Michael, this is Jeff. So we've got RFPs
out and we can get you the language in the last settlement. There are
exceptions and provisions to that, so we continue to move forward with the
RFPs. And the timing of that is in the 2020-2021 time frame. To Don's point,
one of the things we do, when we do these RFPs is we're resource-agnostic in
some cases. So when we go out for peaking capacity RFP, we don't specify the
resource. And people have bid in. We saw a bid that came back in our last RFP
for that, that was actually a combination of renewables and batteries. And it
came in as the most economic resource for the need that we were trying to fill.
So to that point, you can use these RFPs in a way to constructively build in to
the portfolio and to continue to develop renewables but it's better to do it in
a thoughtful way.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Got it. And then one for Jim. The
increase in transmission revenues, does that drop from the bottom line or is
that just -- and it looks like it does. And is that just due to higher
transmission rate base year-over-year or some other factor?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So that is really third-party winning --
or contract wins. These come off as a revenue credit when we do our next
formula rate. So it has the benefit of the year when it happened but it is a bottom
line impact.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with RBC.

INSOO KIM, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC, RESEARCH
DIVISION: My first question is on the CapEx plan, especially in 2020. The
current plan that you guys have in place, I assume, incorporates the
replacement, I guess, generation that you guys were contemplating the previous
RFP. Given the potential changes that you may make with regards to renewables
and the more cleaner resources, could that number, all else being equal, trend
up in the next revision?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I mean, it could. It turned up for
several reasons but we -- as you can see on the chart, we have new gas
generation, which is really Ocotillo, finishing up in the first quarter of '19,
as Don alluded to. And then we don't have anything in 2020. So obviously,
things have changed with battery storage and other things but nothing currently
contemplated.

INSOO KIM: Got it. And then in regards to weather-normalized
sales growth, I think year-over-year on the drivers, you guys had a pretty
meaningful increase. I was just looking at the appendix in the back, and the
weather-normalized retail sales were -- it seemed like it was down 0.4%. Unless
I'm reading something wrong, what's the discrepancy here?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. Well, what you have is the same
dynamic we really had in the fourth quarter last year, which is even though
quantity is down slightly, you do have pricing, when people are using the
power, benefiting. So put those together, you do have [sales growth]. But it's
not quantity-driven, it's more price-driven.

INSOO KIM: Got it. Okay. So the benefit was more
price-driven. Okay.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question. As you pointed out, the rate base growth you have is
6% to 7%. Recently, you also raised your dividend growth target to around 6%.
So when we think about your earnings outlook from the 2018 base with O&M
normalizing, et cetera, as you mentioned, going forward, is it fair to say that
EPS growth will pretty much be in line with how you're looking at rate base and
dividend growth going forward?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. We don't give earnings growth
targets but we've always talked about the earnings growth over the long term
being sort of bracketed by rate base and obviously the board looked at earnings
growth when they raised the dividend in October.

ALI AGHA: Yes, okay. And then, also Jim one of the other
things you also talked about is as you're thinking about '18 through '20 on a
consolidated earned ROE basis, the plan is grow 9.5% or higher. I know there's
no sort of ceiling per se on consolidated earned ROE but how should we think
about that realistically? Can you theoretically earn more than 10% on a
consolidated basis? Or is that a good proxy to think about in terms of, if
things are going in your favor, et cetera, as we think about 9.5% being ready
the target to be the floor?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, we are locked in at APS and
Pinnacle relies on APS for most of its earnings. So let's say, could we go
above Pinnacle's consolidated level, we could. But that's not likely because
APS is going to be on that slightly less than 10% ROE. So I don't know exactly
how else you get there.

ALI AGHA: Got it. And the delta between, say, consolidated
and EPS would be -- is that a good rule of thumb to think about?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: What? I'm sorry, Ali?

ALI AGHA: Or on ROE, when we think about APS and consolidated,
is that a good rule of thumb to think about what the delta is?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, you have APS and you're going to
have holding company debt and some other things. So yes, I think looking at APS
as a starting point, and then go on from there is a fairly good way to
construct that.

ALI AGHA: Yes. And lastly, just reconfirming. You were
talking about the timing differences on how Tax Reform has given back to
customer impact. But on annual basis, just to be clear, it should merit itself
out, right? So the annual impact would still be neutral. Is that right?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, it is some timing between quarters
and we have a slide in the Appendix on Slide 8 that actually shows pretax
earnings, expected spread and that's sales expected spread across the quarter.
So that gives a good look at sort of the mismatch.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you talk about the energy efficiency and DSM
filings that, I think, are still pending approval. My understanding is that the
energy efficiency program you were looking at trying to attack more peak load
reductions to ease the duck curve ramping and that might reduce some of the lag
that you experienced between customer growth and load growth.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, Michael. It's Jeff. It's really
reflecting the change. The duck curve is part of it but it's the idea that you
got situations where you want to encourage load and consumption in the middle
of the day. And so traditional programs, like lightbulbs that don't really look
at that time difference aren't as effective in the environment that we're in.
And so we have looked at trying to shift that more towards attacking the peak,
which is really where you can grab more value out of the program. So they're
still being reviewed by the commission. Not sure when that's going to work its
way out but that's probably the trend that's going.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: And you assume -- you have to assume some
level of customer adoption for that to happen.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Right. And then on -- I think you
indicated that electric sales went to normalize or improving this quarter. And
how many quarters in a row do you think you'd need before you started -- where
it started to flow into the long-term guidance?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I don't know that we would do much with
guidance. At this point, we had fairly modest sales growth of near of a half to
1%, 1.5% So a little upside would be good. I, based on where we are, don't
really see that happening right now but we would take that -- we'd go to update
guidance later this year if it happened.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Is there a certain number of quarters
you'd like to see to make sure a trend is shaping up?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Ridzon with KeyBanc.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON, VP AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, KEYBANC
CAPITAL MARKETS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: In the first quarter, rate relief was
basically offset by Tax Reform timing impacts. Is the right way to think about
this still on an annual basis, the net is about $20 million?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: There should be no impact on the income
tax.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON: Okay. But we -- though actually, is
income tax offsetting part of the rate increase and that delta is about $20
million?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, we had a rate increase of slightly
less than $90 million. And the rate reduction for the tax impact is 119 but the
119 doesn't really impact the bottom line over the course of the year.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON: What was weather relative to normal?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So weather relative to normal was off
about $0.09 at $13 million. And it really relates to heating degree days that
the residential side was way down year-over-year.

PAUL THOMAS RIDZON: You also have year-over-year of down
$0.09. So last year was essentially normal?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, that's right.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with MorningStar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I think this question is for Jim. I just want to make sure I
understand this. If I look at Slide 6, you've added this line under income, $45
million to $55 million. And that's primarily the new accounting for pension.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct. It was embedded in O&M
previously.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Oh, it was included in O&M.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Got it. Okay. That -- okay. But sort of
that leads to another question. Now you have this other line to manage,
although it was included in O&M, but the accounting is treated different.
So you're going to have to manage that as part of your commitment, which I
respect and a lot of other people do, that -- to hit that 9.5% ROE. Now you
have this other line to manage. Is that going to change the way you manage the
pension from at all?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No. And we had to manage it before. We
feel good about our pension funding, 95% funded on a GAAP basis. OPEB is
actually overfunded. So we feel good about the line. All the accounting
treatment did is take -- separate your service from nonservice pension or OPEB
costs, that's all it did. So no difference in how we would have approached the
business.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: So just a
few quick ones here. The Steyer initiative, you guys -- do you have any
thoughts on how that might impact sort of voter turnout in the upcoming
election? And just any other thoughts about how you see some of the things that
we might think about, about sort of the local stuff down there that we should
think about? I know it's a ways away, I apologize for that. But just any
thoughts that we should have in terms of the upcoming election?

DONALD E. BRANDT: So Paul, November is, in political talk, a
light year away, so a lot can happen between now and then. The most critical
aspect on this ballot initiative is a big if, whether it qualifies for the
ballot or not. And we'll take it one step at a time going forward. So we're
actively opposing it and pretty much universally across the business community.
People understand the implications that are all negative for Arizona, for our
customers and basically all the residents of Arizona.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. Fair enough. And then just we've seen
some M&A activity out there, and I'm sure you guys have been watching this
as well. Just any thoughts about what you're seeing there in terms of what some
of these companies are going for? And -- I don't know, so if the leverage, in
some case, is deployed and just sort of your own balance sheet? How attractive
you guys might be? And -- I don't know, any thoughts that we might have or any
thoughts you guys have -- excuse me, in terms of how -- what you're seeing out
there? Any sort of -- any insights you might have with respect to that?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Well, just as you do. We stay abreast of
what's going on out there. And every transaction is unique to that -- those
companies involved in those particular transactions. And I'll just leave it at
that.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050218a11462660.760










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
BUSINESS OPERATIONS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); INTERIM
FINANCIAL RESULTS (89%); PUBLIC POLICY (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); LAWYERS (74%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (71%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (57%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (57%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); STI (NYSE) (72%);
MORN (NASDAQ) (71%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (93%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (93%); NAICS221113
NUCLEAR ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (93%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (93%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED
WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES
(91%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911 ELECTRIC
SERVICES (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (72%); SIC6712
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS
(72%); NAICS511120 PERIODICAL PUBLISHERS (71%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL
SERVICES (71%); SIC2721 PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING
(71%); NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT & GENERAL MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING SERVICES (57%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (99%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS
(94%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES &
OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); ENERGY & UTILITIES (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%);
NATURAL GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%);
HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PERIODICAL PUBLISHING (90%); PUBLISHING (90%); WEALTH
MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE ENERGY (76%); CONSULTING
SERVICES (76%); ENERGY & UTILITY TRADE (76%); NUCLEAR ENERGY (76%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%); LAWYERS (74%); INFORMATION
MANAGEMENT (72%); INTERNET & WWW (69%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 May 6, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

February
22, 2019 Friday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 5325 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel T. Froetscher

Arizona Public Service Company - EVP of Operations

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - EVP of Public Policy

* Stefanie Layton

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Insoo Kim

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity
Research Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Weinstein

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the
Pinnacle West Capital Corporation 2018 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Conference
Call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, it is my pleasure to turn the floor
over to your host, Ms. Stefanie Layton. Ma'am, the floor is yours.

STEFANIE LAYTON, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Jess. I would like to thank everyone for participating
in the conference call and webcast to review our fourth quarter and full year
2018 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers
today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff
Guldner, APS' President; and Daniel Froetscher, APS' Executive Vice President
of Operations, are also here with us.

First I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along
with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information.

Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking
statements based on current expectations, and the company assumes no obligation
to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from
expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.
Our 2018 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to that document for
forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as Risk Factors and
MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those contained in our disclosures. A
replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for the next 30
days. It will also be available by telephone through March 1.

I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today.

Pinnacle West delivered a solid 2018 with earnings near the
top of our guidance range, constructive public policy outcomes and a balance
sheet that remains one of the strongest in the industry. Jim will discuss the
financial results. My comments will focus on our 2018 highlights and the year
ahead.

Our fleet performed well in 2018. Palo Verde Generating
Station completed another outstanding year of carbon-free electricity
production, generating 31.1 million megawatt hours of energy. It is also
notable that the team at Palo Verde completed the scheduled 2018 spring
refueling and maintenance outage in 28 days and 13 hours, the shortest in Palo
Verde history.

Turning to our generation needs. In 2018, we issued a
request for proposal for approximately 106 megawatts of battery storage to be
located on up to 5 of our AZ Sun sites. Based upon our evaluation of the RFP
responses, we expanded the initial phase of battery deployment to 141 megawatts
by adding a sixth AZ Sun site, which is expected to be in service by mid-2020.
This investment will allow customers to use energy from our existing AZ Sun
solar facilities during the peak period after the sun sets, increases fuel
savings for customers and further advances our clean energy portfolio goals.

In addition, we have entered into purchase power agreements
for over 600 megawatts of peaking capacity resources beginning in 2021. These
contracts are the result of our 2018 peaking capacity RFP and include 150
megawatts of battery storage and a 463-megawatt summer seasonal natural gas
power purchase agreement.

Looking forward, we will continue our efforts to meet future
customer needs with clean technologies. To accomplish this, we plan to install
at least 660 megawatts of APS-owned solar plus battery storage and stand-alone
battery storage systems by the summer of 2025. We expect to procure the first
260 megawatts in 2019. When added to our current commitments, we expect to
invest in a total of 950 megawatts of clean technology by 2025.

In addition to our investment in generation resources needed
to support customer growth, I'd like to highlight 2 other examples of capital
investments benefiting customers. First, we installed an additional transformer
near Four Corners, increasing our ability to meet rising demand for wheeling
services. The total project cost was $25 million invested from 2016 through
2018. We received $12 million in additional transmission revenue after placing
the transformer in service in 2018. Customers will benefit from lower rates
going forward as a result of our increased ability to offer these services.

The second investment is located in the West Valley. We
continue to see new companies building out on the west side of Phoenix. To support
this growth, we plan to invest $100 million to construct a new West Valley
service center that is expected to be completed in 2022.

Turning to the regulatory front, in January, the Arizona
Corporation Commission voted to conduct a review of APS' 2018 books and records
to determine whether the 2017 rate review order was implemented properly and
whether APS has earned more than its allowed rate of return.

In our opinion, reviewing APS' 2018 books and records is a
constructive way for the commission to complete its due diligence and gain
confidence in the outcome of our last rate review. We appreciate the
commission's commitment to understanding the facts, and we'll be providing the
commission staff with the information they need to complete the review by the
May 3 deadline.

We're confident the rate increase was implemented
appropriately, consistent with the rate review order. As Jim will discuss, our
2018 Arizona jurisdictional return on equity was 9.5%, which is less than the
authorized 10% return on equity.

The commission has also opened a docket to evaluate retail
competition. In Arizona, there are numerous legal challenges, consumer issues
and logistical challenges with implementing retail competition. For example,
implementation would require an amendment to the Arizona Constitution. Given
the challenges, we believe it will be very difficult to implement retail
competition in Arizona as things stand today. However, there is always value in
exploring different options and understanding the spectrum of possible
opportunities.

We appreciate the commission's interest in understanding the
negative impacts retail competition has had on residential customers in other
states. Two other important items in front of the commission are the Four
Corners SCR step increase request and a request to return an additional $86.5
million in tax savings to customers.

On November 27 of 2018, the administrative law judge issued
a recommended opinion and order consistent with the commission staff's proposed
$58.47 million revenue increase. We expect a decision on the SCR step increase
request and the tax refund request in early 2019.

For our company, we believe 2019 will be a productive year
with our strategic priorities centered around clean energy, affordability and
reliability. We recognize that achieving success in our corporate strategic
initiatives will only happen through our people. Putting our people first and
prioritizing development has been at the forefront. I'm pleased to highlight
the recent promotion of Jeff Guldner, previously our Executive Vice President
of Public Policy, to his new position as President of APS. Jeff is a strong and
thoughtful leader with a deep understanding of the complex issues facing our
industry. I know that under his leadership, the company will be well positioned
to meet the challenges presented by a growing Arizona, and I look forward to
working closely with Jeff to lead our company forward.

In summary, we delivered on our commitments in 2018 and are
well positioned for 2019 and the long term. We have clear priorities and a
strong leadership team in place to achieve our goals. We remain focused on
creating value, our core business, while delivering on our financial and
operational commitments. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you, again, everyone, for
joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the
fourth quarter and full year 2018.

As you can see on Slide 3 of the materials, we had a
successful year. Before I review the details of our 2018 results, let me
briefly touch on some of the key factors from the quarter, which can be found
on Slide 4.

For the fourth quarter of 2018, we earned $0.23 per share
compared to $0.19 per share in the fourth quarter of 2017. Adjusted gross
margin was down $0.15 per share compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Higher
sales-related revenue and a change in residential rate design and seasonal
rates were more than offset by the unfavorable weather and the refund to
customers resulting from federal tax reform. As a reminder, the 2017 rate
review order established new rate options for customers. The new rates shifted
a portion of the revenue previously collected during the summer to non-summer
months, better aligning revenue collection with the cost to serve. Offsetting
the decrease in adjusted gross margin were lower operating and maintenance
expenses, higher pension and other post-retirement benefits nonservice credits,
other income and lower adjusted income tax expense.

For the full year 2018, we delivered solid results with
earnings at the upper end of our guidance range, earning $4.54 per share
compared to $4.35 per share in 2017. Reflected in these results is an ACC
jurisdictional ROE of 9.5%. When we calculated the ACC jurisdictional ROE, we
excluded revenue related to FERC jurisdiction. FERC represents approximately
17% of rate base and has an authorized ROE of 10.75%.

Turning your attention to Slide 5. I'll review some
highlights of our full year results. Gross margin was a key driver during the
year with a few core components. The rate increase that went into effect on
August 19, 2017, contributed $0.69 per share. However, increases in operating
expenses offset a portion of the benefit to gross margin. Transmission revenue
added $0.18 per share, due in part to the addition of new long-term billing
agreements. The LFCR added incremental growth to our gross margin at $0.02 per
share, higher sales-related revenue added $0.16 per share to gross margin in
2018, driven by customer growth and higher average effective prices. Offsetting
drivers included the refund to customers resulting from federal tax reform and
unfavorable weather.

Looking next at operating expense. Operations and maintenance
expense was up in 2018 compared to 2017, decreasing earnings by $0.50 per
share, primarily due to higher costs at APS for planned outages, transmission
and distribution and customer service cost, information technology and the
parent-level higher public outreach costs.

Higher depreciation and amortization expense decreased
earnings $0.33 per share in 2018 as compared to 2017. The increase was
primarily related to plant additions and the $61 million annual increase in
D&A rates approved in 2017 rate order. Other taxes were higher in 2018
relative to 2017, reflecting higher property values and the impact related to
the amortization of our property tax deferral as part of the 2017 rate order.

Pension and other post-retirement benefits nonservice
credits increased pretax income by approximately $25 million or $0.17 per share
in 2018 compared to 2017. The increase was primarily related to higher market
returns in 2017 and the adoption of new pension and OPEB accounting guidance in
2018.

Lastly, the refund to customers resulting from federal tax
reform was offset by a lower effective tax rate as illustrated in more detail
on Slide 13. The net effect of adjusted net income, including the benefits of
federal corporate tax cuts offset by nondeductible costs and other items
decreased earnings $0.08 per share.

As you know, Arizona's economy continues to be an integral
part of our investment thesis. I'll cover some of the trends we are seeing in
our local economy.

Now looking to Slide 6, Metro Phoenix continues to show strong
job growth and has consistently been above the national average. In 2018,
employment in Metro Phoenix increased 3.3% compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S.
Job growth remains strong in the construction and manufacturing sectors, a sign
of strength in the regional economy. Construction employment increased by 11.5%
in 2018 and manufacturing employment increased by 5.9%. We expect a
continuation of business expansion and the related job growth to continue to
support commercial and economic development.

The Metro Phoenix residential real estate market has also
continued its upward post-recession trend. In 2018, we expect a total of 30,000
housing permits, an increase of about 4,200 compared to 2017, driven by
single-family permits.

In 2019, we expect a total of 34,000 permits, continuing the
upward trend we have seen since the end of the recession. We believe that solid
job and income growth and relatively low mortgage rates should allow the Metro
Phoenix housing market and the economy, more generally, to continue to expand
faster than the national average.

Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions,
APS' retail customer base grew 2% in the fourth quarter of 2018 and 1.7% for
the entire year. We expect that this growth rate will continue to accelerate in
response to the economic growth trends I just discussed.

Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future
population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be in
place, and we believe Phoenix should remain one of the country's
fastest-growing large metropolitan areas.

Switching to our financing activity. On December 21,
Pinnacle West entered into a $150 million term loan facility that matures in
December 2020. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. In 2019,
we expect to issue up to $950 million of long-term debt at APS. Overall,
liquidity remains strong. At the end of the fourth quarter, Pinnacle West had
$76 million in short-term debt outstanding and APS had no short-term borrowings
outstanding.

A quick note on pension. The funded status of our pension
remains healthy at 90% as of year-end 2018. This was largely due to the
continued success of our liability-driven investment strategy, which has helped
mitigate risk to our benefit plan funded status.

Turning to our earnings guidance and financial outlook. As
shown on Slide 7, we expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2019 to be
in the range of $4.75 to $4.95 per share. A complete list of key factors and
assumptions underlying our 2019 guidance is in the appendix to our slides. We
have extended our capital expenditures and rate base forecast through 2021 on
Slides 8 and 9. We anticipate APS' capital investment to be around $1.5 billion
in 2021, driven by investments in clean energy, infrastructure to support our
customer growth and grid modernization.

In closing, 2018 was another great year for Pinnacle West.
We delivered earnings at the top of our guidance range and increased our
dividend for the seventh straight year. 2019 is off to a great start with the
announcement of 950 megawatts of additional clean technology and growth in the
West Valley. Our growth in clean energy investments are just a couple of
examples supporting our long-term rate base growth outlook of 6% to 7%. This
concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over to the
operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question on this -- the Four Corners step increase. I thought
originally that was to have happened by the beginning of the year. Any reason
for the delay in that? And does that in any way impact your '19 guidance
depending on when that does actually take place?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Ali, this is Jeff. So the recommended opinion and order is
out on the SCR increase. It has not gone to the commission yet. It's possible
that, that could push out to when they're further into the rate audit. And so
that is just underway right now. It doesn't have an impact on guidance.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We're very comfortable with the guidance.

ALI AGHA: So assuming this happens around May time period,
that should still be fine with the guidance?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Secondly, on the rate base CAGR, so if I
just took the '17 through '21 numbers that you're showing us, that CAGR is
closer to 8%. So I just wanted to reconcile that with the 6% to 7% that you
have on the same chart. Fair to say that at least over the next 3, 4 years,
we're running at a faster pace than that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That -- I would only add that your math
is correct, but you're looking at one point in time. And as you go past beyond
2021, we're comfortable with the 6% to 7%.

ALI AGHA: I see. And then lastly, just on a funding note.
There's obviously a pretty big step up in CapEx in '21. '19 and '20 are pretty
robust as well. So can you just remind us where the equity needs show in and
when external equity would be required to fund that and roughly how much -- how
should we be thinking about that for modeling purposes?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So any equity we issue would not
necessarily be for '21 CapEx, but it would be more related to the capital
structure at APS. And we will need to top that off at some point this year. And
if it isn't in the form of equity, it would be a modest amount.

ALI AGHA: I see. So think about that sometime later this
year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: If we get anything, yes, it would be
later this year.

OPERATOR: We'll move next to Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank
of America Merrill Lynch.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So perhaps following up a little bit on Ali's questions.
First, let me start where he left off on the CapEx front. Can you just
elaborate a little bit? '21 is obviously the first year of higher CapEx. You
talk about this 2019 RFP of 260 megawatts. Is that the full amount reflected in
'21? And I just want to understand a little bit, and I acknowledge we are
early, on how the cadence of that RFP could play out in the subsequent years,
and again, under the assumption that you own this. And the other little piece,
if you could address, is we haven't seen too many storage projects in utility
ownership yet. How are you thinking about the dollar per kilowatt capital cost
here, right, i.e., the number of hours, et cetera, the parameters, if you will?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So I think, in terms of what we have
announced to date, the combination PPA and ownership, as we move forward, we're
more inclined to ownership, but the RFPs will dictate what we do as well as
cost moving forward.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Okay. Fair enough.
But the 260, is that fully baked into 2021 itself? Is there some that leads
into -- bleeds into '22? And then separately, I presume that you're assuming
that you've got the 260 in your outlook? Or is there some haircutting on that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We have in the outlook what is expected
to incur by 2021, yes.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Okay. Excellent. Just
to come back to the Four Corners side of the equation real quickly. Obviously,
sales are oriented towards the summer. Is there anything further in terms of
time line here that would give the ACC some need or requirement to kind of vote
on that thing?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: No, not a requirement, Julian, but yes,
it's -- the rate audit right now is scheduled to go through May 3.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Is there any reason
to link one versus the other? Obviously, they are separate and distinct in
efforts here. There's no reason to think they're going to wait for that.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: They are separate, right. But they're --
one of the things they're looking at is whether there was overearning in 2018,
and we feel that once the commissioners have the information in their hand,
they'll make an informed decision.

OPERATOR: We'll move next to Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.

INSOO KIM, EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Regarding the upsized weather-normalized low growth
assumption from '19 to '21, I think my understanding is that, that's the impact
of the distributor generation impact coming off and maybe it's some -- the less
of the energy efficiency investments that should more align customer growth
with low growth. Especially on the EE side, have you seen -- have you been
seeing the effects of customer education to use more power at the off-peak
hours? It seems like the upsize growth kind of depends on the changes in
customer behavior on usage?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I would say, it has an impact on really
prices realized and not kWhs consumed. I think what we saw was a very strong
fourth quarter with 0.3% growth, and we're beginning to see the economic
activity in the West Valley, which is what we've been talking about for a
couple of years, begin to come to fruition. I will say meter sets, which are a
leading indicator, exceeded budget in January for the first time in a long
time. So we are seeing now the realization of this economic activity happening.

INSOO KIM: So that when you look at the changes in customer
growth outlook, that moderated down about 0.5% on average annually, but the low
growth went up, so that would assume that the usage per customer, whether it's
retail or residential or commercial, that would -- is expected to pick up?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That's correct.

INSOO KIM: Got it. And then in regards to the clean energy
investments, including storage, would that be need to go through a rate case
for recovery? Or are there contemplations on potential mechanisms to cover the
costs and earn a return during the construction?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So the PPA construct would go through a
procedure to get it into the PSA. What we rate base would be recovered in
normal course over time.

INSOO KIM: Through a rate case, right?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Charles Fishman with Morningstar
Research.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: The questions I have are concerning Slide 8, the capital
expenditure, and specifically, the new bar, 2021. Is the -- the increase in
clean generation, is that -- a little less than $200 million between '21 and
'20, is that the expansion of the battery program?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes. That will be battery and as well as
utilities, you have solar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Okay. And then that new distribution
center in West Phoenix that you mentioned, where does that enter in on the
bars, what year we're at?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: The activity for it has occurred some in
'18 and will occur in '19 and '20 and '21, the infrastructure for the West
Valley will be ongoing.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Roughly, how much -- I envision that as
a facility for your distribution trucks and people and things. Is that -- am I
picturing that correctly?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER, EVP OF OPERATIONS, ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE COMPANY: Yes, Charles, this is Daniel Froetscher. Yes, that is a
facility to be used for predominantly our transmission and distribution teams.
It's located in the West Valley, sits on about an 88-acre parcel. It's a
multi-year build that will total roughly $85 million to $90 million.

OPERATOR: We'll move next to Michael Weinstein with Crédit
Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So the IRP that -- filing that's coming up in the
spring, how much more of the -- how much more CapEx can we expect to see? How much
of an early indication is the 2021 bump in CapEx as to how this IRP is going to
be shaping up and how many more years of view do you think we'll get out of
that at that point?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: Michael, this is Daniel Froetscher. I
wouldn't correlate necessarily our preliminary IRP, which is due a little later
this year to 2021 and beyond. We obviously haven't forecasted the CapEx beyond
2021. I think the IRP will foundationally serve as a forward-look shaping
mechanism relative to our resource requirements and our desired resource
choices for additional capacity and energy.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Got you. And are you getting any kind of
indication from Commissioner Kennedy as to her desire for renewables at this
point? Is she -- I'm curious about what kind of talk you've had with the new
commissioners?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Michael, this is Jeff. So Commissioner
Kennedy, went she came on the bench indicated that she was going to propose,
there was talking about a 50% renewable energy standard by 2028. And so that's
what we've heard from her. Commissioner Tobin, if you can recall, has a
proposal for an 80% clean standard. And so we expect there will be some
dialogue at the commission around those various proposals.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Do you think that will be entering into
the draft IRP?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Well, the IRP -- so IRP is going to
certainly intersect that at some point. So it's a little hard to tell how
exactly all that's going to ultimately unfold. But obviously, if you file an
IRP and they're having some discussion around those potential standards,
they're going to intersect.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Paul Patterson with Glenrock
Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: So I was
wondering, with this increase in retail sales, and I apologize if I missed
this, when is the next time you guys expect to go into a full rate case?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Right now, our expectation is to file
June 1 of 2020.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. And then with respect to the
discussion around competition, what do you think is driving that? I hear your
guys' arguments on how it doesn't really work for most ratepayers, but what do
you think is driving this sort of -- I'm old enough to remember when this first
came up. What do you think is causing this new interest in it?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Paul, I think, there's -- certainly you
saw Nevada, there was a push there. There are still discussions that, I think,
occur around the country periodically. It has been a topic in Arizona kind of
off and on for a while. We continue to see that the challenges, as Don
mentioned in his comments, the legal framework here in Arizona is
constitutionally grounded. And so that makes it more challenging to implement
something here, but again, the conversations in terms of what are customers
realizing in other states, what are the challenges being confronted in other
states, those are all good conversations to have, and we will share our
viewpoints on that.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. With respect to the battery and solar
combination, how should we think about sort of what that -- how that compares
in terms of cost and flexibility to a gas plant, if such a comparison can be
made? Or what kind of, sort of, capacity value can we sort of -- should we
think about with a combination of these things, do you follow me, if there is
any quantitive certain number that you have around this?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: Paul, this is Daniel. I would simply
say that coming off of our 2018 request for proposals, we were pleasantly
surprised by the cost competitiveness of batteries, in general. Obviously, we
have made some decisions then that as an alternative to gas as a peaking
capacity for the late afternoon, early evening ramp that we experience from a
system standpoint, that battery storage charged by daytime solar generation
over 3- to 4-hour ramp windows in that late afternoon, early evening time frame
is a viable solution for our customers and our system.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay, and by viable, without the
environmental benefits and what have you, would you say it's higher than what
we'd see if you had a gas plant sort of thing working with solar? Or is there
any -- do you follow what I'm saying? I'm just trying to get sort of a picture
as to how that -- what that kind of means, if you follow me?

DANIEL T. FROETSCHER: Yes, I would simply say we found it to
be quite cost competitive.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. Impressive. And then just finally,
back on the question about customer sales, which really seemed to -- your
forecast has really bumped out without customer growth really changing. Is that
the size of the customer that -- when you mentioned economic growth, could you
just elaborate just a little bit further on that in terms of what exactly --
how that actually -- is this -- is that just because there are larger customers
that are coming on board? Or that the customers that you have are going to be
using a lot more electricity? Just sort of how should we think about that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think what you're seeing in the West
Valley is a lot of large commercial warehousing distribution, data center. So
you're getting a different mix of customer in that customer growth as well.

OPERATOR: And with no other questions I'll turn the
conference back to the speakers for closing remarks.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your
participation. You may disconnect your phone lines at this time, and have a
great day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 022219a12264586.786










 EXECUTIVES (93%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BUSINESS OPERATIONS
(90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); ANNUAL REPORTS (79%); ANNUAL FINANCIAL
RESULTS (78%); PUBLIC POLICY (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (75%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (75%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (94%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (94%); GS (NYSE) (91%); STI (NYSE) (72%);
MORN (NASDAQ) (72%)










 NAICS221122 ELECTRIC POWER DISTRIBUTION (94%);
NAICS221121 ELECTRIC BULK POWER TRANSMISSION & CONTROL (94%); NAICS221113 NUCLEAR
ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (94%); NAICS221112 FOSSIL FUEL ELECTRIC POWER
GENERATION (94%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS,
& FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%);
SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC
(91%); NAICS221111 HYDROELECTRIC POWER GENERATION (91%); SIC4911 ELECTRIC
SERVICES (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (72%); SIC6712
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (72%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS
(72%); NAICS511120 PERIODICAL PUBLISHERS (72%); SIC7375 INFORMATION RETRIEVAL
SERVICES (72%); SIC2721 PERIODICALS: PUBLISHING, OR PUBLISHING & PRINTING
(72%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (99%); ELECTRIC POWER PLANTS (94%); BANKING &
FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); ENERGY & UTILITIES (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); NATURAL GAS &
ELECTRIC UTILITIES (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (90%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (90%); HYDROELECTRIC POWER (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%);
NEW ISSUES (90%); PERIODICAL PUBLISHING (90%); PUBLISHING (90%); WEBCASTS
(89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); ALTERNATIVE & RENEWABLE
ENERGY (76%); ENERGY & UTILITY TRADE (76%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (76%);
NUCLEAR ENERGY (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (75%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%);
REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%); INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (72%); INTERNET & WWW
(70%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 February 28, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

February
23, 2018 Friday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 4278 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, CEO &
President

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Executive VP & CFO

* Stefanie Layton

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD, Head of Power
& Utilities Research and Fundamental Research Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities, & Alternative Energy Equity Research

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call.
(Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is
now my pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you, Ms. Layton, you may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you, Doug. I would like to thank
everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our
fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating
performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and
our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS' Executive Vice President of Public
Policy; and Mark Schiavoni, APS' Chief Operating Officer are also here with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along
with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments on
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and
the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual
results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place
undue reliance on these statements. Our 2017 Form 10-K was filed this morning.
Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary
language as well as the risk factors and MD&A sections, which will identify
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will be available
shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by
telephone through March 2.

I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Stephanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. 2017 was a strong year for our company financially, operationally and in
the areas of safety and public policy.

After increasing the dividend in October for the 6th
straight year, we completed 2017 with earnings exceeding expectations. Jim will
discuss the financial results. My comments will focus on our 2017 highlights in
the year ahead. Our fleet continued to perform well in 2017. Palo Verde
generating station completed another outstanding year of carbon-free
electricity production, generating 32.3 million megawatt hours of energy. It's
also notable that the team of Palo Verde completed each of the scheduled 2017
spring and fall refuelings and maintenance outages in 30 days. This is the
first time in plant's history when both outages were completed in 30 days. Our
generation fleet continues to evolve by integrating additional clean energy and
by focusing on meeting our peak demand. The 2017 request for proposal for
heating capacity resources concluded with a power purchase agreement for 65
megawatts of solar with 50 megawatts of battery storage. This will be one of
the largest battery storage systems in the country.

Although, APS has recognized that it's the national leader
in solar energy with more than a gigawatt of solar power on our system, this
next step toward battery storage will ensure the sun helps power Arizona homes
into the early evening when our customer demand for electricity peaks. The
facility is expected to begin serving customers in 2021.

Our investments are focused both on additional clean energy
resources and the technology necessary to support these resources.

Our 2017 operations benefited from the robust technology
investments that were further strengthening our electric system, increased
efficiency of our operations and improved our customers' experience. Among the
most significant improvements were the implementation of a new advanced
distribution management system, or ADMS, and customer information system. ADMS
has increased our ability to control the grid remotely, while the customer
information system has increased our ability to respond to customers.

Our continued investment in system improvements has resulted
in other tangible customer benefits. In 2017, we achieved top quartile
distribution reliability metrics and had the best summer reliability in 5 years
despite the hot and demanding weather. APS also remained top decile for safety
performance as compared to our pure electric utilities. The transmission and
distribution organization had its safest year ever. The safety of our men and
women is our top priority. It's indicative not only of our commitment to our
people, but it also reflects our commitment to operational excellence. We'll
continue to strive for zero, a truly injury-free workplace.

Turning to the regulatory front. A positive and
collaborative outcome of our rate review was a milestone accomplishment in
2017. The Arizona Corporations Commission's decision clearly demonstrates
Arizona's interest in capitalizing on the changing dynamics of the electric
utility industry and meeting the evolving needs of our customers. We will
continue this progress in 2018 as our customers transition to the new rates.
Although the rate review is complete, there are a number of public policy items
to be decided in 2018. A step-increase request for the SCR environmental
control project at Four Corners will be filed in April. And the commission's
expected to vote on the 2018 demand-side management plan, and yesterday, the
commission approved a $119 million bill reduction for customers based on
federal corporate tax reductions. The savings from the tax reductions will be
passed directly to customers through the tax expense adjustor mechanism, a new
adjustor mechanism that was included in our 2017 rate review.

We intend to file a subsequent application with the
commission later this year and pass through additional savings from the federal
tax reform to our customers.

In addition, discussions continue on ways to economically
integrate more clean energy resources statewide without jeopardizing
reliability or magnifying the over generation challenges in the middle of the
day.

For 2018, our strategic priority is centered around consumer
engagement, flexible resources, employees and innovation. Specifically, we plan
to deliver consumer-driven programs and services, develop new initiatives that
leverage our core capabilities, adopt sustainable programs that support our
people and integrate new technologies to enhance performance reliability and
the overall experience of our customers. These priorities align with our
mission of safely and efficiently delivering energy to meet the changing needs
of our customers.

In summary, we achieved another year of outstanding
performance as we focus on delivering on our commitments to the customers who
depend on us, the communities we serve, our dedicated employees and the
shareholders who trust us with their investment. For 2018, we have clear
priorities and alignment amongst the senior leadership to execute collectively
on these priorities.

I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don. And thank you, again, everyone, for
joining us today. This morning, we reported our financial results for the
fourth quarter and full year 2017.

As you can see on Slide 3 of the materials, we had a solid
year. Before I review the details of our 2017 results, let me briefly touch on
some of the key factors from the quarter.

For the fourth quarter of 2017, we earned $0.19 per share
compared to $0.47 per share for the fourth quarter of 2016. Slide 4 outlines
the variances which drove the decrease in our quarterly earnings. Looking at
adjusted gross margin, the rate increase, higher sales-related revenue and
transmission revenue were all positive contributions.

As we anticipated, higher adjusted operations and
maintenance expense in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to the 2016
decreased earnings, largely due to the higher planned outage costs related to
the SCR installation at Four Corners Unit 5.

Now turning your attention to Slide 5, I'll review some
highlights of our full year results. We delivered strong results in 2017 that
exceeded our guidance range of $4.15 to $4.30, earning $4.35 per share compared
to $3.95 per share in 2016. Actual results were higher than projected due in
part to effective cost management and higher revenues.

Gross margin was a key driver in 2017 with the key core
components. The rate increase that went into effect on August 19, 2017,
contributed $0.30. Note, however, that there were related increases in
operating expenses that partially offset the benefit of gross margin. Higher
sales-related revenue added $0.13 to gross margin in 2017, driven by customer
growth and higher average affected prices.

Transmission and LFCR revenues also continued to add
incremental growth to our gross margin and combined contributed $0.31 per
share.

Looking next at operating expenses. Operations and
maintenance expense was up slightly in 2017 compared to 2016 and decreased
earnings by $0.03 per share primarily due to higher employee benefit and
information technology costs, partially offset by lower Palo Verde operating
cost and lower possible generating cost. Higher depreciation and amortization
expense was the largest offset for 2017 earnings compared to 2016. The increase
was primarily related to plant additions and includes a $61 million annual
increase in D&A rates approved in 2016 rate review order. Other taxes were
higher in 2017 relative to 2016, reflecting higher property value and the
impacts related to the amortization of the property tax deferral as part of the
2017 rate review order.

Lastly, higher interest expense, net of AFUDC, reduced
earnings in 2017 compared to 2016. This included higher interest charges due to
higher balances, partially offset by higher construction work-in-progress
balances contributed to AFUDC. As you know, Arizona's economy continues to be
an integral part of our investment thesis. I'll cover some of the trends we are
seeing in our local economy. The Metro Phoenix area continues to show job
growth among -- above the national average, as seen in the upper panel of Slide
6. Through December, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 4% compared to 1.3%
for the entire U.S. This above-average job growth is broad-based and driven
largely by tourism, health care, manufacturing, finance and construction. The
Metro Phoenix unemployment rate at 3.7% also reflects the strength of the job
market. Arizona's political and community leaders continue supporting economic
development.

Recently, Nikola Motor Company announced it would move its
headquarters and build a new $1 billion manufacturing plant West of Phoenix.
This movement is expected to bring 2,000 jobs to the Metro area with
construction set to begin this year. This is one example of the ongoing
business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market. Metro Phoenix
also had growth in the residential and real estate market. As you can see on
the lower panel of Slide 6, housing construction is expected to continue the
upward post-recession trend. Permits for new single-family homes in 2017 were
the highest level since 2007. The activity in the market is providing
meaningful support to home prices, which have returned to the levels last seen
in early 2008. We believe that solid job growth and low mortgage rates should
allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy, more generally, to
continue to expand at this pace over the next couple of years.

Reflecting this steady improvement in economic conditions,
APS' retail customer base grew 1.8% in 2017, which is also the highest growth
rate since 2007. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually
accelerate in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed.
Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future population job growth
and the economic development in Arizona appear to be in place. Switching topics
to our financing activities, on November 30, Pinnacle West issued $300 million
of 3-year, 2.25% senior unsecured notes. The net proceeds were used to repay
Pinnacle West $125 million term loans and for general corporate purposes. In
2018, we expect to issue up to $600 million of long-term debt at APS. Overall,
liquidity remains strong. At the end of the fourth quarter, Pinnacle West had
$95 million in short-term debt outstanding, and APS had no short-term
borrowings outstanding.

A quick note on pension. The funded status of our pension
remains healthy at 95% as of year-end 2017. This is largely due to the
continued success of our liability-driven investment strategy.

Turning to our earning guidance and financial outlook. As
shown on Slide 7, we expect Pinnacle West consolidated earnings for 2018 will
now be in the range of $4.35 per share to $4.55 per share, up $0.10 from $4.25
to $4.45 per share. This increase in guidance is supported by continuation of
our cost management and favorable cost trends coupled with a solid gross margin
forecast. Our earnings outlook also incorporates the financial impacts from tax
reform, including the tax expense adjustor mechanism, which was approved in
last year's rate review in the lower effective tax rate.

This rate increase, our adjustor mechanism and sales growth
remain important gross margin drivers, which we expect will be partially offset
by higher fossil plant outage costs and higher other operating expense related
to more plant in-service, including higher D&A and property taxes.

As a reminder, we have higher fossil plant outage costs in
the first half of 2018, including the 9 and 5-day SCR installation of Four
Corners Unit 4 and planned outages at our gas plants such as Redhawk. As
updated -- an updated list of the key factors and assumptions underlying our
revised 2018 outlook is included in the appendix to our slides. Also included
in today's materials, you will see that we have extended our capital
expenditures in our rate base forecast through 2020. We increased our capital
expenditures forecast for 2019 to $1.15 billion, and we anticipate APS' spend
to be around $1.2 billion in 2020. With this capital spending level, we expect
our rate base to continue to grow at an average annual rate of 6% to 7%,
although annual individual years may vary.

Before closing, I'll take a few minutes to walk through the
impacts of the tax reform. Though the various effects our mix, on balance, we
view the impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as favorable. Most notably, the
preservation of interest and property tax deductions for the regulated utility.
The reform package will also relieve some rate pressures. The corporate tax
rate reduction to 21%, beginning in 2018, results in $1.1 billion of excess
deferred tax and regulatory liability of $1.5 billion after the required
revenue grows up for APS. Under the new tax provision, a majority of these
excess deferred taxes are subject to IRS normalization provisions.

During 2018, we will be working with our federal and state
regulators to determine the period over which to return these excess deferred
tax to customers. We do not expect material earnings impact from the tax reform
package, especially given PNW's minimal parent-level debt. From a rate base
perspective, our preliminary estimates show incremental rate base increasing
approximately $150 million per year in 2018 and 2019 as a result of both the
lower tax rate and the legislative changes related to tax depreciation.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call
back over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD, HEAD OF POWER &
UTILITIES RESEARCH AND FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH
DIVISION: So looking at the drivers for the financial outlook for 2018, it
appears that the only meaningful change in the near term is that AFUDC is
higher by -- and that explains the -- all thing equal, the move up in the
range. Is that correct? And if so, can you just give us a brief explanation as
to why?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, so that's one driver and it's really
driven by the fact that we expect more construction work in progress in 2018
over 2017. But I think what's also being masked is that electric gross margins
were -- the big downward estimate was due to tax reform, but also, we show
higher retail revenue in there as well. We finished the year at 1.9% customer
growth, 1.8% for the year. So we're seeing continued improvement in that
economy. And although we did not change the O&M range, we expect to have a
lower O&M in 2018.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. So within the ranges for
electric gross margin and O&M, even though you didn't change them, all
things equal seen, you're sort of better inside those ranges than you were
before?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That's right, we'd see continuation of
effective cost controls.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: And that gross margin improvement,
that's due to the changes in the rate design that are allowing you to -- you
have historically given us sort of a spread between what you would expect to be
gross revenue or gross customer growth and sort of net revenue growth? If I'm
understanding right, the given rate design, you've seen some improvement in
that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think it's due to higher sales. We
expect 1.5 -- 1% to 1.5% in 2018, and we are seeing higher realized prices in
the last half of '17.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. And then there's been some
debate amongst investors on how to think about, structurally, how your earnings
power grows through time, especially when it gets to sort of 2020, now you've
given us rate base numbers, which help. But I just -- to be clear, when you
give your guidance, we should assume that you're still targeting a return on
parent equity of 9.5% or better. And that should be consistent through 2020,
and that we shouldn't be sort of obsessing about the equity layer in the
utility business or the rate base number, the notional equity value, but more
models here get your capital structure and model to whether or not we believe
that given these drivers, you can earn 9.5% or better on parent equity.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct. Gregg, nothing has changed in
our investment pieces.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES, & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So a couple of quick questions. First, on the CapEx update,
obviously, constructive here. Can you elaborate a little bit on what the
precise revenue pieces are? I know good monetization has been something that
has garnered some amount of attention. How fully baked are the numbers that
you're presenting here relative to the potential in the medium-term here? As
well as any potential incremental solar opportunity that may have emerged out
of the RFP, et cetera, just whether in the future, whether you acquire them or
otherwise? Just want to be clear about that.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So the big driver is really on the
distribution side, and that's really driven by modernization of the grid,
reliability, and then, really growth. We have 21 substations, new substations
planned over the next 3 years. So that's a sign of the -- comparing for future
growth as well. So those are the big drivers.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it, but it's relatively
fully reflected in the numbers as it stands?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, we continue to talk to customers,
like the city of Phoenix with a microgrid at the airport, things of that
nature. But none of that is in here because we do not have specific projects.
So incrementally, maybe a little upside, but I think it reflects our best
thinking as of now.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Great, excellent. And then
just turning back to the earned ROEs. Looking beyond 2018 here, obviously
you're doing well thus far. Can you comment a little bit on 2019 onwards earned
ROE expectations? Should we expect further pressure as you kind of wean away
from the latest rate case? Or how do you think about that given the latest
efforts for cost management that you've already taken?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think the last question, Don answered
the question was, we continue to take -- we'll earn somewhere between 9.5% and
9.9% based on revenue cost controls. We have the Four Corners step increase in
2019. And so nothing's changed in that regard.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Right, but even specifically,
'18 and '19, do you think your ability to consistently earn the ROE at the same
level is a fair statement at this point?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Jim, first, coming back to -- you said one of the big drivers for
both '18 guidance going up and the fourth quarter coming in stronger than given
the original expectations. On the revenue side, things came out better, cost as
well. But I just wanted to reconcile that with -- you reported negative 1.8%
weather-normalized retail sales numbers for the fourth quarter, even though customer
growth as you pointed was strong. So how do we reconcile strong customer growth
but negative retail sales but higher-than-expected actual revenues? Can you
just link those?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: It's just the realized price was based on
when customers use their electricity.

ALI AGHA: Okay, but the usage, shouldn't that be caught in
the weather-normalized retail sales growth number?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No. Sales are the number of units sold,
the revenue is really the impacted prices realized per unit.

ALI AGHA: Okay, so time of usage in other words.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, yes.

ALI AGHA: Okay, okay. And then secondly, on the tax reform
front, as you think about your financing plans over this '18 through '20 cycle,
call it, any changes at all that tax reform has triggered that would change any
of your medium, longer-term financing plans?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Not at this time. I mean, we're an A-. We
have a very pristine balance sheet, strong [asset corporate] debt and so we're
not looking or planning on equity at this time.

ALI AGHA: Okay, and the period we are looking at is this '18
through '20 sort of period?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I only had one question. Slide 11, third bullet point down
on the left, FERC guidance on rate reduction for transmission customers
expected in '18, would that be prospective? Or would you have -- can they go
backwards on that at all?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: It would not -- they would not be
retrospective, they would be '18 forward.

OPERATOR: There are no further questions in the queue. I'd
like to hand the call back over to management for closing comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines
at this time, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 022318a11190214.714










 EXECUTIVES (94%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL RESULTS
(89%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); DIVIDENDS (74%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (91%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); STI (NYSE) (91%); MORN (NASDAQ)
(72%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
WEBCASTS (89%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (77%); NATURAL GAS
& ELECTRIC UTILITIES (76%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (76%); INTERNET & WWW
(72%); ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (71%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (79%)










 February 27, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

November
3, 2017 Friday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 5497 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, CEO &
President

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - CFO, Executive VP, CFO
of Arizona Public Service Co. and Executive VP of Arizona Public Service Co.

* Stefanie Layton

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD, Head of Power
& Utilities Research and Fundamental Research Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director and Head of
the US Power, Utilities, & Alternative Energy Equity Research

* Michael Jay Lapides

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - VP

* Michael Weinstein

Credit Suisse AG, Research Division - United States
Utilities Analyst

* Shahriar Pourreza

Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD and Head
of North American Power

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank
everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our
third quarter 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our
speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim
Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS' Executive Vice President of Public Policy; and
Mark Schiavoni, APS' Chief Operating Officer, are also here with us. First, I
need to cover a few details with you. The slides we will be using are available
on our Investor Relations website, along with our earnings release and related
information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking
statements based on current expectations and the company assumes no obligation
to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from
expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.
Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please refer to that
document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as well as the
risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our
disclosures. A replay of this call will be available shortly on our website for
the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through November 10. I
will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. This year continues to be in line with our expectations and keeps us on
pace with our full year guidance. Although we experienced milder weather
compared to normal during September, our positive customer growth, ample
investment opportunities and disciplined cost management continue to support
our ability to meet financial commitments. Just last month, our board also
approved a 6.1% dividend increase, demonstrating the confidence our board and
our management team have in our ability to maintain sustainable growth. Before
Jim discusses the details of our third quarter results, I'll provide several
updates on recent regulatory and operational developments. Our rate review
concluded on August 15 (inaudible) on a corporation commission voting to
approve our settlement agreement without material modifications, including a
10% return on equity; and a $94.6 million base rate increase, which results in an
overall 3.3% customer bill increase. New rates went into effect on August 19.
The successful rate review outcome continues to demonstrate Arizona's
constructive regulatory environment. On September 1, we filed our proposed 2018
demand side management, or DSM, plan with the corporation commission. The 2018
DSM plan shifts focus to better align with our changing resource needs. The
plan moves away from incentives, where savings no longer align with system
needs. It also introduces new programs to shift customer usage to the middle of
the day, when solar resources are abundant and energy is less expensive. For
example, the 2018 DSM plan includes a pilot proposal to electrify school buses
and provide charging infrastructure. We believe electrifying vehicle fleets is
a win-win solution, utilizing excess power generated by solar during the middle
of the day while effectively reducing carbon emissions in a cost-efficient
manner. To further address excess mid-day power, the 2018 DSM plan also
includes an innovative reverse demand response pilot, allowing customers to
take advantage of negative pricing events. Further recognizing the growing
market for electric vehicles, for 2018, DSM plan includes a managed EV charging
pilot program for electric fleets, workplaces and multi-family housing
locations. And charging stations would be utility-controlled and available to
provide demand response and load-shifting capabilities. The shift in energy
efficiency towards a strategic focus on managing peak demand allows customers to
save money by encouraging usage during periods when energy is less expensive.
From an operational perspective, this shift helps address our overgeneration
challenges in the middle of the day. In addition, it plays a key role in
providing environmental benefits by allowing us to more fully utilize 0 or
low-carbon resources.

Turning to our operations. Our employees once again did an
excellent job, maintaining the generation fleet and electric grid this summer.
The Palo Verde generating station performed well, with all 3 units operating at
a combined capacity factor of 99.4%. Also, Unit 1 at Palo Verde ended its
planned refueling outage on October 7. In September, Four Corners began a
95-day planned outage on Unit 5. During the outage, we will tie in with selective
catalytic reduction equipment referred to as SCRs. A second 95-day planned
outage will result -- will occur in early 2018 to repeat the process for Four
Corners Unit #4. The SCR being installed at Four Corners will reduce nitrogen
oxide emissions by more than 80%. APS customers have benefited from savings of
$30 million in the company's first year in the Western regional energy
imbalance market. Our EIM participation has allowed us to garner efficiencies
by decreasing production costs, lowering the cost of integrating renewable
resources and taking advantage of negatively priced power from other states.
The summer of 2017 also rewrote APS energy records, an all-time peak usage
record and new technology defined the season. On the technology front, we experienced
our first summer with the newly-implemented advanced distribution management
system, or ADMS. And ADMS provides grid operators increased visibility of our
system and the ability to remotely control greater portions of a distribution
grid across the state. And this ability played an important role in APS'
response to monsoon storms over the course of the summer. And with our
operating system and other grid-enhancing technology, APS is positioned to meet
the evolving needs and expectations of our customers. Our capital investment
program continues to be robust and is focused on flexible generation, new grid
technology and advancing core utility operations. We are progressing on the
installation of 5 new fast-start, flexible generating units at the Ocotillo
power plant. Also, in lieu of rebuilding about 20 miles of poles and wires in
rural Arizona, we will be installing a battery storage system to meet the
area's growing demand for electricity. Construction on our new 8-megawatt hour
battery storage project will begin in early November and is expected to be
operational early next year. We also installed 2 battery storage units in the
West Valley in December 2016, as part of the Solar Partner Program, and we're
exploring additional storage opportunities. These innovative projects are
indicative of the type of grid we envision for customers: smart,
multifunctional and a platform for additional customer-cited technology.
Looking forward, our long-term strategic plan positions us well to capitalize
on new investment opportunities. Our fundamentals and our expectation for
growth remain unchanged. And the recent dividend increase reinforces the
boards' and management's confidence in our ability to execute and deliver value
to our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, CFO, EXECUTIVE VP, CFO OF ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE CO. AND EXECUTIVE VP OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO., PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don. And thank you again, everyone, for joining
us on the call. Today, I'll discuss the details for our third quarter financial
results, provide an update on Arizona economy and review our financial outlook,
including introducing 2018 guidance. This morning, we reported our financial
results for the third quarter of 2017 which were in line with expectations. As
summarized on Slide 3 of the materials, for the third quarter of 2017, we
earned $2.46 per share compared to $2.35 per share in the third quarter of
2016. Slide 4 outlines the vacancies that drove -- the variances that drove the
changes in our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of
the key drivers. Gross margin was up $0.22 per share in the third quarter this
year compared to last year supported by several factors: the rate increase
approved by the commission in ADS' rate case proceeding, which became effective
August 19, improved gross margins by $0.13 per share; higher sales in the third
quarter of 2017 compared to the third quarter of 2016 increased earnings by
$0.02 per share, driven by customer growth, partly offset by the effects of
energy efficiency and distributed generation; the net effect of weather
variations added $0.02 per share. Cooling degree days were higher in the third
quarter this year compared to last year, although weather on both the 2016 and
2017 third quarters were less favorable than the 10-year averages. Higher
operations and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.02 per share in the
third quarter of 2017 primarily due to an increase in employee benefit costs.
We also had a higher planned outage cost related to the beginning stages of the
SCR installation at Four Corners Unit 5. Depreciation and amortization expenses
were higher in the third quarter of 2017 compared to the third quarter of 2016,
impacting earnings by $0.07 per share. The increase was primarily driven --
related to plant additions and the $61 million annual increase in D&A rates
accrued in the rate case. Looking next to Arizona's economy, which continues to
be an integral part of our investment thesis. I'll cover some of the trends we
are seeing on the local economy and in particular, the Metro Phoenix area.
Metro Phoenix area continues to show job growth above the national average.
Through August, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2% compared to 1.5% for
the entire U.S. The above-average job growth is broad based and driven largely
by tourism, health care, manufacturing, finance and construction. The Metro
Phoenix unemployment rate of 4.3% also reflects the strength of the job market.
This sort of job growth continued to have a positive effect on the Metro
Phoenix area commercial and residential real estate markets. As seen on the
upper panel of Slide 5, vacancy rates in commercial markets continue to fall
and are at the levels last seen in 2008 or earlier. Additionally, about 3
million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at
the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of business expansion and
related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will, in turn, support continued
commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had growth in the residential
real estate market. As you can see in the lower panel of Slide 5, housing
construction is expected to continue the upward post-recession trend. In 2017,
housing permits are expected to increase by about 2,000 compared to 2016,
driven by single-family permits. In fact, permits from the single-family homes
in the third quarter were the highest levels seen since 2006. One factor
driving this increase is that Maricopa County was the fastest-growing county in
the U.S. in 2016. The activity in the market is providing meaningful support to
home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in early 2008. We believe
that solid job growth and low mortgage rates should allow the Metro Phoenix
housing market and the county more generally to continue to expand at this pace
over the next couple of years. Reflecting a steady improvement in the economic
conditions, APS' retail customer base grew 1.9% in the third quarter. We expect
that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the
economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term
fundamentals supporting future population job growth and economic development
in Arizona appear to be in place. Finally, I will review our financing
activity, earnings guidance and financial outlook. On September 11, APS issued
$300 million of 10-year 2.95% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds were use to
finance -- refinance commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily
used to fund capital expenditures. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity
remain strong. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West and APS had
approximately $100 million and $32 million of short-term debt outstanding,
respectively. As Don discussed, in October, the Board of Directors increased
the indicated annual dividend by $0.16 per share or approximately 6% to $2.78
per share effective with the December payments. Turning to guidance. We
continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings for 2017 will
be in the range of $4.15 to $4.30 per share. Key drivers for the remainder of
the year include impact from our rate case and higher O&Ms as we complete
the plant outage at Four Corners. The extended planned outage at Four Corners is
why earnings in the fourth quarter of this year are expected to be lower than
the fourth quarter of 2016. We are also introducing 2018 ongoing guidance of
$4.25 to $4.45 per share, which includes an increase in our weather-normalized
sales forecast to 0.5% to 1.5%. The rate increase, our adjustment mechanisms
and sales growth will be important gross margin drivers, with -- we expect will
be partially offset by higher fossil plant outage cost and higher other
operating expenses related to more plant in service, including higher D&A
and property tax. We have also increased our 2018 capital expenditure growth
cap by approximately $40 million, mainly from reliability-related projects. We
have higher fossil plant outage cost in 2018, including the 95-day SCR installation
at Four Corners Unit 4. We also have planned outages at gas plants, including
Redhawk. Maintenance at our gas plant is based on [run hours] and starts. Our
participation in the Energy Imbalance Market, increasing levels of solar
generation and low gas prices, combined, have resulted in more starts at many
of our plants. We added -- we'll continue to plan to operate our business for
long-term success, and we continuously strive to manage costs in a sustainable
manner. In 2018, the larger than normal number of planned outages will provide
the necessary maintenance to continue operating our diversified fleet with the
high level of reliability our customers expect. We also believe that thoughtful
and well-executed preventive maintenance can limit more costly emergent work in
the future. You will find a complete list of factors and assumptions
underlining our 2017 and 2018 guidance in the appendix to today's slides. Our
rate base growth outlook remains at 6% to 7% through 2019, and we still expect
to achieve an annualized consolidated earn -- return on average common equity
of more than 9.5% over the same time horizon. The combination of modest
customer growth supported by robust economic development activity, extensive
capital investments opportunities and renewable resources, technology and grid
modernizations, together with a constructive and forward-thinking regulatory
commission, we believe we are well positioned to continue our track record of
success. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over
to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Jim, as you pointed out, in 2018, you will have higher than normal
outages, and so the O&M expense gets lumpy and is higher. As you look
forward, maybe the next couple of years, can you remind us again when we should
see that kind of lumpiness in the O&M expense? I mean, you mean '19, '20
perhaps return to normalized levels? Or how should we think about that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I would say that since we haven't
gone beyond 2018 is our fossils -- overall spend has always been lumpy. And you
can see on Slide 14, in the appendix, sort of the historical pattern. This was
an unusual year with the higher (inaudible) or the SCRs and the scope of the
work to make that happen, along with gas plants, which are just, as I said,
based on starts and hours. So I will just say it's lumpy, but this year is
unusually high.

ALI AGHA: As of next year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Excuse me?

ALI AGHA: As for the next year as well.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes, of course.

ALI AGHA: And then second question. In the slide deck, you
laid out at least an aspiration of the plan for the dividend growth to continue
at 6% beyond the current level. Should we use that as a good proxy of how
you're thinking about EPS growth longer term as well?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I would just state it this way
since we don't give earnings growth is, our rate base growth is 6% to 7%. The
board and the management team feels very comfortable of what we'd see through
the next rate cycle. So you can imply anything you want from that.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Last question. Year-to-date, weather-normalized
sales growth has been essentially flat, I think, up like 0.1%. Is that in line
with what you were thinking for this year? And any read-through on how you're
expecting longer term? I know you wanted -- you are expecting it to go higher,
but how would you rate sort of the year-to-date trends?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I would say that year-to-date of 0.1%, we
saw a somewhat of a slow down in usages that came [probably in October.
Probably some impact in there, higher than the rate case.] We had a weak fourth
quarter of 2016, so I think sales are right in line with what we were
forecasting throughout the year.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Greg
Gordon with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD, HEAD OF POWER &
UTILITIES RESEARCH AND FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I mean, Ali asked -- frankly, asked the key questions that I was
focused on, but I'm looking through the slides here. I don't see any update on
what rooftop solar penetration or rooftop solar sales have done since the rate
case was resolved and the rate design has changed. Can you give us a sense of
how the market has changed from what...

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. So the exact number will be in our
EEI slide deck, which will be filed today later today but -- and we're just
finalizing the number. But you did see it fall off of what we expected with the
pull forward in 2018 to the grandfathering, but that number will be in the
slide that we'll file later today.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. Great. And I know, Don, you
talked about ample investment opportunities or -- just around the economic
growth and modernization of the -- your infrastructure. Your current '17 and
'19 CapEx plan is reasonably significantly backward-dated. It goes from $1.3 billion
to $1 billion per year. At what juncture should we expect or what milestones
should we look for, for you to identify customer-friendly sort of customer
necessary investments that might bring those numbers up?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Well, good question, Greg. We continue to
look for those opportunities, and I think it's going to be largely driven by
the kind of growth we're seeing from some of the things that Jim touched on.
But in addition to that, Maricopa County, where Phoenix is at, is the #1
population growth center in the United States. We saw employment in Metro
Phoenix increase 2% compared 1.5% for the nation. And realtor.com projects
Phoenix to be the #1 housing market in 2017. We had, on the larger customer
side, like Intel, which isn't a customer, but they announced a new fab facility
in the Metro area, which the housing component of that in the service sector,
we believe it will (inaudible) into our service territory. And you just get
into a car and drive around [apartments] trying to block without a multi-family
project going up, and downtown Phoenix is really taken off. So it's pretty
bullish on our customer expectations over the next 2 to 5 years. I think that
will grow a lot of -- drive a lot of our CapEx spending.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: And Greg, we'll have an update -- we'll
file our updated CapEx, including 2020 in our 10-K in February, so that will
give you also a outlook in the future.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, DIRECTOR AND HEAD OF THE US
POWER, UTILITIES, & ALTERNATIVE ENERGY EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I wanted to follow up a couple of questions real quickly, a
little bit to the last one that Greg asked. You talked about future
investments, given the acceleration here. Can you talk about smart grid and
reinvesting into the grid from that perspective beyond kind of the near term
and beyond 2019? Clearly, it seems like that's a trend in the industry and you
all probably see that to a larger extent, perhaps, than others given the
customer growth.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We have smart meters across our system,
so they're fully deployed. Don mentioned the ADMS, which is really the grid
technology that allows us to get visibility into the grid and control. And I
would say, our annual spend today on things like integrated [bullbar] are
probably $40 million to $50 million. And that's really evolving at this point.
So ample opportunity to continue to support the 2-way grid.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Actually -- and then,
separately, obviously, more of an IRP-related question, but how do you think
about the timeline to retirement of some of the units here? I mean, can we see
some of the accelerations out there just given the age of unit cost structure,
et cetera? I mean could that be a mitigant for some of the future O&M
growth or the current O&M growth you're facing here?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So Navajo is closing in 2019. The way it
stands today, we did an RFP last year for power beyond 2020. We have 1 in store
right now as well. So I think unless you're talking about successful sort of
safety type, I wouldn't have put anything in near term.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Fair enough.
Excellent. And then out of the RFP, any commentary in terms of your ability to
own something? I mean, obviously we saw last year's results turn out to be
contracted gas. How are you thinking about that for yourselves under any number
of potential outcomes, including build, own, transfer, acquire, own the rate
base? Any number of scenarios?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So the RFP's in process now. We're
nearing the final stages at this point. We did not include in there a build,
own, transfer or a sales build at this point. This is really for power blocks
of the day, is really what we're looking for.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, UNITED STATES UTILITIES ANALYST, CREDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 follow-ups of Julien's question. So would
we see perhaps a replacement from Navajo being sought in next year's RFP? Is
that the kind of timing that we would be thinking about?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So we went out -- last year's RFP was for
2020 and beyond. So we'll get through this RFP and see what our needs are at
this point.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: All right. And at some point, do you
anticipate trying to take advantage of some of the exceptions to this
self-build moratorium such as renewable ownership and that kind of thing and maybe
that would show up in the CapEx forecast at some point?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. We don't really need anything at the
moment, but we'll evaluate ongoing, whether we need supplement or not.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Is there any -- I mean, I know it's --
you haven't put out the new presentation for EI(inaudible) but what do you
think are the expansion possibilities for battery storage at this point beyond
the current programs? Is that something that could take off and accelerate?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Oh, I think we'll continue to deploy more
battery storage as we move forward. I think we're taking a measured pace and
make sure we're not in front of the cost growth. As Don's said, we're putting
in a couple of batteries in the rural area to -- in lieu of upgrading the
circuit. And I think there will continue to be opportunities where we can
(inaudible) capital near-term in battery storage. But we're just getting
started in battery storage at this point.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES, VP, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: If I just look at your guidance for 2017 and your guidance for 2018
and take midpoint to midpoint, implies about -- I mean, just back of the
envelope, 3% EPS growth. Your rate base growth guidance is about 2x of that or
double that. I'm just curious, can you help me understand, do you think 3% is
kind of a normal EPS growth? Or are there abnormal themes that are happening in
2018 that make the EPS growth rate below average?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, obviously, we don't think 3% is
normal or the board would not have rate the dividend at 6%. '18, as it sits
today, is a test year. There's a lot of capital that's not recovered in there.
You have the drain of the -- you have a deferral, but you're not earning on it.
So no, I think it's just an unusual year. And if you look back historically,
we've grown from 10% to 1.5% EPS, and I wish this stuff was linear. It'd makes
it a lot easier but it's -- unfortunately, it's not linear. We'll always have
cycles through the rate cycle.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: And I want to make sure I understand
when I think about the rate case cycle. Will you be filing just to add Four
Corners and Ocotillo in rates as follow-up bolt-on kind of mini-cases? Or are
you still planning to have a full blown GRC filing in '19 with '18 as the test
year and '20 as the implementation time frame?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So the way it sits today, remember, we
have the step increase in Four Corners which should be 1/1/19. We currently
have '18 as a test year, which should be -- Ocotillo will be done in May of
'19, and then it will be the rest of the capital with an '18 test year as it
sits today.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: But the case will be, if you're using
'18 as a test year, it's not just the capital, it's the capital, it's the
O&M, it's kind of all in?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Everything. It's not a one-issue rate
case, it would be a full rate case.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Got it. And when would that case get --
kind of trying to think about the timing of it, when would that get
implemented, probably sometime in '20?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So we cannot file before June 1, 2019. So
if you think about the last cycle, we filed June 1. Rates would go into effect
July 1 '20, as it's currently contemplated.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with MorningStar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Just one quick one. Dividend growth guidance was 5% as
recently as after the August rate case decision. Now it's 6%. Can you provide a
little color, what was the board -- what drove the board to increase it to the
1%? payout ratio? And how do they look at it?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: They look at it not with payout ratio per
se, although we look at payout ratio as quite a metric in everything. They just
look at the -- our long-term future and see that we have a good plan in place
with growth. We started the dividend increases in '12 at 4%. We raised it to 5%
in 2015. So it's part of them annually looking at a sustainable dividend
growth.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Shar
Pourreza with Guggenheim.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA, MD AND HEAD OF NORTH AMERICAN POWER,
GUGGENHEIM SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: My questions were answered.

OPERATOR: Our next question is a follow-up from Greg Gordon
with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: So I just wanted to be clear, and
this goes back to the first question that was asked. And then as it ties into
the 3% year-over-year growth at the midpoint and guidance. That's also clearly
a function of the fact that you're -- the timing of the maintenance, sort of
$0.11 higher year-over-year, right, I mean going back to 2018?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That would be one piece of it, Greg.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Yes. I mean, I understand the other
pieces you articulated but just that alone, if you look at Slide 14, you're
looking at, over the last 1, 2, 3, 6 years, you're at an all-time high on
planned outage spending. So by this is the right way to think about it without
trying to tie you into a specific guidance format that you're not comfortable
with, looking at sort of a long-term average and thinking about that as what a
run rate should be in any given year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I haven't calculated. But certainly, your
$0.11 in 2018 over '17 is part of that up and down that happens on a
year-to-year basis.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Right. But even '17 was -- '16 and
'17 were higher than the prior 3 years by a significant margin. I guess, what
I'm trying to do is maybe at EEI, you can decide to give people what you're
thinking, what average estimated cost would be through the cycle so we could
get a better sense of what it will look like out through time.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. I'll tell you, overall, O&M and
obviously, this goes up and down. Cents per kWh, O&M expense as a cent per
kWh whether normalized retail sales have been flat since 2010 at $0.275 of kWH.
So we'll work hard that -- to keep O&M certainly over the timeframe based
on kWh growth.

OPERATOR: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer
session. I will now turn the floor back over to management for closing
comments.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Thank you for being on the call. We'll
see you next week in Orlando.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 110317a10999303.703










 EXECUTIVES (93%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (88%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (76%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (72%)










  ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (93%);

PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (72%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (56%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); STI (NYSE) (72%);
MORN (NASDAQ) (72%); CSGN (SWX) (56%); CS (NYSE) (56%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); BANKING & FINANCE (78%); NATURAL
GAS & ELECTRIC UTILITIES (77%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (77%); FINANCIAL RATINGS
(76%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (76%); ELECTRIC POWER INDUSTRY (72%); INTERNET &
WWW (70%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 UNITED STATES (92%); NORTH AMERICA (79%)










 November 24, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
3, 2017 Thursday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 4700 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, CEO &
President

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - CFO, Executive VP, CFO
of Arizona Public Service Co. and Executive VP of Arizona Public Service Co.

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Arizona Public Service Co. - EVP of Public Policy and
General Counsel

* Mark A. Schiavoni

Arizona Public Service Co. - COO and EVP

* Stefanie Layton

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD, Head of Power
and Utilities Research and Fundamental Research Analyst

* Insoo Kim

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Jerimiah Booream-Phelps

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Associate Director
and Equity Research Associate of Energy and Utilities

* Michael Jay Lapides

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - VP

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my
pleasure to introduce your host, Stefanie Layton, Director of Investor Relations.
Thank you. You may begin.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank
everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our
second quarter 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance.
Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; and our CFO, Jim
Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Executive Vice President of Public Policy and
General Counsel; and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer, are also
here with us. First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides we will
be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with our
earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and
the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual
results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place
undue reliance on these statements. Our second quarter Form 10-Q was filed this
morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements,
cautionary language as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which
identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in our disclosures. A replay of this call will
be available shortly on our website for the next 30 days. It will also be
available by telephone through August 10. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, PINNACLE
WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Stefanie, and thank you all for joining us
today. We continue to demonstrate operational excellence through the second
quarter of 2017, and we remain well positioned for a solid year. Before Jim
discusses the details of our second quarter results, I'll provide a few updates
on our recent regulatory and operational developments. Two significant
milestones in the APS rate review had been completed as we near the conclusion
of that process. The hearing ended on May 2 and the administrative law judge
issued a recommended order on July 26. The recommended order supports the
settlement agreement without material modification, including the 10% return on
equity; a $94.6 million base rate increase, which is the equivalent of an
overall 3.3% bill increase; deferrals for the selective catalytic reduction
equipment at Four Corners; and the Ocotillo Modernization Project, with a step
increase in 2019 for the SCRs and moving the time of use window from noon to
7:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. The administrative law judge also
recommended that the new rates go into effect on September 1. APS will file
exceptions and clarifications to the recommended order tomorrow on August 4.
The settlement agreement will bring about sustainable solar, a smarter energy
infrastructure, a cleaner energy mix and more options for customers. The
judge's recommendation to support the settlement agreement continues to move us
in that direction. The final step in the rate review process is for the
commission to vote at an upcoming open meeting. We view the progress to this
point, including the judge's recommendation to approve the settlement, as very
positive. With the anticipated conclusion of our rate review and the related
imminent grandfathering deadline for net metering, we continue to see an
increase in residential solar. In June, we received over 4,500 applications for
solar interconnections, which is more than double the recent monthly average.
As of July, there have been more than 62,000 residential TV installations in
the APS service territory, totaling 483 megawatts. As you know, APS customers
also receive solar power from the large Solana Generating Station and from 10
AZ Sun utility scale solar plants.

Turning to our operations. Palo Verde generating station
successfully completed a planned refueling outage for Unit 2 in less than 31
days, with no OSHA recordable injuries. The units operated at 93.1% capacity
factor through the first half of the year. At our Four Corners Power Plant, the
installation of new selective catalytic reduction equipment is more than 75%
complete. The first unit with the new equipment will come online later this
year and the second in early 2018. The 5 new fast-start flexible generating
units being installed at our Ocotillo plant are more than 60% complete, and all
are expected to be in service by summer 2019. The Navajo Generating Station
co-owners and the Navajo Nation agreed that the Navajo plant will remain in
operation until December 2019. On June 26, the Navajo Nation council approved a
replacement lease that will allow the plant to operate through 2019 and sets
guidelines for decommissioning activities that will begin after 2019. Certain
additional approvals are required, which are expected to occur by late 2017.
Various stakeholders, including regulators, tribal representatives, the plant's
coal supplier and the United States Department of the Interior have been
meeting to determine if an alternative solution can be reached that would
permit continued operation of the plant beyond 2019. On June 20, amidst a week
long spell of temperatures ranging between 115 and 119 degrees, APS customers
set an all-time record peak demand of 7,367 megawatts between the hours of 5:00
and 6:00 p.m. This record demand eclipsed the 11-year-old record of 7,236
megawatts set back in 2006. Allow me to expand on a few more observations about
energy supply on that peak day, June 20. By 8:00 p.m. that evening, the system
load was still within 6% of the record peak, demonstrating how energy demand
remains very strong even after the sun goes down. Production from private
rooftop solar had peaked at 1:00 p.m. that afternoon and was only producing 30%
of its capacity during the 6:00 p.m. hour. Our growing customer demand and the
misalignment between when our demand peak occurs and when rooftop solar
produces the most energy, further demonstrates the need to continue grid
enhancements, while adding peaking resources.

Looking to our capital investment program. In June, the
Daisy Mountain Substation came online, helping to provide strong reliability
for a growing population north of the Phoenix Metropolitan area. The new system
is 1 of over 2 prototype substations that incorporate self-correcting
technology. As part of our continuing proactive approach to modernizing the
grid, APS has implemented advanced technologies, completed multiple
high-voltage transmission projects to further improve reliability and
introduced new ways for customers to receive important energy usage
information. This planned investment strategy helps to ensure we are able to
meet our customers' increasing energy requirements. For our future resource
needs, APS issued an RFP on April 12, seeking proposals for 400 to 700 megawatts
of capacity to meet peak demand requirements beginning in 2021. This RFP will
be used primarily to backfill a 480-megawatt seasonal exchange agreement, which
expires in 2020. The RFP required proposals to be submitted by July 14, last
month. APS is currently evaluating those proposals, and we expect to have a
decision by the end of 2017. In closing, we continue to be well positioned for
a very solid 2017. We're focused on completing our rate review filing and
positioning the company to continue to grow to meet the increasing energy needs
of our customers. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, CFO, EXECUTIVE VP, CFO OF ARIZONA PUBLIC
SERVICE CO. AND EXECUTIVE VP OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO., PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you, again, everyone, for
joining us on the call. This morning, we reported our financial results for the
second quarter of 2017. As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the second
quarter of 2017, we earned $1.49 per share compared to $1.08 per share in the
second quarter of 2016. Slide 4 outlines the variances that drove the change in
our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key
drivers. Total gross margin was up $0.27 per share compared with the second quarter
of 2016, supported by stronger customer usage, favorable weather and higher
transmission and loss fixed cost recovery revenues. Higher net sales in the
second quarter of 2017 compared with the second quarter of 2016 increased
earnings by $0.10 per share, which we believe reflects the improving economic
conditions we are seeing locally, and I'll talk about more on that in a moment,
which was supported by 1.8% customer growth as well as higher average usage by
our residential customers. Weather-normalized retail, kilowatt-hour sales were
up 2.9% in the quarterly comparison, net of the impact of customer conservation
energy efficiency programs and distributed renewable generation. Although we
are pleased with the favorable sales growth we saw in the second quarter,
year-to-date, through the end of June, sales were up 0.1% and we still expect
that weather-normalized sales growth will fall within the range of about 0% to
1% for the year. Lower operations and maintenance expense contributed $0.14 per
share in the second quarter of 2017, primarily driven by less fossil generation
plant outage activity during the current period. As you recall, we had a large
plant outage at the Four Corners Power Plant in both the first and second
quarters of 2016 as part of the plant's routine maintenance schedule. And keep
in mind that we expect extended outages at Four Corners in the second half of
this year as we prepare for the installation of pollution control equipment.
Also want to note that the quarterly O&M variance includes a charge related
to the cancellation of capital projects at the Navajo Generating Station, which
has an offsetting adjustment depreciation. On the topic of depreciation, higher
D&A decreased earnings by $0.01 per share in the second quarter, primarily
due to increased plant in service, partly offset by the Navajo plant item I
just mentioned.

Turning now to the Arizona's economy, which continues to be
an integral part of our investment story. I'll highlight the trends we are
seeing in our local economy and in particular, the Metro Phoenix area. As seen
on the upper panel on Slide 5, the Phoenix Metropolitan area continued to show
job growth above the national average. Through May, employment in the Metro
Phoenix area increased 2.4%, compared to 1.6% for the entire U.S. This
above-average job growth is driven largely by the financial services sector.
The solid job growth continues to have a positive effect on the Metro Phoenix
area's commercial and residential real estate markets. Vacancy rates in commercial
markets continue to fall and at are levels last seen in 2008 or earlier.
Additionally, about 2 million-square-foot of new office and retail space was
under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of
business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will, in
turn, support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had
growth in its residential real estate market. As you can see in the lower panel
on Slide 5, housing construction is expected to continue the upward
post-recession trend. In 2017, housing permits are expected to increase by
about 5,000 compared to 2016, driven by single-family permits. In fact, permits
for new single-family homes in March through May were at their highest level seen
since August of 2007. One factor driving this increase is that Maricopa County
was the fastest-growing county in the U.S. in 2016. That activity in the market
is providing meaningful support for home prices, which have returned to levels
last seen in 2008. We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates and the
opening up of credit to the wave of households who suffered from foreclosures
during the recession should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the
economy more generally to continue to expand at this pace over the next couple
of years. As I previously mentioned, reflecting the steady improvement in
economic conditions, APS's retail customer base grew 1.8% in the second
quarter. We expect that this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate
in response to the economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the
long-term fundamentals support future population, job growth, and economic
development in Arizona prepare to be in place.

Finally, a quick update on our financing and guidance plans.
We expect to issue about $650 million of additional long-term debt this year, 1
transaction at Pinnacle, including the refinancing of the $125 million term
loan, and 1 at APS. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity remain very
strong. We plan to issue earnings guidance for 2017 after the final approval of
APS's pending rate review through a separate communication. However, to assist
you with estimates, a list of key drivers that may affect 2017 ongoing earnings
is included in the Appendix to today's slides. We also plan to release 2018
ongoing guidance on our third quarter call consistent with our standard
practice. This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call back over
to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD, HEAD OF POWER AND
UTILITIES RESEARCH AND FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH
DIVISION: So several questions. First on, you indicated that you're -- you can
file exceptions to the rule by August 4. I mean there weren't very many
material modifications to the settlement. So should we expect that you'll have
material issues with the rule? Or would they be limited to, perhaps, the fact
that the recommendation bifurcates the AMA opt out -- the AMI opt out? Because
other than that, I didn't see any major changes.

DONALD E. BRANDT: I think it'll be mostly categorized as
tweaking, Greg.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. That's great. My second
question is the weather-normal sales growth as you calculated it this quarter
was really quite impressive. Now I know if I look at in appendix on Page 20
that the first -- the 6 months ended weather-normal is just 0.1% because the Q1
number was -- looked weak. I remember asking about it at the time. Is this a
number -- this 2.9%, I mean, is this a number off of which you think you can
build momentum? Or do you think it ebbs back down to a lower number but still
one that sort of drives you towards the type of customer growth targets that
we've been waiting to see, which are finally showing up? I'm just asking for a
little bit more color and characterization of like why did it go from such a
low number in Q1, such a huge number in Q2? And how...

DONALD E. BRANDT: So I might ask Jim to comment on the
comparison of the 2 quarters, Greg. But I'll say -- I mean we're still looking
at, as we pointed out in the press release, 0% to 1% for the year. And for the
first 6 months, we're only up net-net 0.1%. But for a longer term, and by that,
I mean the next 2 to 3 years, the balance of the year, some of the things Jim
cited, but I mean the growth here, #1 in the nation, the housing permits or the
housing since 2007, and if you saw the number driving around the entire
metropolitan area, there's apartment buildings -- huge apartment buildings
going up almost everywhere you look. Different magazines and realtor.com
projects Phoenix to be the #1 housing market this year and next. There's a lot
going on here that I think is going to continue to sustain our growth for the
next few years. And Jim, I don't know if...

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. I'll just say, Greg, it's a great
question as 1 quarter, we come off pretty flat to negative. We do know that
consumer confidence at the residential level increased in the second quarter.
And I think that's consistent with the surge in housing permits in the second
quarter. That said, we'll see some consumer elasticity as they get their bills
in July from the warm June. So right now, we're continuing to be led here today
by the commercial sector with the things we mentioned before, State Farm
completing its buildout last year, but still continuing to increase forecast as
we move forward. So I think I would answer that by saying I think the third
quarter is going to tell us a lot as well.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. Move on to my last question.
Obviously, the quarter-over-quarter earnings comparison was incredibly punchy,
$1.49 versus $1.08. But you did point to the fact that you're going to have
some planned outages in the second half. Can you quantify, just -- if we were
to just isolate O&M, we're just going to isolate O&M in the second
half, sort of second half '17 versus second half '16, what that delta looks like
as a function of those planned expenses?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: So we knew our O&M was going to be
backend-loaded this year. I think I'd look to the first quarter of '16 when we
did similar type outages at Four Corners. That's the guide in terms of the
magnitude of that spend, Greg.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim
with RBC.

INSOO KIM, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC, RESEARCH
DIVISION: After the rate case decision when you guys do provide your '17
guidance, have you guys made a decision on whether to potentially provide
longer-term growth forecast, whether it be rate base or earnings growth CAGRs?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No, we'll provide '18 guidance. And then
as our normal practice, at the end of the third quarter -- I'm sorry, '17
guidance, and at the end of the third quarter, we'll do '18 guidance. But at
this time, we have no plans to go out any further than what we normally do.

INSOO KIM: Understood. And my only other question was with
the latest update in the suit by Commissioner Burns and on June, the ACC denied
the motion to compel it. Is it pretty safe to assume that any other further
consideration by the court near term shouldn't delay the upcoming rate case
decision?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, EVP OF PUBLIC POLICY AND GENERAL
COUNSEL, ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO.: Insoo, this is Jeff. The court judge
deterred arguments on amending the complaint that was asked at the 4
commissioners and the commission. I expect him to rule on that in the next week
or so. And so we've got an open meeting that's coming up in -- next open
meeting, the rate case could go on would be August 15 and 16. So I think the
rate case is probably going to go before anything happens in Superior Court.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES, VP, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Don, a question for you. I know the rate case lays out some of the
boundaries for this, but given kind of what you've seen for the last 6 or 9
months or even longer term and what you expect going forward, how are you
thinking about your generation capacity and energy needs? And whether post
Ocotillo, there is need in the early 2020s for new gas-fired generation in your
portfolio?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Most likely, we'd be looking at
simple-cycle peaking needs at that period of time.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Got it. And can you remind me -- as
part of this rate case agreement, are you allowed to actually own and operate
the simple cycle? The agreement, I think, doesn't let you go into construction
for some types of gas plants, but others, it does.

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes, that's correct.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question, Jim or Don, assuming the rate case settlement is
approved, and it looks like it will be, given that your ROE stays as it was but
your equity ratio goes up somewhat, does that cause the earnings power of the
company to increase as well?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No. I would expect actually our equity
ratio to sort of fall as we issue fixed income securities over the next couple
years.

ALI AGHA: So you -- ultimately you think that, that would
kind of remain where it has been?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. The equity ratio and the ROE were
just placed in there as parameters for us, the rate case for the black box, so
the extra equity in this case, it doesn't lead to earnings power.

ALI AGHA: I see. Okay. And then, separately, when you look
at the deferrals and the step up increase in '19, again, as part of the
settlement, I recall in the past, you've talked about, I think, rate base
growth has been 6% to 7%, dividend growth 5%, and you've talked about earnings
growth somewhere in the middle of the 2. One, did I get that, right? Have
you...

JAMES R. HATFIELD: That's correct.

ALI AGHA: Okay. But do you see that the trajectory, given
the step up, et cetera, won't be smooth? Should we think about some peaks and
troughs as we think about that earnings trajectory because of the timing of the
step up?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Earnings always goes in peaks and
troughs. And keep in mind, when we do the step increase, we still have $0.5
billion of Ocotillo that's being deferred but not being earned on. So that
would create a drag until it ultimately gets some rates, hopefully in 2020.

ALI AGHA: I see. Okay. And then more near term, I know you
talked about the planned outages and how the O&M will move over time. But
excluding that, when you look at how second quarter came out and how first half
has come out, has it come out pretty much as expected on plan? Or how would you
categorize the first half of the year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. I think we're pleased with where we
are compared to our plan this year. And beyond that, we haven't really given
any guidance and we'll talk about that when we get guidance out here soon.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jerimiah
Booream with Bank of America Merrill Lynch (sic) [UBS].

JERIMIAH BOOREAM-PHELPS, ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH
ASSOCIATE OF ENERGY AND UTILITIES, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I
just wanted to go back to the customer growth question. And specifically, could
you just remind us what percentage offset you've seen from solar installations?
And specifically, could you see that affecting how you're thinking about
customer growth as the grandfathering period ends later this year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. So I would say that we get probably
as much impact of energy efficiency as we do rooftop but we probably will have
by the time rate goes into effect and installations that are valid we've
received before that, we'll probably end with 70,000 or so rooftop solar. And
that will be about 6% of our residential customer base will be with rooftop
solar. After that remains to be seen in terms of continued growth. We get about
a 1.5% or so offset, typically, from the EE and DE.

JERIMIAH BOOREAM-PHELPS: Got it. That make sense. And just a
quick clarification. If the Navajo operators reach an agreement to extend
operations beyond 2019, would you be obligated to basically maintain your
ownership? Or will you have the option? Or how are you thinking about that?

MARK A. SCHIAVONI, COO AND EVP, ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO.:
This is Mark Schiavoni, Jerimiah. Right now, the expectation with Navajo
Generating Station, the current ownership structure would not remain in place
through efforts of the Navajo Nation, Department of Interior, they're looking
for alternative ownership in the future of Navajo Generating Station.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with MorningStar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: The only question I have was on Slide 9. There was a third
bullet point under the rule about the battery storage. And just to make that
clear, it's an incentive program for the customer to install this battery
storage, correct?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Yes, Charles. Jeff. It was a response to
specific issue in the case that was not included in the settlement. And there were
a couple proposals out but this is an incentive program for the customer. It's
funded through the DSM adjustment mechanism.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: So I know we've seen some battery
storage -- utility scale storage in Southern California, for instance. Was
there any thought about going in that direction, because obviously it -- the
situation in your system almost lends itself to that.

MARK A. SCHIAVONI: Charles, this is Mark. We have installed
a couple 2-megawatt batteries into our system. And quite frankly, using that as
part of the solution set. So with the way we look at storage or any technology,
if it doesn't provide the right solution at the right cost or a system
reliability, so it could be a capacitor, it could be storage, it could be
transformer, it doesn't matter in the technology. So we're pretty agnostic when
it comes to that.

OPERATOR: We have no further questions at this time. I would
now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.

STEFANIE LAYTON: Thank you for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080317a10709860.760










 EXECUTIVES (93%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (88%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (77%); LAWYERS (73%)










  ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (93%);

PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (91%); STI (NYSE) (72%);
MORN (NASDAQ) (71%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); BANKING
& FINANCE (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); NATURAL GAS
& ELECTRIC UTILITIES (77%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (77%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(75%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (75%); LAWYERS (73%); INTERNET & WWW (70%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 August 15, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
2, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 6433 words

Corporate Participants

* Donald E. Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, CEO,
President, CEO of Arizona Public Service Company, President of Arizona Public
Service Company, Chairman of Arizona Public Service Company and Director of
Arizona Public Service Company

* James R. Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - CFO, EVP, CFO of Arizona
Public Service Company and EVP of Arizona Public Service Company

* Jeffrey B. Guldner

Arizona Public Service Co. - SVP of Public Policy

* Ted Geisler

Conference Call Participants

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Charles J. Fishman

Morningstar Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gregg Gillander Orrill

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Director and Research
Analyst

* Gregory Harmon Gordon

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD, Head of Power
and Utilities Research and Fundamental Research Analyst

* Julien Patrick Dumoulin-Smith

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
of Equity Research for Electric Utilities, Alternate Energy, and IPPs Group and
Analyst

* Michael Jay Lapides

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - VP

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Pinnacle West
Capital Corporation 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now
like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ted Geisler, Director of Investor
Relations for Pinnacle West. Thank you, Mr. Geisler. You may now begin.

TED GEISLER: Thank you, Manny. I would like to thank
everyone for participating in this conference call and webcast to review our
first quarter 2017 earnings, recent developments and operating performance. Our
speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt; our CFO, Jim Hatfield.
Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policies, is also here with
us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides we
will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along with our
earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and
the company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because the
actual results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to
place undue reliance on these statements. Our first quarter Form 10-Q was filed
this morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements
cautionary language as well as the Risk Factors and the MD&A sections,
which identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
May 9.

I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD E. BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, CEO, PRESIDENT, CEO OF ARIZONA
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY, PRESIDENT OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY, CHAIRMAN
OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY AND DIRECTOR OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE
COMPANY, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Ted, and thank you all for
joining us today. 2017 has started off in line with our expectations, and we
remain well positioned for a very solid year. Before Jim discusses the details
of our first quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent
regulatory and operational developments. I know APS's rate review is top of
mind for many of you, and we continue making good progress with this
proceeding. On March 1, we announced a settlement, which has broad-based
support. In total, 29 intervenors signed the settlement agreement, including
the Arizona Corporation Commission staff; the Residential Utility Consumer
Office, or RUCO; members of the local and national solar industry and
low-income advocates. The settlement provisions contain a number of benefits
for our customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. Details of the
settlement are outlined in the appendix of our slides today, and I'll review
some of the highlights with you now.

Slide 8 shows the settlement's proposed base rate changes,
which includes a non-fuel, non-depreciation base rate increase of $87.2 million
per year, excluding the transfer of adjust for balances. Additionally, APS will
decrease rates by $53.6 million, attributable to reduced fuel and purchase
power cost, and increase rates by $61 million due to changes in depreciation
schedules. The result is a total base rate increase of $94.6 million or an
overall 3.3% bill increase. Other elements that underpin the settlement,
including maintaining our allowed return on equity of 10%, our capital
structure and base fuel rate, are also listed on the slide. The settlement
contains a number of important financial provisions, which reduce regulatory
lag and better align rates with the cost of service. In particular, the
settlement provides for a cost deferral order for the Ocotillo Modernization
Project and a cost deferral order plus rate adjustment for the selective
catalytic reduction equipment at Four Corners. Also, the current property tax deferral
continues and the power supply adjustor is expanded to include additional
production cost. APS proposed changes to the rate options offered to customers,
ensuring the price a customer pays more accurately reflects the way that
customer uses the electric grid. This one is an important focus of our filing.
The settlement includes meaningful changes to modernize rates, including
shifting the on-peak period from 12:00 noon to 7:00 p.m. to 3:00 p.m. to 8 p.m.
in the afternoon and early evening, which is more aligned with actual peak
usage by customers.

Importantly, new distributed generation customers will be
required to select a rate option that has time of use rates, including a grid
access charge or demand component. APS was among the first utilities in the
nation to introduce time of use rates for residential customers back in 1984.
Today, more than half of our customers choose the time of use rate for their
service. This settlement would create another first by establishing time of use
rates as the standard for all new customers after May 1, 2018, except for our
smallest customers. The settlement also contains a self-build moratorium
through January 1, 2022, with certain exceptions. For example, the moratorium
excludes investments in new combustion turbines that will be placed in service
after January 1, 2022. Finally, the settlement includes a 3-year stay-out for
the next general rate case application. Under this provision, APS may file its
next general rate case on or after June 1, 2019. Last week, the ACC's formal
hearing on the APS rate review began and is currently underway. Looking ahead,
we anticipate the administrative law judge to issue a recommended order
followed by a commissioner vote at an upcoming open meeting. We view the
proposed settlement agreement as a further sign of Arizona's constructive
regulatory environment. We appreciate the opportunity to continue working with
the ACC and various stakeholders to find solutions that balance the interest of
customers, shareholders and the communities we serve.

Turning to our operations. Palo Verde Nuclear Generating
Station had another successful quarter, operating above a 100% capacity factor.
A planned refueling outage for Palo Verde Unit 2 began on April 8.
Additionally, at the Four Corners Power Plant, our employees are making solid
progress on the installation of selective catalytic reduction equipment and
construction activity is ramping up at our Ocotillo Modernization Project. This
year, we are investing more in our distribution system than ever before. Our
focus on modernizing the distribution grid is not a temporary phase, but
instead, a shift in how we prioritize investments, with a greater emphasis on
our transmission and distribution business. Over the next few years, we expect
to invest $1.8 billion in our grid infrastructure, enabling a more secure and
resilient grid, which has greater access to the Western energy market. On April
10, we filed our 2017 Integrated Resource Plan, which includes a 15-year
forecast of customer electricity demands and the resources needed to serve our
customers reliably in the future. An important part of our forecast is the
growing requirement for flexible peaking generation over the planning horizon.
By 2025, we expect an additional 1.3 gigawatts of quick start combustion-driven
capacity will be needed in order to meet our growing summer peak as well as
supplement the intermittency created by solar resources.

Moreover, we are witnessing lower average daily prices on
the wholesale market, with sharp price spikes and increased volatility during
peak periods. This new pricing pattern is a result of excess energy supply
during the middle of the day throughout much of the year, largely created by an
oversupply of solar energy in California. In order to take advantage of this
oversupply and pass the energy savings to our customers, we value investments
and flexible resources that can quickly shut down to allow the import of market
power and then quickly ramp back up when demand and prices spike again later in
the day. We expect these market conditions to exist for the foreseeable future,
and we're positioning our generation investments to be more aligned with these
market conditions. Ultimately, this will result in a lower cost of service to
our customers, improve reliability for the region and new investment
opportunities for our company. This also means that our views on the value of
baseload and intermediate generation for our customers are evolving, and we
will focus our future investments for new generation towards flexible peaking
technology, like combustion turbines and eventually, energy storage, which is
better optimized for emerging market conditions.

Finally, I'd like to update you on a change on our executive
team. When I became CEO in early 2009, the top of my priority list was to
recruit one of the finest legal minds in the electricity industry, Dave Falck,
to join the company as our General Counsel. Fortunately for us, Dave accepted
the offer and has provided Pinnacle West and me with consistently thoughtful
counsel ever since. He's a trusted adviser, so it is with mixed feelings that I
share Dave's decision to begin to transition into retirement. Dave will become
Pinnacle West's Executive Vice President of Law through his retirement in the
spring of 2018, and will continue to advise the Board of Directors and me on
governance matters and industry's issues. Dave's transition period allows us to
continue our commitment to succession planning and talent development on all
levels of our company, and I'm pleased to announce that Jeff Guldner has been
promoted to Executive Vice President, and will assume the role of General
Counsel for Pinnacle West and APS in addition to his current responsibilities
of leading our public policy organization. Jeff's a skilled lawyer and a
thoughtful and respected leader with a deep understanding of our industry.

In closing, we're delivering on our commitments and continue
to be well positioned for a solid year in 2017. We're focused on completing our
rate review filing and maintaining operational excellence while positioning
Pinnacle West as a sustainable leader through strategic capital investments.

I'll now turn the call over to Jim.

JAMES R. HATFIELD, CFO, EVP, CFO OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE
COMPANY AND EVP OF ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Don, and thank you, again, everyone, for joining us on
our call. This morning, we reported our financial results for the first quarter
of 2017.

As shown on Slide 3 of the materials, for the first quarter
of 2017, we earned $0.21 per share compared to $0.04 per share in the first
quarter of 2016. Slide 3 also outlines the variances that drove the change in
our quarterly ongoing earnings per share. I'll highlight a few of the key
drivers. An increase in gross margin added $0.06 per share compared with the
first -- prior-year first quarter period, supported by higher LFCR revenues and
favorable weather. Lower net sales in the first quarter of 2017 compared to the
first quarter of 2016 decreased earnings by $0.04 per share, where positive
effects of customer growth were more than offset by energy savings driven by
customer behavior, energy efficiency programs and distributed renewable
generation and one less day of sales due to the leap year in 2016. Although
sales were down in the first quarter, it should be noted that normalized usage
per customer in our first and fourth quarters tend to have more variability
than usage in the second and third quarters and results in these periods are
less indicative of full year results. As an example of this month-to-month
variability, we have seen positive weather-normalized sales growth in April,
although I will remind you this is only 1 month of data.

Lower operations and maintenance expense contributed $0.11
per share in the first quarter of 2017, primarily due to lower planned outage
costs. As you recall, we had large planned outages at the Four Corners Power
Plant in both the first and second quarters of 2016 as part of the plant's
routine maintenance schedule. As we previously indicated, we expect additional
planned outages at Four Corners this year as we prepare for the SCR
installations, the timing of which will be largely focused in the second half
of 2017. Higher D&A decreased earnings by $0.04 per share in the first
quarter due to increased expenses resulting from additional plant in service.
And lastly, you will notice a $0.05 benefit to first quarter earnings, driven
by a lower effective tax rate in the current year period, primarily due to the
adoption of the new stock compensation guidance in 2016. The new guidance
requires income tax benefits and deficiencies, resulting from share-based
payments to be recognized in the period in which they occur.

Now turning to Arizona's economy, which continues to be an
integral part of our investment story. I'll highlight the trends that we are
seeing in our local economy, and in particular, the Phoenix Metro area. In
2017, the Metro Phoenix region continues to have job growth above the national
average. Through February, employment in Metro Phoenix increased 2.6% compared
to 1.6% for the entire U.S. This above-average job growth is driven largely by
the financial services sector. This solid job growth continues to have a
positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area's commercial and residential real
estate markets. As seen on the upward panel of Slide 4, vacancy rates in
commercial markets continue to fall and are at levels last seen in 2008 or
earlier. Additionally, over 2 million square feet of new office in the retail
space is under construction at the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation
of business expansion and related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will,
in turn, support continued commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also had
growth in the residential real estate market.

As you could see on the lower panel of Slide 4, housing
construction is expected to continue the upward postrecession trend. In 2017,
housing permits are expected to increase by about 7,000 compared to 2016,
driven by single-family permits. In fact, permits for new single-family homes
in March were at the highest level since August of 2007. Several factors are
driving this increase. Maricopa County was the fastest-growing county in the
U.S. in 2016. Also, as I mentioned on previous calls, vacant housing in Phoenix
is solidly back to prerecession levels. The activity in the market has provided
a meaningful support to home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in
early 2008. We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates and the
opening up of credit to the wave of households who suffered from foreclosures
during the recession should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the
economy more generally to continue to expand at this pace over the next couple
of years. Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions, APS's
retail customer base grew 1.4% in the first quarter. We expect that this growth
rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth
trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting
future population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appear to be
in place.

Finally, I'll comment on our liquidity and financing. On
March 21, APS issued an additional $250 million of its outstanding 4.35% senior
unsecured notes that mature in November 2045. The proceeds were used to
refinance commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily used to
fund capital expenditures. We expect to issue up to $600 million of additional
long-term debt this year, one transaction at Pinnacle, including financing of
the $125 million term loan and one at APS. Overall, our balance sheet and
liquidity remains very strong. At the end of the first quarter, Pinnacle and
APS had approximately $91 million and $117 million of short term debt
outstanding, respectively.

And just a quick thought on guidance. We do not intend to
issue earnings guidance for 2017 until after final approval in APS's pending
rate review. However, to assist you with your estimates, a list of key drivers
that may affect 2017 ongoing earnings is included in the appendix in today's
slides. Additionally, if the proposed settlement and the pending rate review is
approved by the Arizona Corporation Commission, we would be comfortable with
our ability to continue to fund APS's capital expenditure program with no new
equity through our planning horizon.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call
back over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from
Greg Gordon of Evercore.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON, SENIOR MD, HEAD OF POWER AND
UTILITIES RESEARCH AND FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Looking at your sales statistics for the quarter, did the leap day have
an impact on the sort of bottom line demand numbers?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. I would say of the 3.3% lower sales,
about 1/3 of that was related to leap year.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay, great. And then Commissioner
Burns at the ACC had recently made a filing with the ALJ in your case, either
asking or recommending that several of his peers be recused from voting in that
case. Can you tell us what has occurred subsequent to that, if anything?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER, SVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE
CO.: Greg, this is Jeff. Nothing has occurred at the commission; the hearing's
continuing right now and we expect the hearing will probably wrap up today.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Great. So did the ALJ like said that
they're going to opine as to whether or not they would rule on that? Or has
there been any guidance coming from the ALJ on whether or not that's even going
to be considered?

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: No. She had commented early in the
proceeding that any issues with Commissioner Burns were going to be addressed
by the commission.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: By the commission, okay. And I guess
I apologize for not doing my homework, but on April 17, you guys filed your
Integrated Resource Plan. If we look in there, will that give us some sense of
the quantum of capital spending that you expect to deal with the sort of these
issues that Don laid out so clearly on the call in a qualitative fashion? And
does it look like it actually would necessitate a sustained spend -- capital
spend in the $1 billion to $1.3 billion range that you're currently spending
through post '19?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. Greg, this is Jim. The IRP addressed
-- beginning in 2021, I think it specifically talked about PPAs, it's really
for the summer period, May through September. I think that the flexible
generation that we've talked about is, really, has been carved out of the
self-build moratorium, and that would be further off in the horizon.

GREGORY HARMON GORDON: Okay. Last question for me. The --
Commissioner Little, your former chair, had proposed consideration of an
increase in the renewable portfolio standard. Is it your expectation that the
commission will take up that consideration of that proposal at any point this
year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think that's on our expectation. Obviously,
any increased renewable spend outside of the $15 million a year in '18, '19
[from area 372] is not currently on our forecast. So that would be incremental
capital.

OPERATOR: And the next question is from Julien
Dumoulin-Smith of UBS.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF EQUITY
RESEARCH FOR ELECTRIC UTILITIES, ALTERNATE ENERGY, AND IPPS GROUP AND ANALYST,
UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: So let's pick up where Greg left off.
Let's talk about storages real quickly, if you can. I'd like to understand, in
the context of the IRP, the timing of any associated capital ramp-up of the
storage program. It looks like you have roughly 400 megawatts in there in the
regulatory process and framework that you would otherwise contemplate to put
those storage opportunities in theory in rate base.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Julien, it's Jeff. The IRP has just been
filed. So obviously, we're working through -- we'll be working through that and
there will be -- share more discussion on that as we move forward. We've got
some storage that we're doing right now that is with the Solar Partners
program. I'd say the focus we got right now is storage that's related to power
quality, local reliability issues. And we're making sure that we have a good
understanding of that. And so that's kind of what I -- that's what I view right
now when the discussion started.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think our view on storage at the
moment, Julien, is more liability-driven. And I think we'll be seeing more
capital outlays for storage but we're taking a very measured approach and
making sure we're on the right side of that cost curve on storage. But clearly,
it's going to have a part in our future from a capital perspective. And I would
say, that's not currently in our forecast.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Right. And just to understand
this. Is there any -- if, in theory, you were to move forward with it, what
kind of regulatory recovery framework would you think about? Or would this be
more conventional CapEx? The only reason I mention this just in kind of
thinking about when this program would roll out and how that would roll into
the timing of any subsequent rate [case]?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I think if we owned it, it would
have to be recovered in the regulatory process. There's not currently a
framework for an adjustor mechanism. We also have the PSA expanded, where we
can put commission approved battery, pass that cost through the PSA and then
recover it that way.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. So there's the
potential you could use the PSA to the extent which you build something?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Potentially.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Excellent. And
actually just in tandem with that, rooftop. Obviously, there's a good amount of
discussion on the IRP on that front. Can you elaborate a little bit? Is there
-- how meaningful of an opportunity for you all is that to the extent which
you're looking at the prospect?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, we agreed to $10 million to $15
million a year. So we're covered [to the rent]. So as currently contemplated,
it's not a big capital line, but it is incremental and can recover
concurrently, which is from a capital perspective.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: And that is, indeed, embedded
in your latest update, right, the extension?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Right.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Okay. Lastly, on Navajo. Can
you expand upon the potential scenarios contemplated? I suppose to the extent
which the plan is, indeed, left open through some kind of federal program or
what have you, is there a scenario in which you would actually receive funds to
continue operating the plant? Or is this unlikely something in which if it
continues operation, there would be some different owner? I know there's a lot
of different iterations out there, if you could kind of high-level summarize
it, I'd appreciate it.

JEFFREY B. GULDNER: Julien, this is Jeff. The -- right now,
the group that's focused on getting the initial 2-year lease extension which
would allow the operation of the plant to continue through 2019. Then the
department of interior has a workshop going that's looking at a variety of
different scenarios that could include potential new owners for the plant, but
that's -- there's been 2 meetings and there's another meeting coming up later
this month, so that's pretty early right now.

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: So it's not off the table
that you guys would continue to operate that plant clearly?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We don't operate...

JULIEN PATRICK DUMOULIN-SMITH: Have an ownership -- sorry.

DONALD E. BRANDT: I don't know that I would say it's off the
table. We're not -- we're only a 14% owner in that plant. So we don't want to
speak for SRP who's the owner-operator.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Ali Agha of SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, MD, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question. Jim, what effective tax rate should we be assuming
for the year and going forward with these tax rate changes you were mentioning?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I think it will be consistent with prior
years. That tax benefit in the first quarter, we typically took over the course
of a year in our effective tax rate with the change in accounting guidance, we
book it now at the time the shares are issued. It required us to do it in the
first quarter, which just stands out because the first quarter is such a small
quarter.

ALI AGHA: Okay. So about 34% or so?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

ALI AGHA: Okay. And then coming back to the electric sales.
This is the third consecutive quarter we've seen a decline here on a weather
normalized basis. Any particular explanation for that? Or what may be happening
here?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, again, in the fourth and first
quarter, with small sales, any sort of weather variation or anomalies pop up
from year to year. We look for the second and third quarter, and so far, the
second quarter is starting off with weather adjusted positive sales. So I would
sort of hold on thoughts on sales until we get through the second quarter,
where we have more meaningful amount of sales. I'm worried about it as we sit
here today for the year.

ALI AGHA: I see. And then as part of the settlement, one
thing, obviously, that also will get updated is the higher equity ratio layer
for you guys. So assuming the second month obviously is approved, does that
change your thinking of the underlying earnings power of the company now that
you're operating with a higher equity ratio? Does that change the growth
outlook from your perspective?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No, not at all. I think it'll -- the equity
ratio will more normalize as we fund our CapEx program with long term debt.

ALI AGHA: Okay. So all else being equal, you don't think the
higher equity ratio should lead to higher earnings growth as well?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No. It was good in the context of the
settlement, obviously, but not driving meaningful growth.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Michael Lapides of
Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES, VP, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: A couple of regulatory questions. So in the IRP, it talks about your
filing a 2017 RFP for summer season peaking needs 2021 and beyond. How does --
how do the requirements in the rate case settlement fit into whether APS could
either be building [CTs] in the 2022 to 2024 time frame? Or whether you could potentially
be buying other people's CTs and putting them in the rate base if that's the
outcome of an independent review process in RFP?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Michael, there's a self-build moratorium
that's in the case that you'd have to step through the process if you're going
to propose a bill. So typically, that's going to be more in the view of a back
step, but one of the changes to that moratorium would be an acquisition would
be different. So that's changed a little bit from the last moratorium.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Meaning you're allowed to do, in the
rate case settlement, an acquisition going through the normal process with the
PSC and RFP, but it doesn't preclude acquisitions?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. The moratorium that's proposed in
the settlement doesn't preclude the acquisitions but it would affect the
self-build.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Got it. Okay. Trying to think through,
and this may be a Jim question, trying to think through O&M and some of the
lumpiness in O&M. So first quarter '16 had the big outages. First quarter
'17, you still had some outages, but not nearly the size that you had in first
quarter '16. But fourth quarter or late third, early fourth quarter '17 will,
once again, have pretty sizable outages. Is that kind of the right way to think
about it? And will those outages look more like what you had this quarter or
what you had in the first quarter of '16?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: More like the first quarter of '16.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: So pretty big?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. It's going to be the major outage
for Units 4 and 5 prepping for the SCR installations.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Okay. Are the 2016 and '17 outages --
should we think of this as normal run-off course type of stuff that happens
kind of every year? Or is this more stuff that's kind of more one-off-ish? And
when we think out to 2018 and beyond, we shouldn't be thinking that O&M
stays at this pretty elevated level?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No. Our fossil plant outage O&M is
pretty lumpy. '16 and '17 are elevated because of the prep for the SCRs. So I
think you would see, as you get out to '18, '19, more normalized fossil
O&M.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Okay. And is there a year where we can
go back in time and look at O&M and say that was more of a normal year?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: I'd say, probably '15 would be more
normal.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Charles Fishman of
MorningStar.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN, EQUITY ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: The 3-year stay-out, remind me, that was similar to your
last settlement, except it went longer, right, just by your choice?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct.

DONALD E. BRANDT: Yes. The last one we could have filed June
'15. We elected to not file until '16.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: But originally, was it 3 years?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: And then does the stay-out -- didn't it
have provisions and does this one that allow you to go back in under certain
unusual circumstances? Does this have something like that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: There's always in kind of every
settlement I've seen in Arizona, Charles, there's been force majeure type of
provisions. I don't recall a case in which they've actually been used.

CHARLES J. FISHMAN: Okay, that sounds what I was thinking.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Paul Patterson of
Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES LLC: Most of my
questions have been answered, but I wanted to sort of touch base on something I
think I heard on the economics of the area. It astonishes me that, if I got it
right or let me know if I got it wrong, but the financial services was the big
driver on the commercial side, is that correct?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct.

PAUL PATTERSON: And -- pardon my ignorance, but why -- I
don't think of financial services being, in Arizona, that much. What -- is
there anything in particular?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We define that broadly, but State Farm
relocated their Western operations to Tempe and built 5 buildings on Tempe Town
Lake and they're beginning now to populate all of these buildings with the
people, and so that's a big driver of that growth.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. And then you also just mentioned that
like, basically, things look like they were pretty much around 2008. Now
obviously things have changed in the economy and what have you. But do you guys
-- what do you feel -- obviously, 2008, in some ways, is not so positive in
terms of what followed afterwards. Do you have any sense in terms of the real
estate market or anything about how things are on the ground there? In other
words, I mean, are you seeing the same kind of real estate activity that you
actually saw in 2008? Or could you just elaborate a little bit more on that?

DONALD E. BRANDT: Paul, Don Brandt here. Just a couple of
factoids here. Metropolitan Phoenix housing permits is -- are at the highest
levels they've been since 2007. Maricopa County is the fastest-growing county
in the United States in 2016, eclipsing, I believe, the county where Austin,
Texas is located. And we've seen not just in the financial services beyond
State Farm a lot of back-office operations are here, call centers. But also, in
biosciences, there's a really booming industry that brings a lot of jobs and
relatively highly paid jobs.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Gregg Orrill of
Barclays.

GREGG GILLANDER ORRILL, DIRECTOR AND RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Is it possible to give a sensitivity, an EPS
sensitivity to 1% weather-normalized sales growth?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: It's about $0.08 after tax.

GREGG GILLANDER ORRILL: Okay. And with regard to the LFCR
under the new settlement, is it more -- does it result in more recovery than
under the prior rate plan?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No, it will be recovered differently.
It's going to be demand-based versus volumetric. But the robustness of the LFCR
did not change.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Michael Lapides of
Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: My apologies. A follow-up. The LFCR
running $0.03 to $0.04 a quarter, that stays post rate case implementation
roughly? I know it's hard to forecast, but just trying to think about if the
rate case changes that at all?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: No.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Okay. Second, when we think about the
rate case settlement, I've kind of gone through it and it's not easiest
document to get your arms around. The increase in the D&A rate, the $61
million, that doesn't drop to the bottom line because your D&A is going to
go up. And the moving around of the $53.6 million in the fuel and purchased
power, well, that will also not talk to the EBITDA or EBIT line because your
fuel and purchase power cost should change, right?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Correct.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Okay. The base rate increase of $87.2
million, are there any costs that are not on your income statement today that
will be on your income statement when the rates go into effect? Or is this
simply trying to catch up some of the regulatory lag with the investments
you've made and the increased costs you've seen?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Well, I wouldn't contemplate recovering
any costs that will be new. It does defer the SCRs for recovery in '19 and
Ocotillo until the next rate case. But other than that, it would just be really
reflecting the capital investment into the system that was -- from the last
settlement forward.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Got it. And so what ending period cash
tier was that using? What's the ending rate base of that?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: '15 rate base was -- do you know, Don?

DONALD E. BRANDT: I don't know.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: We'll get that to you.[We'll] have that
number.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Okay. I just didn't know if that was a
known and measurable number from like, say, 3 months ago or 6 months ago, or is
that truly an ending 2015 or early 2016 rate base number?

JAMES R. HATFIELD: It was 2015 with 12 months of post test
[U. S. land]. So it was really reflective through '16. Our ACC rate base at
year-end was $6.8 billion for purposes of Arizona and would have add probably
another $300 million of rate base over the course of '16.

MICHAEL JAY LAPIDES: Okay. And the only reason why I kind of
ask about this is an $87 million, this is a pretty decent revenue increase. And
on your share count, if you just kind of tax effect that, that would seem like
a pretty decent outcome. I'm just trying to make sure I'm not missing anything,
whether there are costs that are increasing significantly relative to what
you're incurring today and that's all kind of embedded in that base rate case.

JAMES R. HATFIELD: Yes. I don't think you're missing
anything.

OPERATOR: There are no further questions at this time. I would
like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.

TED GEISLER: Thank you all for joining us today. This
concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does
conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time,
and thank you for your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050217a10086554.754










 EXECUTIVES (94%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (87%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (76%); PUBLIC POLICY (71%);
INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (71%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (94%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

MORNINGSTAR INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (69%)










 PNW (NYSE) (94%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(83%); BCS (NYSE) (83%); BARC (LSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (71%); MORN (NASDAQ)
(71%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); BANKING
& FINANCE (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); NATURAL GAS
& ELECTRIC UTILITIES (78%); FINANCIAL RATINGS (76%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(75%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (75%); UTILITIES INDUSTRY (74%); ELECTRIC POWER
INDUSTRY (73%); INTERNET & WWW (69%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 May 7, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

February
24, 2017 Friday




Copyright
2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 4174 words

Corporate Participants

* Ted Geisler

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director, IR

* Don Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman, President
& CEO

* Jim Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - EVP & CFO

* Mark Schiavoni

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - EVP & COO, Arizona
Public Service Company

Conference Call Participants

* Jerimiah Booream

UBS - Analyst

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to Pinnacle West Capital
Corporation's 2016 fourth-quarter and full-year earnings conference call.
(Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I
would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Ted Geisler, Director of
Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Geisler, you may begin.

TED GEISLER, DIRECTOR, IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Manny. I would like to thank everyone for participating
in this conference call and webcast to review our fourth-quarter and full-year
2016 earnings, recent developments and operating performance.

Our speakers today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt
and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public
Policy and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer, are also with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides that
we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website, along with
our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and
the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual
results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to place
undue reliance on these statements.

Our 2016 Form 10-K was filed this morning. Please refer to
that document for forward-looking statements cautionary language, as well as
the risk factors and MD&A sections, which identify risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
March 3. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DON BRANDT, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thanks, Ted and thank you all for joining us today.
Pinnacle West concluded a productive 2016 with earnings in line with our
expectations. Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had another record year,
our employees set a new companywide safety record and we continue making
progress on our regulatory initiatives.

Our capital execution program is on track with several
noteworthy projects recently placed into service and our balance sheet remains
one of the strongest in the industry. Jim will discuss the financial results in
a moment. My comments will focus on our 2016 highlights and the year ahead.

Our fleet performed very well in 2016, highlighted by Palo
Verde's 25th consecutive year as the nation's largest power producer. Total
production reached 32.2 billion kilowatt hours of carbon-free electricity. In
fact, the fall refueling outage for unit 3 set a station record for the
shortest outage ever and set a nuclear industry record for radiological safety.

Before I continue, I want to recognize Randy Edington for
his significant positive impact on our Company as Chief Nuclear Officer. Randy
will be retiring from APS in March and I want to thank him for the great
service to our Company and the nuclear industry as a whole during his decade of
leadership here in Arizona. Because of his skill and experience, as well as his
ability to develop strong leaders and sustainable processes, he has left a
lasting legacy of excellence at Palo Verde.

In 2016, APS also achieved its safest year with the fewest
OSHA-recordable injuries in our history. I consider the safety of our employees
a top priority and I also believe safety metrics are good indicators of
management's ability to lead an organization. These just aren't statistics, but
the result of a continued commitment from all our employees and management team
to drive operational excellence.

Turning to the regulatory front, we've had a busy few months
with the ongoing progress of our rate review and the conclusion of the value
and cost of distributed generation proceeding. I will provide an update on
these important items in a moment, but first I want to thank Arizona
Corporation Commissioner, Bob Stump, whose term ended in early January this
year. We appreciate his commitment to the state over his many years of public
service and for driving the dialogue on several complex regulatory issues.

Commissioner Bob Burns, Andy Tobin and Boyd Dunn were sworn
in on January 3 to four-year terms. Commissioner Tom Forese was also selected
by his fellow commissioners as Chairman succeeding Commissioner Doug Little who
led the commission through a challenging period.

I will now provide an update on two important regulatory
dockets, the value and cost of distributed generation decision and our 2016
rate review filing.

On December 20, the Corporation Commission completed its
proceeding on the value and cost of DG. The commission approved the
recommendation to replace a current net metering tariff with a more
formula-driven approach. The formula will use inputs from utility scale solar
power costs and eventually transition to an avoided cost methodology.

In addition, the ACC made the following determinations.
First, banking of energy produced by DG solar systems has been eliminated.
Second, customers with DG solar may be considered a separate class of customers
for ratemaking purposes. And third, DG Solar customers who have interconnected
systems prior to the decision in APS's pending rate review will be
grandfathered for a period of 20 years.

This decision marks an important milestone in our commitment
to modernize customer rates while minimizing subsidies among customer classes.
Although other jurisdictions have attempted to make similar changes, this was
among the first to fully litigate the cases in the country and was founded on
actual evidence, sworn testimony and a judge's order.

Moreover, the decision was embraced by a wide variety of
stakeholders, including local solar installers who share our vision for
creating a sustainable energy future for Arizona.

I know APS's rate review is top of mind for many of you and
we continue making good progress with this proceeding. Since our last call, the
ACC staff and their interveners filed testimony in response to our initial
proposal. This provided a foundation for us to engage in meaningful settlement
negotiations in January and earlier this month.

We continue working with parties toward a constructive
settlement proposal to be filed no later than March 17. Last month, the
administrative law judge revised the procedural schedule for this case in order
to provide staff with sufficient time to incorporate the recent value and cost
of DG decision. As a result, the time clock was extended by 33 days and the new
hearing date is April 24.

2017 marks a period of unprecedented capital investment for
our Company as we manage more than $1.3 billion in projects and plan to spend
more than $3.4 billion in capital over the next three years. Our focus
continues to be modernizing the distribution grid, investing in flexible
generation and advancing our customer experience.

We are well-positioned to be a leader in grid automation and
technology integration. The APS solar partner program recently won the award
for Renewable Integration Project of the Year at the annual DistribuTECH
conference. Through this program, our employees are studying the application of
smart inverters to integrate rooftop solar and battery storage on the
distribution grid.

In addition, we recently placed into service an
industry-leading advanced distribution management system. Next month, we will
launch a new state-of-the-art customer information system. Both systems are
innovative, forward-thinking and bring greater value to our customers while
preparing for the future.

These investments drive operating efficiencies through
leveraging technology on the grid, which results in continued cost management
and improved reliability for our customers.

We also remain committed to upgrading our generation
portfolio with more flexible gas generation as the Ocotillo Modernization
Project hits full stride this year. Finally, our traditional generation and
transmission business continues to drive meaningful investments as we further
expand our high-voltage transmission system and install environmental control
technology at the Four Corners Power Plant.

Recently, the owners of Navajo Generating Station announced
a decision to retire the plant by 2019 in which APS has a 315 megawatt stake.
This generation shortfall is in addition to the existing shortfall of 3500
megawatts by 2022 as outlined in our 2017 preliminary integrated resource plan,
which I described for you last quarter.

Although a portion of this resource gap will be filled by
the Ocotillo Project and our recent 565 megawatt power purchase agreement, the
remainder will be procured through additional market opportunities, customer
conservation and distributed generation.

In addition to our changing energy mix, we continue to
embrace the growing Western marketplace for wholesale power. In October, we
joined the Western Energy Imbalance Market, which produced $6 million in
savings for our customers in the fourth quarter of 2016 alone. We expect
continued savings throughout 2017, which reduces costs for customers and
improves the competitiveness of our retail rates.

In summary, we delivered on our commitments in 2016 and are
well-positioned for 2017 and the long term. We have a clear plan and a strong
leadership team in place to deliver on the plan. The priorities we have for the
year ahead, in particular completing the rate review and executing on our
capital investments, are laying the foundation for APS to be a sustainable
leader in an evolving industry. We remain focused on creating value through our
core business while delivering on our financial and operational commitments. I
will now turn the call over to Jim.

JIM HATFIELD, EVP & CFO, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Don and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the
call. This morning, we reported our financial results for the fourth quarter
and full-year 2016. As you can see on slide 3 of the materials, we had a good
year and ended on a strong note.

Before I review the details of our 2016 results, let me
touch on a couple highlights from the quarter. For the fourth quarter of 2016,
we earned $0.47 per share compared to $0.37 per share in the fourth quarter of
2015. Slide 4 outlines the variances which drove the increase in our quarterly
earnings per share.

Gross margin was flat, including lower sales, which were
offset by higher LFCR revenues. Lower operations and maintenance expenses in
the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to 2015 improved earnings by $0.06 per
share largely due to lower employee benefit costs driven by the adoption of the
new stock compensation accounting guidance.

Now turning to slide 5, let's review some of the details of
our full-year results. 2016 results were in line with our expectations, earning
$3.95 per share compared to $3.92 per share in 2015 translating to an earned
consolidated ROE of 9.5% on a weather-normalized basis. Gross margin was a
positive driver for the year, contributing $0.33 per share, including favorable
year-over-year weather.

Sales in 2016 compared to 2015 added $0.05 to gross margin.
Weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales after the effects of energy
efficiency program and distributed generation were flat year-over-year, but
similar to the pattern we saw throughout 2016, the usage trends or related
pricing by customer class were mixed and generated a positive gross margin
effect.

Transmission and LFCR revenues also continued to add
incremental growth to our gross margin as designed contributing $0.17 per share
collectively.

Looking next at operating expenses. As expected, higher
operations and maintenance expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was the primary
offset to ongoing results, decreasing earnings by $0.30 per share, with the
major planned outages at Four Corners Units 4 and 5 serving as the largest
headwind. Higher transmission, distribution and customer service costs and
higher employee benefit costs also contributed to the year-over-year increase
in O&M.

Our depreciation and amortization expense in 2016 versus
2015 reduced earnings by $0.03 per share, including higher depreciation due to
additional plant and service. Interest expense net of AFUDC was a $0.02 per
share benefit to earnings in 2016 compared to 2015. The net reduction included
higher interest charges resulting from higher debt balances, which were more
than offset by higher construction work in progress benefiting AFUDC.

As a reminder, both the O&M and gross margin variances
exclude amounts related to our renewable energy and demand side management
programs. Also note that the gross margin and D&A variances exclude
operating revenues and expense related to the Palo Verde Unit 2 decommissioning
recovered through a system benefits charge. The drivers I discuss exclude these
items as there was no net impact on full-year results.

As you know, Arizona's economy continues to be an integral
part of our investment story. I will highlight next the trends we are seeing in
our local economy and in particular the Metro Phoenix area.

In 2016, the Metro Phoenix region continued to have job
growth above the national average. For the full year, employment in Metro
Phoenix increased 2.7% compared to 1.7% for the entire United States. This
above-average job growth was seen in virtually every major industry sector;
although the most significant performance gains are seen in the construction
and financial services sector. This solid job growth continues to have a
positive effect on the Metro Phoenix area's commercial and residential real
estate markets.

As seen on the upper panel of slide 6, the net absorption of
vacant office and retail space has been growing steadily since 2010. Vacancy
rates in both markets have fallen to levels last seen in 2008 or earlier and
almost 3 million square feet of new office and retail space was under
construction at the end of the quarter.

We expect a continuation of business expansion and related
job growth in the Phoenix market, which will in turn support continued
commercial development. Metro Phoenix has also growth in the real estate
market. As you can see in the lower panels of slide 6, housing construction in
2016 was at its highest level since 2007. This trend is expected to continue in
2017 as housing permits are expected to increase by about 7000 driven largely
by single-family permits.

Several factors are driving this increase. Vacant housing in
Phoenix is solidly back to pre-recession levels. Record low apartment vacancies
and absorption of available single-family homes is providing meaningful support
to home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in early 2008.

We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates and the
opening up of credit to households, who suffered from foreclosures during the
recession, should allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy more
generally to expand over the next couple of years.

Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions,
APS's retail customer base grew 1.4% in 2016. We expect that this growth rate
will continue to gradually accelerate in response to the economic growth trends
I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals supporting future
population, job growth and economic development in Arizona appears to be in
place.

In closing, I will review our financial outlook and
financing plan. As previously indicated, we will not be issuing 2017
earnings-per-share guidance at this time, but will continue to evaluate the
appropriate time to do so as our rate case progresses. In the meantime, to
assist with your estimates, a list of key drivers that may affect 2017 ongoing
earnings is included in the appendix to today's slides.

One item worth noting, we expect planned outage spend in
2017 to be comparable to 2016 in part driven by preparation for the SCR's
installation at Four Corners.

In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate APS's spend
to average around $1.1 billion annually from 2017 to 2019, which will be
primarily funded through internally generated cash flow. We continue to expect
our rate base to grow at an average annual rate of 6% to 7% through 2019.

Turning to 2017 financing, we expect to issue up to $850
million of long-term debt, including the refinance of Pinnacle's $125 million
term loan. Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity continues to remain very
strong.

A quick note on pension. Our funded status remains steady at
88% as of year-end 2016. The continued implementation of our liability-driven
investment strategy has helped keep costs down. There is a slide in the
appendix with additional details on our pension outlook.

Lastly, I will share a few thoughts on proposed tax reform.
We are actively assessing tax reform scenarios and are working closely with our
EEI peers. Overall, we view the proposed changes as beneficial to customers
with the potential to relieve some rate pressure. We generally view the
potential company impact as mild, especially given Pinnacle's minimal
parent-level debt, but with so much uncertainty at this point, it's difficult
to speculate with any degree of certainty. We will continue to monitor
discussions closely as they develop.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the
call over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Julien
Dumoulin-Smith, UBS.

JERIMIAH BOOREAM, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning. It's Jerimiah
Booream. I guess, first off, on the Navajo plant, it's been a fluid situation
and I guess, one, is there any chance to think that it wouldn't shut down at
this point, or is that pretty clear? And two, could you just clarify what
exactly that might be backfilled with? As I understand, the shutdown is not
included in your IRP.

MARK SCHIAVONI, EVP & COO, ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE
COMPANY, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: NGS, as far as your first question
about shutdown, the owners, led by SRP, who is the operating agent, has made a
decision at 2019, which is the current expiration of the existing lease. Either
we renew the lease and move forward beyond 2019 with the current owner
structure or a changed owner structure. A couple owners have made it clear they
do not want to operate beyond 2019.

In the meantime, the Department of Interior and our ACC, as
well as others, have pulled all the parties together and are looking for some
sort of resolution post 2019 in order to continue to operate the facility. The
economics of the facility as it stands today would not warrant continued
operation without some significant changes. So that is an ongoing issue still
to be resolved.

As far as the impact of the generation, we will update our
RFP as we go forward, but the current expectation is we have the resource until
at least 2019, potentially longer and we will put it into our future plans and
what we do from an RFP or some other position with regards to Navajo Generating
Station.

JERIMIAH BOOREAM: Okay. Just to clarify that. Would that be
traditional generation or something more along the lines of storage or even
solar since you guys I believe just passed the 1 gigawatt mark on solar, or is
that TBD?

DON BRANDT: It can be any of the above at this point.

JERIMIAH BOOREAM: Okay. And then just one other question on
tax reform. If we had a lower tax rate and obviously, that's a pass-through,
would you expect that to be changed in the rate case following the tax reform
or would there be any chance of that happening sooner?

JIM HATFIELD: Well, I think a lower overall corporate tax
rate would be passed on to customers. I don't think it will necessarily wait
till the next rate case. I think that the tricky part about it is there may be
some things that hurt the Company, so you would want to put it all together and
do it all at once, but we will just have to wait and see.

There is at least two proposals out there. The Treasury
Secretary spoke yesterday. I think the issue is further clouded and we will
just have to wait and see ultimately what happens.

JERIMIAH BOOREAM: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ali Agha, SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: First
question, it looks like the weather-normalized electric sales for the year at
flat were below what you had been projecting for the year, if I recall
correctly. What do you think was causing that and any further visibility for
the terms of the growth on customers and sales that you are projecting looking
over the next three years given where we've been running the last four, five,
six quarters? Anything you can point to to give us that more optimism. I know
you talked about the economic indicators, but why did 2016 come in below what
you had been expecting?

JIM HATFIELD: First of all, no question we had a weak fourth
quarter. At the end of the fourth quarter, we had positive sales, so don't know
that that's necessarily a trend and I'm not going to look to the first and
fourth quarters to look at a trend with us being weighted to second and third
quarter.

But I will say we have a lot of -- business sales were up
last year. For example, State Farm started filling their buildings in 2015.
That wasn't complete until October of this year, so you'll have a full-year
impact of that and we just see a lot of construction, especially multifamily
homes, going on in downtown Phoenix.

So all the signs are pointing toward modest sales growth in
2017. We are projecting between 0% to 1%. So we will ultimately see what
happens.

ALI AGHA: Second, over this next three-year cycle, 2017
through 2019, do you have an earned ROE goal, Jim, like you've had in the last
cycle, minimum was (inaudible) and 9.5% and you were higher? Should we think
about similar goals or different goals over this cycle period?

JIM HATFIELD: I think I will defer that until we talk about
2017 guidance.

ALI AGHA: Okay. And then on the rate case itself, I guess,
is the confidence level still pretty high on reaching a settlement on or before
March 17 and what remains in your mind the most contentious issues at this
stage?

DON BRANDT: We continue engaging with the parties in
constructive settlement discussions and generally speaking, we believe the
parties are motivated to settle. It's really difficult to go into any detail at
this point.

ALI AGHA: Okay. But, Don, is it fair to say the usual ROEs,
etc. all would be up for negotiation, I guess?

DON BRANDT: Everything is up for negotiation.

ALI AGHA: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. We have no further questions at this
time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Geisler for closing
remarks.

TED GEISLER: Thanks, Manny. This concludes our call. Thank
you all for joining us today.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does
conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and
thank you for your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 022417a7464796.796










 EXECUTIVES (94%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (89%); ANNUAL FINANCIAL
RESULTS (89%); ANNUAL REPORTS (79%); PUBLIC POLICY (66%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (94%);

ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO (72%)










 PNW (NYSE) (94%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (78%); INTERNET & WWW (73%); NUCLEAR POWER PLANTS (72%);
ACCOUNTING (69%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 March 28, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
2, 2016 Tuesday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 5794 words

Corporate Participants

* Ted Geisler

 

 

. - Director of IR

* Donald - Don Brandt

 

 

. - Chairman & CEO

* Jim Hatfield

 

 

. - CFO

* Jeff Guldner

 

 

. - SVP of Public Policy - APS

Conference Call Participants

* Greg Gordon

Evercore ISI - Analyst

* Julien Dumoulin-Smith

UBS - Analyst

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Michael Weinstein

UBS - Analyst

* Michael Lapides

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Charles Fishman

Morningstar - Analyst

* Paul Ridzon

KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates - Analyst

* Steve Fleishman

Wolfe Research - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greeting and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital
Corp. 2016 second-quarter earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now
my pleasure to introduce your host, Ted Geisler, Director of Investor
Relations. Thanks you, sir. You may begin.

TED GEISLER, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP.:
Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating in this
conference call and webcast to review our second-quarter 2016 earnings, recent
developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our Chairman
and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's Senior Vice
President of Public Policy and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief Operating Officer,
are also here with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our Investor Relations website along
with our earnings release and related information. Note that the slides contain
reconciliations of certain non-GAAP financial information. Today's comments and
our slides contain forward-looking statements based on current expectations and
the Company assumes no obligation to update these statements. Because actual
results may differ materially from expectations, we caution you not to face
undue reliance on these statements. Our second-quarter form 10-Q was filed this
morning. Please refer to that document for forward-looking statements
cautionary language as well as the Risk Factors and MD&A sections, which
identify risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
August 9. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DONALD - DON BRANDT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORP.: Thanks, Ted. Thank you all for joining us today. 2016 continues
to be in line with our expectations and we remain well positioned to meet our
financial commitments this year. Before Jim discusses the details of our
second-quarter results, I'll provide a few updates on our recent regulatory and
operational developments.

On June 1, APS filed its first rate review in five years.
Our proposal moves Arizona forward with continued investments in an advanced
energy grid, a cleaner energy mix, and new technologies that will enable our
customers to have more choices and control. Today I'll highlight the key
request of the filing and their benefits. For your reference, those items as
well as key underlying assumptions, are summarized in the appendix to today's
presentation.

The rate review provisions contain a number of benefits for
our customers, the communities we serve, and our shareholders. The requested
regulatory treatment will build upon the constructive regulatory framework
established in the 2009 and 2012 settlements. Through this rate review, APS is
asking for a change in the way customer rates are designed and an overall 5.74%
bill increase, or $166 million annually. APS has asked for an effective date of
the new rates of July 1, 2017.

Many of the key provisions in our rate review proposal are
focused on constructive regulatory treatment that mitigates regulatory lag. For
example, we're seeking post test-year plant additions for the period between
the end of the test year and the date new rates take effect. This process has
been used to mitigate regulatory lag in our last two rate settlements and in
other cases in Arizona. APS is also requesting a deferral order for our
investment in the Ocotillo modernization project, which will come into service
after the rate case, and a deferral and step increase for the selective
catalytic reduction technology equipment now being installed at the Four
Corners Power Plant. This type of step increase would be similar to the
structure agreed to in our last rate settlement regarding the acquisition by
APS of Southern California Edison's interest in the Four Corners Power Plant.

In addition, APS also proposed changes to the rate options
it offers to customers, insuring that the price a customer pays more accurately
reflects the way that customer uses the electric grid. A three part bill with a
demand component in addition to making the basic service charge itself more
cost based will reduce intra-class subsidies, better reflect the actual cost of
service, and enable the sustainable deployment of new customer technologies.
APS already has more than 120,000 residential customers on demand rates today
and our proposal expands this rate element to most residential customers. Our
proposal also benefits customers by reducing the subsidy currently paid to
support the rooftop solar industry by the 96% of residential customers who do
not have rooftop solar.

This change would not affect the 45,000 customers who
already have rooftop solar or new solar customers who submit a completed inner
connection application before July 1, 2017. We want to continue Arizona's solar
leadership the right way, with more solar for more customers without driving up
the energy bills paid by non-solar customers. The Administrative Law Judge has
set a procedural schedule for the rate proceedings. The ACC staff and
interveners would begin filing their direct testimony on December 21 and the
hearing would commence on March 22, 2017. The Commission staff supports
completing the case within 12 months.

In addition to the APS rate review filing, the Arizona
Corporation Commission is managing a very full schedule. On June 13, hearings
concluded in the value and cost of solar generic docket. Final legal briefs are
due on August 5 and we expect a recommended opinion and order later this year.
While the initial round of testimony has recently been filed in the Tucson
Electric rate case, hearings are now complete in the UniSource electric case
and a recommended opinion and order was recently issued recommending a 9.6%
non-fuel rate increase.

Turning to operational developments, we concluded planned
outages at the Palo Verde nuclear generating station and both units at the Four
Corners generating plant. Jim will discuss the financial impact, but the
extended duration of the Four Corners planned outages was a head wind in the
second-quarter results compared to the second quarter of 2015. Palo Verde,
which is Americas largest carbon-free energy source, had a solid first half of
the year, including successfully completing the unit one planned refueling
outage in 35 days.

On a related note, APS recently announced changes to its
senior leadership team at Palo Verde. Bob Bement, who has been instrumental in
Palo Verde's success, has been promoted to Executive Vice President, Nuclear.
Bob will continue reporting to Randy Edington, Executive Vice President and
Chief Nuclear Officer, until October 31 when Bob will then take over as Chief
Nuclear Officer while Randy transitions to Executive Vice President and advisor
to me.

Jack Cadogan, currently Vice President, Nuclear Engineering,
has been named to replace Bob as Senior Vice President, Site Operations and
completing the leadership team at Palo Verde, Chuck Kharrl has been named Vice
President, Site Operations and General Plant Manager and Mike McLaughlin has
been named Vice President, Operations Support. In addition, Bruce Rash is
joining Palo Verde from Exelon Corporation in the position as Vice President of
Nuclear Engineering. These changes insure Palo Verde will continue to have the
strongest nuclear leadership team in the industry.

Looking to our capital investment program, we continue
making good progress on both the Ocotillo modernization project and the
installation of selective catalytic reduction technology at Four Corners. Our
40-megawatt utility scale solar plant, Red Rock, is more than 50% complete and
on schedule for completion later this year. APS recently issued an all-source
request for proposals seeking 400 to 600 megawatts of capacity resources to
help meet customer peak energy needs. We're now evaluating the proposals with
an expected decision later this year. Last May, APS announced plans to
participate in the energy imbalance market. We're currently performing parallel
operations and expect to go live on October 1. Participation in this
five-minute energy market is expected to offer economic savings to our
customers and improve the integration of renewable resources.

Let me conclude by saying we're excited about the
opportunities ahead for our customers, our employees, and our shareholders. In
April, APS celebrated 130 years of providing its customers with reliable
electricity at an affordable cost. One month later, we filed a historic rate
review which builds on the foundation established in previous rate reviews. The
investments and proposals discussed in this filing provide a clear and
compelling vision for the future. In many respects, this case serves as a
transition from the challenges of the present to the opportunities of the
future. Meanwhile, we are delivering on our commitments and continue to be well
positioned for the balance of the year. Now I'll turn the call over to Jim.

JIM HATFIELD, CFO, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP.: Thank you,
Don, and thank you again, everyone, for joining us on the call. This morning,
we reported our financial results for the second quarter of 2016, which were in
line with our expectations. As summarized on slide 3 of the materials, for the
second quarter of 2016, we earned $1.08 per share compared to $1.10 per share
in the second quarter 2015. Slide 4 outlines the variances in our quarterly,
ongoing earnings per share, the key drivers being higher gross margin, which is
primarily offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses.

Looking at gross margin, there were several factors that
contributed to the $0.21 increase, including favorable weather. June's weather
was the hottest on record and when paired with the mild conditions in the
second quarter of last year, the net effect of weather variations increased
earnings by $0.09 per share. Higher sales in the second quarter of this year
compared to the second quarter in 2015 addled $0.04 to gross margin. In total,
weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were flat compared to last year
but the sales trends by customer class were mixed, ended up yielding a positive
gross margin effect.

More specifically, sales to higher margin residential
customers increased 1.8% in the second quarter, but this growth was partially
offset by a 1.5% reduction in sales to lower margin business customers. Collectively,
the adjustment mechanisms continue to add incremental growth to our gross
margin as designed, contributing $0.04 per share. A final comment on gross
margin, in April, APS completed the sale of a 50% ownership stake in an
existing 230 KB transmission line which resulted in a $0.03 contribution to
gross margin.

Now turning to operating expenses, as I mentioned earlier,
higher O&M was a primary offset to ongoing earnings per share in the second
quarter. Included in guidance, and in line with our expectations, the major
planned outages at Four Corners Units 4 & 5 that concluded in the second
quarter were a headwind to quarter activity compared to 2015. Another key
factor that contributed to an increase in O&M in the second quarter of this
year relative to last year was higher employee benefit costs, including stock
compensation costs.

Higher D&A also increased earnings by $0.02 in the
second quarter. This variance includes higher expenses resulting from
additional plant and service which were partially offset by lower depreciation
related to the extension of the Palo Verde sale leaseback. The gross margin and
D&A variances exclude operating revenues and expenses related to Palo Verde
Unit 2 decommissioning recovered through a systems benefit charge. The drivers
I discuss exclude these items as there was no net impact on second-quarter
results.

As the Arizona economy continues to be an integral part of
our business story, I'll highlight next the trends we are seeing in our local
economy and in particular, the Metro Phoenix area. Job growth in the second
quarter in the 2,000 Metro Phoenix area remained at about double the national
average, continuing a trend we had seen for nearly five years. As seen in the
upper panel of slide 5, Metro Phoenix added jobs at a 3.4% year-over-year rate.
This job growth is broad based with construction, business services, financial
services, and healthcare showing strong sectoral strength, adding jobs at a
clip above 4% year-over-year.

Job growth continues to have a positive effect on the Metro
Phoenix's areas commercial and residential real estate markets. Absorption of
vacant commercial space remains steady in the second quarter with combined 2
million square foot of office and retail space occupied by new tenants. Vacancy
rates in both markets have fallen to levels last seen in 2008 and almost 3
million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at
the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of business expansion and
related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will in turn support continued
commercial development.

The residential real estate market reflects those trends as
well. As you can see in the lower panel of slide 5, housing construction is on
pace to have its best year since 2007, driven primarily by the single-family
market and overall, the amount of vacant housing in Phoenix is solidly back to
pre-recession levels. Record low apartment vacancies and absorption of
available single-family homes is providing meaningful support to home prices,
which have returned to levels last seen at early 2008.

We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates, and
the opening up of credit to the wave of households who suffer from foreclosures
during the recession to allow the Metro Phoenix housing market and the economy
more generally to expand at a healthy pace over the next couple of years.
Reflecting steady improvement in an economic conditions, APS's retail customer
base grew 1.4% compared with the second quarter of last year. We expect that
this growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate in response to economic
growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long-term fundamentals
supporting future population, job growth, and economic developments in Arizona
appear to be in place.

In closing I will review our earnings guidance and financial
outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West's consolidated ongoing earnings
for 2016 will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. You will find a
complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our guidance included on
slide 6, which remain unchanged. In terms of our recent financing, on May 6,
APS issued $350 million of 3.75% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the
sale were used to redeem and cancel certain pollution-control bonds and to repay
commercial paper and replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital
expenditures. Additionally, on August 1, APS repaid at maturity $250 million of
6.25% senior unsecured notes. We anticipate issuing up to $350 million of
additional long-term debt this year.

Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity continue to remain
very strong. At the end of the quarter, Pinnacle West had no short-term
borrowings and APS had $64 million of commercial paper outstanding. Finally,
our rate based growth outlook remains 6% to 7% through 2018 and our forecast
does not include the need for additional equity.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call
back over to the operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Greg
Gordon with Evercore.

GREG GORDON, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: Hey, hello, guys.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Hey, Greg.

GREG GORDON: If we look at the schedule for the rate case, I
have a two part question. One is traditionally when do we get in the window
where we can start to potentially settle certain items in the case or
potentially get a global settlement, although that's a little bit harder
obviously? Two, what can we glean from the rate cases that have been going on
in the southern part of the state in terms of issues that have been settled or
resolved that might be precedential for your case?

JEFF GULDNER , SVP OF PUBLIC POLICY - APS, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORP.: Hey, Greg, it's Jeff Guldner. On the schedule and settlement,
typically you would start looking at that after direct testimony has been filed
by other parties and so that's probably the time you'd first start to get
really engaged in settlement discussions with folks like staff. Obviously,
you'll be engaged in discussions along the way. We do and are doing right now
technical conferences to help folks understand the filing itself and so we'll
continue that through the testimony piece.

On the other issues, obviously rate design has been a pretty
major topic in most of the cases and while it's certainly helpful in seeing
what some of those issues are, one of the things I'd be cautious of is all of
the utilities in the state are coming from a slightly different position.
You've probably seen the UNS order. The recommended order is out of the UNS
case and it's proposing a move to TOU rates. We had also suggested in our
testimony in that case that they move more towards the demand rates which is
similar to our proposal, but they aren't in the same position as we are and so
one way that we're viewing that case now is that, that's a good step in overall
rate modernization because they're moving customers out of TOU. We're in a
better position with half our customers on TOU, and about 11% of the customers
on demand rates, residential demand rates today. That's helpful in seeing what
some of the issues and discussions are but the cases are all going to be
different as they ultimately move forward.

GREG GORDON: Okay. Remind me when you said the date for
direct testimony filing is?

JEFF GULDNER : Direct testimony on the (inaudible) piece is
December 21 and then the rate design piece would be January 27 of 2017.

GREG GORDON: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH, ANALYST, UBS: Hey, good morning.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Morning.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: I just wanted to ask, how has the
election strategy evolved of late, just broad brush in light of everything
going on? Perhaps comparing this cycle versus the last, if you will.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Well most significant difference is
there's three slots that are potentially open at the Commission and Julien, you
know that alternates every other year or two versus three. We have five republican
candidates and two democratic candidates running in the primaries at the end of
this month.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Has your strategy in terms of your
approach changed at all?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: They're running their campaigns.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Okay, great. Separately, can
you elaborate a little bit on demand charges, especially versus fixed charges?
Any commentary with respect to the ALJ that came out recently in the UniSource
case and how does that differ from your own case, if you can comment?

JEFF GULDNER : Sure, Julien. It's Jeff. One of the ways to
think of the difference between demand rates and fixed charges is with the
demand rate, the customer can still control that. One of the challenges if
folks are talking about moving to higher fixed charges that don't vary with
demand, there's essentially nothing a customer can do to manage that, and so
what we've seen with our residential customers who are on a demand rate and
particularly with customers who have transitioned from a more traditional or a
time-of-use rate to a demand rate is that they actually can do things both
behaviorally and with technology that can manage demand. There's a lot of value
in moving to something that sends a better price signal that can actually incent
some technology or some behavioral adaptation from customers that help us
manage peak demand and with all of the solar we see in the Southwest, that's
the major transition that we've got to start looking at.

When you look at the other utilities, we have done more, I
think we have more customers on residential demand rates than anyone in the US
so we're in a better position to understand the dynamics of those rates, how
the rate design matters, and make those changes. I think there's a recognition
of that from the folks who are involved in the hearings here but overall in the
Southwest, rate modernization is something that has to happen. What you're
seeing in UNS is a transition out of time of use. We've done the time-of-use
rate for over 30 years and so we're at a slightly different place, our metering
technology is more advanced and so you have to be careful in looking at other
cases for direct precedent but they are certainly instructive in what some of
the issues are.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: How do you think about customer sort
of education on demand charges that were raised?

JEFF GULDNER : Very important. Again, what you want to do is
make sure that customers understand the simple aspects. We have proposed in our
case and are working on a pretty aggressive customer education program but then
also what are the tools that we can provide to customers? Some of them are very
simple from just understanding the time frames and there's things we can do in
rate design that help soften the impact of the rate, make it different from a
commercial demand rate but we also want to make sure that customers know the
other things that they can do to take control of the rate.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: Thank you.
First question, when you look at the first-half results, Jim, you mentioned
you're on track but weather has been better, the costs obviously you had
budgeted but overall, would you say that through the first half the results are
right on plan and budget as you would have envisioned the year?

JIM HATFIELD: Like I said in my remarks, Ali, we're meeting
our expectations based on where we thought we would be in the year. The O&M
is mostly fossil maintenance and it was front-end load and we know that so
there's no surprise sitting here where we are today.

ALI AGHA: Okay, and then secondly, the budget is still for
customer growth of 1.5% to 2.5% for the year. We're only at about 1.4% and also
I know the second quarter is a shorter quarter but weather normalized as you
said were flat. It was up over 1% in first quarter. Are those trends again
pretty much as expected or does that give you a better or clear picture on how
the full year may be shaping up based on how first half has shaped up so far?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Yes, we plan for gradually improving
throughout the year and if you look at 2015, the first half we were 1.2%
customer growth 2015, second half 1.3% and now we're at 1.4% and we thought
that would be that gradual acceleration through time, so I think we're right on
track.

ALI AGHA: Also for the usage as well, in terms of weather
normalized rates?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Yes, we're at 0.6% year-to-date. Our
plan this year is 0 1% so we're safely within that sort of range we expected.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Lastly, Jim as you mentioned, your latest
rate based growth numbers call for 6% to 7% CAGR. They've actually gone up
after you filed the rate case (inaudible) numbers. Can you remind me again why
that doesn't accelerate the earnings growth profile as well because the rate
base has gone up?

JIM HATFIELD: Because we don't have perfect regulations so
we continue to have some regulatory lag as well as financing costs for every
construction program will erode that earnings slightly. As we've always said,
rate-based growth is a sort of top end and dividend growth is the bottom end of
where we would expect earnings to come in, if we were going to project
earnings, which we don't.

ALI AGHA: Understood. What is the plan for dividend growth?

JIM HATFIELD: The Board will look at it again in October.
We've accelerated from [four] when we begin dividend growth again to [five] in
2014 and so we'll have to see where we are all things considered in October.

ALI AGHA: Got it. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, ANALYST, UBS: Hi, guys. With updates due
for the preliminary IRP on October 1, which is the same day that you begin
energy and balance market operations, to what extent do you expect any
incremental renewable opportunities at the utility that aren't already
reflected in the preliminary IRP?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Yes, I wouldn't not connect EIM and the
IRP. I think obviously as we look at additional renewals will be based on
specific needs at a specific time.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: I mean, it's just that one of the
justifications, I think, for joining the EIM was to benefit or to give more
opportunities for renewables. I'm just wondering to what extent was your
decision to join the EIM driven by that?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: EIM was really a customer benefit
proposition that will allow integration of renewables more but that will
provide customer savings, which was our motivation.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Roger. Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL LAPIDES, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Hey, guys, congrats
on a good quarter and good first half of the year. Question on O&M a little
bit. Can you bridge us, Jim? O&M is up and if I include the energy
efficiency and DSM charges, roughly about $60 million on a year-to-date basis.
Last year in the second half of the year, I think O&M was right around $440
million, $445 million. Are you expecting O&M to be down year-over-year in
the second half of 2016, more flattish? I'm just trying to get a feel
directionally for where you think this is just given the kind of the sizeable
uptake in first half of the year due to the outages.

JIM HATFIELD: If you look at the middle of the range from
2015 to 2016 it's about $63 million of which $50 million of that is related to
the outages, so that would imply that the comparisons moving forward will be
fairly comparable.

MICHAEL LAPIDES: Got it. Okay. Should we assume 2017 has a
sizeable roll off? How much of this O&M that you're incurring in 2016 is
kind of recurring longer term versus will kind of fall off when we get to next
year?

JIM HATFIELD: We have overhaul schedules based on OEM run rates
and how we use them and they are lumpy, but we aren't really ready to talk
about 2017 at this point.

MICHAEL LAPIDES: Got it. Okay, thanks, Jim much appreciated.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES FISHMAN, ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR: Thank you. Don, I
only have one question left. This transmission line sale, was that just too
good of a deal to pass up or should we read something more into that as a
strategy shift?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: No, so this was a transmission line we
had 50/50 partnership in and there had been discussions in prior years about
the partner wanting at some point potentially to own that line and so they
approached us about a potential transaction that was favorable to us and so we
did that and consistent with commissions, we did 50% of proceeds over book
value went back to customers and shareholders (technical difficulty) 50%.

CHARLES FISHMAN: Okay, so don't read anything into it?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Don't read anything into that, no.

CHARLES FISHMAN: Got it. Thank you, that's all I had.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.

PAUL RIDZON, ANALYST, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS: Good morning.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Hey, Paul.

PAUL RIDZON: Could you just kind of give a 10,000-foot view
of kind of the high points of what came out of the value of solar discussion
and how you expect that to interplay with your pending case?

JEFF GULDNER : This is Jeff. The briefing is still ongoing
so you've got replied briefs that are actually coming in on Friday and what
will happen then is then the ALJ, the Administrative Law Judge, will put a
recommend order out. The Commission will hear that, that open meeting. Right
now the only rate case that's teed up concurrently with that is the UNS case.
One the questions will be, then, whatever comes out of the value in the cost of
solar docket, remember that docket was focused on two things, first how do you
look at the cost of service associated with solar, the cost of solar, and then
what are the ways you value the export energy. That then has to be integrated
into the rate cases and the first case that is going to be up with that is UNS,
and again, our timing is a little better because we're later in the process. So
more to come on the value of solar yet.

PAUL RIDZON: When is the ALJ rep due?

JEFF GULDNER : It not. There's no due date, but the briefs
go in August so typically you're going to see that in a month or so after the
briefing at least.

PAUL RIDZON: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES: Good morning.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Hi, Paul.

PAUL PATTERSON: There's a workshop later this week on
reducing peak demand costs and you were just talking about TOU and what you
guys have done and what have you and I'm just wondering, could you elaborate a
little bit on what's sort of driving this workshop and the look that the
Commission is having on it?

JEFF GULDNER : Paul, this is Jeff again. One of the
challenges that we're seeing out here on the wholesale market is that we've got
a lot of solar and when that solar production is on, particularly in the spring
and the fall, what it is doing is creating negative prices in the middle of the
day and shifting the peak out later in the day and so it means there's a very
heavy focus on that peak demand part of the day and less on kind of overall
energy consumption. Folks are trying to figure out in both rate design and the
use of technology and how we design the system, so things like the Ocotillo
modernization project, how we deal with peak demand, it's increasingly the
challenge in running the system. That workshop is, I think, a positive sign
that says we're looking at how all these things play in what role technology
has, what role rate design will have, and so it's a constructive conversation.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay, good. On the value of solar, I've seen
some of the briefs and there's been some sort of issue regarding the models and
what have you. I'm just wondering whether or not there's a potential for a
settlement with some of the parties, perhaps, among some of the parties with
respect to the distributed generation value proceeding or if we should just expect
that to be kind of fully litigated.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: I would expect to see it be litigated,
given where you are in the proceeding right now.

PAUL PATTERSON: Sure, okay. Thanks so much.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen
Fleishman with Wolfe Research.

STEVE FLEISHMAN, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Yes, hi, thanks.
Just quickly, the Bloomberg grabbed a story from your 10-Q about the subpoenas
you got for the 2014 election. I just wanted to clarify that, that is related
to the politicians involved and such and clarify that the subpoenas are not
related to anything they are investigating at the Company?

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Steve, just to reiterate, in June the
Company received two subpoenas issued in connection with investigation by the
US Attorney's office pertaining to the 2014 statewide election races in
Arizona. At the time we said we would cooperate fully and that's still the
case. We're not able to comment further on the investigation while it's
ongoing.

STEVE FLEISHMAN: Okay. All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: It appears we have no further questions at this
time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Management for closing
comments.

DONALD - DON BRANDT: Thanks, Christine. Thank you all for
joining us today. This concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080216a6051844.744










 EXECUTIVES (94%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); PUBLIC POLICY (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS
(88%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (90%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); BANKING &
FINANCE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); INTERNET & WWW (72%); ACCOUNTING
(68%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 April 17, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
29, 2016 Friday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 5662 words

Corporate Participants

* Paul Mountain

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

* Don Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman & CEO

* Jim Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - CFO

* Jeff Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - APS SVP of Public Policy

Conference Call Participants

* Greg Gordon

Evercore ISI - Analyst

* Julien Dumoulin-Smith

UBS - Analyst

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Michael Lapides

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Charles Fishman

Morningstar - Analyst

* Shahriar Pourreza

Guggenheim Partners - Analyst

* Paul Patterson

Glenrock Associates - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital
Corporation first quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now
my pleasure to introduce your host, Paul Mountain, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.

PAUL MOUNTAIN, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for participating
in this conference call and webcast to review our first quarter 2016 earnings,
recent developments and operating performance. Our speakers today will be our
Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff Guldner, APS's
Senior Vice President of Public Policy, and Mark Schiavoni, APS's Chief
Operating Officer, are also here. First I need to cover a few details with you.

The slides that we will be using are available on our
Investor Relations website along with our earnings release and related
information. Note that the slides contain reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
financial information. Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking
statements based on current expectations, and the Company assumes no obligation
to update these statements. Because actual results may differ materially from
expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on these statements.

Our first quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please
refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language as
well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It also will be available by telephone through
May 6. I will now turn the call over to Don.

DON BRANDT, CHAIRMAN & CEO, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thanks, Paul, and thank you all for joining us today. 2016 has
started off with a solid first quarter, very much in line with our
expectations, and we remain well positioned to meet our financial commitments
this year. We are focused on operational execution and APS's rate case filing
planned for June 1.

We have had planned outages at both units at the Four
Corners generating fossil plant and at the Palo Verde nuclear generating
station. Jim will discuss the financial impact, but the Four Corners planned
outages were the primary headwind in our first quarter results compared to the
first quarter of 2015. The Four Corners unit five major outage began in late
January while unit four's outage started in March with both expected on-line
very soon.

Palo Verde's planned unit 1 refueling outage began on April
10. Palo Verde continues to perform exceptionally well. The site recently
completed a peer evaluation by the World Association of Nuclear Operations, or
WANO as it's known, and by the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations, or INFO,
and received exceptionally positive feedback from this evaluation.

On a related note, Maria Lacal has been instrumental in Palo
Verde's success has been promoted to senior vice president of regulatory and
oversight for Palo Verde. Maria, I know you're listening, so thank you for all
you've done to make Palo Verde one of the safest and best performing nuclear
plants in the nation.

We're making progress on our capital investment program.
We're building a 40-megawatt utility scale solar facility known as Red Rocks
Solar where our major customers, ASU and Paypal, have agreed to buy the power
and will also receive the renewable energy credits.

We signed an agreement with a data center to construct a
micro grid at their location in north Phoenix. This will be the second micro
grid APS is partnering on in our service territory. The first with the
department of the Navy's Marine Corps air station Yuma.

The Red Rocks Solar and micro grid projects represent unique
opportunities to develop innovative solutions for our customers. Additionally,
as part of the APS solar partner program, we are the first utility in the
nation to use advanced technology to manage solar generation through the use of
advanced inverters. The inverters APS is using recently received underwriters
laboratory certification.

This is an important milestone since we require that all
equipment on the grid be certified by UL. The advance inverters allow us full
command and control of the devices we own, which includes ramping up or
curtailing power and enabling two-way power flows.

Turning to the regulatory calendar, the Arizona corporation
commission and staff have been managing a full schedule. The UNS rate case
hearing took place in March.

We were engaged in the residential rate design portion of
that docket. The discussions centered on the deployment of three-part rates,
which include an energy component, a demand component, and a customer charge. A
final decision is expected this summer.

We also filed testimony in the value and cost of distributed
generation docket. Hearings began on April 18 and are expected to conclude in
early May. There is not a set timetable for a decision. The outcome of this
docket is anticipated to outline a statewide methodology of how the cost of
service for solar customers will be handled, as well as how the value of solar
will be determined.

We do not expect to have decisions on these two dockets
before our June 1 rate case filing date, but our engagement in each process has
provided insight on rate design. Residential rate design is an area where we
will propose changes to better align costs with prices, including proposing
three-part rates for most residential customers as well as shifting our time of
use periods to later in the day.

We'll also request a deferral of costs related to two large
capital projects that we will be investing in. The selective catalytic
reduction controls, or SCRs as they're known, at Four Corners, and the fast
ramping natural gas modernization project at our Ocatillo site. These
investments total over $900 million over the next few years with in service
dates of 2018 and 2019 respectively.

In the case of the SCRs since the timing of installations
will be close to the end this rate case, we'll also propose a step mechanism to
reflect the deferred SCR cost similar to the treatment of the Four Corners
acquisition. Our overall rate filing theme centers on clean energy,
sustainability, innovation, and technological options for customers.

Lastly, I will comment on a recent development. Earlier this
month, a constitutional ballot initiative supported by Solar City that was
related to distributed generation and rate making was filed with the Arizona
secretary of state in an effort to put the initiative on the November 2016
ballot. In response, two bills were introduced this week in the Arizona
legislature that would have offered competing referendums for Arizona voters to
consider.

Very late yesterday, the Solar City ballot initiative and
the two bills were pulled from consideration. The Arizona utility industry and
Solar City agreed to further dialogue in the future to seek a constructive
outcome on net metering.

In closing, we're delivering on our commitments and continue
to be well positioned for a solid year in 2016. We're focused on operational
excellence and positioning APS as a sustainable leader through strategic
capital investments and a forward thinking rate filing. I will now turn the
call over to Jim.

JIM HATFIELD, CFO, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank
you, Don. And thank you again, everyone, for joining us on the call.

This morning we reported our financial results for the first
quarter of 2016 which were in line with our expectations. As you can see on
slide 3 of the materials, for the first quarter of 2016, we earned $0.04 per
share compared to $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2015.

The primary drivers were a higher gross margin, offset by a
higher operations and maintenance expense. Several factors contributed to the
gross margin in the first quarter, including favorable weather. The net effect
of weather variations increased earnings by $0.02 per share.

Although weather in both 2016 and 2015 first quarters were
less favorable than the normal 10-year averages, heating degree days were 57%
higher in the first quarter of this year compared to last year. Higher usage by
APS's customers compared to the first quarter a year ago added a penny to gross
margin. Weather normalized retail kilowatt hour sales increased 1.3% in the
first quarter of 2016 versus 2015.

The transmission adjustment mechanism and the Arizona sun
program also added to the first quarter gross margin. We still expect the lost
fix cost recovery mechanism or LFCR, to be a positive driver for the year, but
favorability will be more heavily weighted in the second half of the year.

Now turning to O&M, as Don mentioned earlier, higher
O&M was a primary headwind to first quarter 2016 earnings compared to 2015,
largely driven by the major planned outage at Four Corners unit five that began
in late January. In line with our expectations, the outage costs decreased
earnings by about $0.13 quarter-over-quarter.

The Four Corners unit four and five planned outages were
both concluded in the second quarter which will provide a headwind similar to
the first quarter consistent with guidance.

Lastly, a brief note on depreciation and amortization
expenses. Lower D&A increased earnings by a penny in the first quarter.

This variance includes higher expenses resulting from
additional plant and service which were offset by lower depreciation related to
the extension of the Palo Verde sale lease-back. As Arizona's economy continues
to be an integral part of our business story, I will highlight next the trends
we are seeing in the local economy and in particular the metro Phoenix area.

What you see on slide 4 is a continuation of the consistent
growth trend we have been describing for you the last couple of years. Job
growth in the first quarter of 2016 in the metro Phoenix area remained above
the national average as it has for nearly five years. As seen on the upper
panel, Metro Phoenix added jobs at a 3.6% year-over-year rate.

This job growth is broad based with construction, business
services, financial services, and healthcare showing strong sectorial strength
adding jobs at a clip above 4% year-over-year. The job growth in Phoenix
economy is driven -- is driving robust population migration. Of the 15 largest
US metro areas, Phoenix ranks third in the nation in 2015 population growth,
behind only Houston and Dallas, which is influencing trends in the metro
Phoenix housing permits as can be seen in the lower panel of slide 4.

In 2015, Phoenix saw the housing market record its best year
since 2007 for both total permits and the single-family sector by itself with
almost 22,000 permits and 15,000 permits respectively. This growth trend
continued in the first quarter of 2016 as single-family permits grew nearly 35%
over last year's first quarter. We expect the housing market to continue to
improve throughout this year with annual total housing permits falling in the
range of 25,000 to 32,000.

In summary, the metro Phoenix economy continues to grow
steadily and is positioned for stronger growth over the next couple of years.
Additionally Arizona and metro Phoenix remain attractive places to live and do
business, especially as they are situated relative to the large but higher cost
California market.

Reflecting the steady improvement in economic conditions,
APS's retail customer base grew 1.3% compared with the first quarter last year.
We expect that this growth rate will gradually accelerate in response to the
economic growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long term
fundamentals supporting future population, job growth, and economic development
in Arizona appear to be in place.

In closing, I will review our earnings guidance and
financial outlook. We continue to expect Pinnacle West consolidated ongoing
earnings for 2016 will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share. The
adjustment mechanisms, particularly transmission and the LFCR, along with
modest sales growth and normal weather remain the key gross margin drivers. You
will you find a complete list of factors and assumptions underlying our
guidance included on slide 5 which are unchanged from last year.

Looking ahead to 2016 financing, we plan to refinance a $250
million August maturity and anticipate issuing up to $400 million of additional
long-term debt.

Overall, our balance sheet and liquidity remain very strong.
During the first quarter APS increased its commercial paper program from $250
million to $500 million. At the end of the quarter Pinnacle West had no
short-term borrowing, and APS had $262 million of commercial paper outstanding.

Finally, our rate base growth outlook remains 6% to 7%
through 2018, and our forecast does not include the need for additional equity.
This concludes our prepared remarks. I will now turn the call back over to the
operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: Thank you.

(Operator Instructions)

Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with
Evercore. Please proceed.

GREG GORDON, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: A couple questions.
First on all the activity in the capital around the net metering, the
legislation, is it your expectation that you are going to be able to settle --
substantively settle issues around net metering in the context of your rate
case, or do you think that whatever happens in the Unisource case is going to
be precedential, some combination of both? Is it your expectation that will you
be able to effectively bury the hatchet with the solar leasing guys and figure
out a scenario that makes everybody happy?

DON BRANDT: Thanks, Greg. And thanks for being on the call.
Our expectations at this point is to sit down and we and the rest of the
utility industry in Arizona and have good faith discussions with
representatives of the leasing -- the solar leasing industry. And see where
that takes us.

GREG GORDON: Do you expect those conversations would happen
soon enough to affect the outcome of the Unisource case, or will the commission
just make a move to change the tariffs in the way --

DON BRANDT: Jeff is sitting here. I will let him chime in on
the UNS case.

JEFF GULDNER, APS SVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: The UNS case is moving into settlement discussions so
they're through hearing, so I expect that's going to continue on the path that
it's on, and then our case is teed up to file on June 1. Right now there's a
bunch of different paths that are moving. We'll just to have see how they
intersect.

GREG GORDON: Okay. I've got a bunch of other questions, but
I'll go to the back of the queue. Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with UBS securities.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning.

DON BRANDT: Hey, Julien.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Wanted to follow up a little bit on
that solar question. I'd be curious, what exactly is the mediation that's
talked about here as dar as the deal with Solar City and the rest of the crowd
here? What could that ultimately come out of that? What is the scope of that
perhaps is the most precise question.

JEFF GULDNER: It's Jeff. So the scope is, sit down and look
at certainly there have been some things that have happened elsewhere and look
at what we can talk about in Arizona. So, it need to have an Arizona focus.
We're different than other parts of the country, but we certainly are open to
sitting down and having good faith discussions with folks on the rooftop solar
side.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: So ala what happened in New York?

JEFF GULDNER: Yes, there are different things with framers
but New York is obviously a different situation, and those talks were broader
and also involved some community solar aspects. So I think the important thing
is understanding Arizona has got a different setting, if you will, but still
there's certainly room for discussion.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: And just to clarify, what's the
timeline on that? Just as it relates to sort of Greg's question here with the
Tucson case being precedential or your own case, et cetera?

JEFF GULDNER: We're working to schedule the discussions
right now, but how they intersect it's that early to say.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Fair enough. Moving back to
the transmission side, the TransCanyon JV of sorts, I would be curious what are
you guys looking at now that PG&E is in the mix, how widespread is this? Is
there anything specific you can speak in to terms of FERC 1,000 processes that
you're looking at?

DON BRANDT: No, the PG&E partnership we believe at
TransCanyon will give us more opportunity sets, if you will. I think the scope
of TransCanyon has not changed. It's still focused in the [wec] region, and
we'll continue to be active where we can on a transmission project.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Right. And just to clarify here,
given some of the bankruptcies in the sector is there any opportunity to
revisit certain transmission lines?

DON BRANDT: I don't think so.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Okay. Great. I will leave it there. I
will get back in the queue.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust. Please proceed with your question.

ALI AGHA, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: Thank you.
Good morning.

DON BRANDT: Good morning, Ali.

ALI AGHA: First, Jim, wanted to clarify, I believe if I
heard you correctly you were saying the outage at Four Corners impacted the
first quarter by $0.13, and that you expect is similar in second quarter as
well, $0.13? Is that the way we should think about?

JIM HATFIELD: No. As we said on the fourth quarter call, the
headwind would be $0.13 in the first quarter, and it was. I think Four Corners
5 is on-line now, and so we're having a little bleed into the second quarter,
but certainly the majority of the impact is first quarter driven.

ALI AGHA: I see. So more like a couple of pennies in the
second quarter.

JIM HATFIELD: Yes.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Secondly, just to get a sense, a lot of
moving parts around the solar issue. Do you still have that value and cost of
solar process going on as well, and so is that still the key sort of part, sort
of the critical part, if you will, to finally the commission reaching some
conclusion on would they want to do with solar, or are these other discussions
taking precedence? Can you just line it up for us, like what is the key
critical part item to clarify the solar situation?

JEFF GULDNER: So, Ali, this is Jeff, you've got -- so the
value and cost of solar docket which is a generic docket is moving through
hearings right now. That will go into briefings and provide the commission with
information, but it's another separate track.

So the challenge right now is there's multiple separate
tracks that are moving forward, and we don't know how those are going to
intersect. And so if the value in solar -- value and cost of solar docket
results in findings and conclusions, then presumably those get factored into
rate cases or other things.

ALI AGHA: Okay.

JEFF GULDNER: But it's unclear where that's going right now.
It's still in hearing.

ALI AGHA: I see. So when you file your rate case June 1,
assuming all of this is still out there, will you basically lay out what you
assume makes sense and then put that as part of the rate case filing, or would
you leave it blank? Conceptually how should we think about that?

JEFF GULDNER: No, we've got a plan. Our plan in the rate
case filing continues to be around making changes to the residential rate
design and moving to a three-part rate structure. That's what you will see
proposed in our case. What the commission does with that and how they overlay
some of these other dockets, that's something that will be discussed but that's
the change here in Arizona is a lot of the focus has moved into the rate design
portion of these rate cases, and in the past it's been much more around the
revenue requirement side. So we're seeing a lot of interest and a lot of desire
to talk about rate design, and these other dockets are helping to feed into
that discussion.

ALI AGHA: I see. Last question. In the recent past and even
the last couple of years, there's been clearly a trend towards consolidation in
the sector. Just from an industry observer point of view, I wanted to get your
sense of how you're looking at that, changing landscape, and given valuations
as they are, does that kind of make sense as far as the ongoing consolidation
trend that we're seeing in this overall utility sector?

DON BRANDT: Ali, I think the best way is to respond to that
is we're focused on running an exceptional utility and one of the fastest
growing territories in the United States.

ALI AGHA: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Lapides with Goldman Sachs.

MICHAEL LAPIDES, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Real quick on the
rate case process, I want to make sure I'm thinking about this, that you're
thinking that the rate case would end with a step-up that probably comes
mid-2017, and then another step-up to reflect the SCRs like at the end 2018,
beginning of 2019 time frame? Am I thinking about that right?

That's the first question. The second question is a little
more nuanced. In your 2016 guidance what do you assume for the revenue step-up
related to both transmission and the LFCR?

JEFF GULDNER: Michael this is Jeff. Let me just talk about
on the rate case side, then Jim can follow up on the second part of your
question. So similar to Four Corners, we're looking at a combination of --
we're asking this case for the commission to consider a combination of
mechanisms that would affect -- that would go into place after the case is
concluded. One of them would be a step increase.

So if the case was concluded and rates went into effect in
mid-2017 that would be the outcome with the rate case result. And then a step
increase later would be factored into that. And so that's similar.

If you want to go look at what happened in the Four Corners
decision in our last rate case, it just reflects the timing of some of these
plant additions occur after they're too far out, and if we don't address it
with some kind of a step mechanism, then you come right back in on another rate
case pretty quickly. Jim can talk about the --

JIM HATFIELD: Yes, so, Michael, we haven't really disclosed
individually transmission LFCR, other than to say that those two together are a
large part of the gross margin increase. But keep in mind one thing about
transmission. Last year we had the -- we had the one-time decrease of
transmission revenues reflecting our filing. So we don't expect to have that
this year.

MICHAEL LAPIDES: Got it. Just coming back to the rate case
and the incremental step-up piece, is the step-up just for the SCRs? Is there a
chance you could potentially get a step-up in late 2018, early 2019 for the SCR
and maybe even get Ocatillo in, too? Just trying to think -- you've got two
really big CapEx projects underway. Just trying to think about how you get rate
recovery for those.

JEFF GULDNER: One would be a deferral mechanism. Deferral
mechanism around SCR isn't a step for Ocotillo.

MICHAEL LAPIDES: Got it. But you wouldn't be putting in the
deferral, the SCR costs into rates at the same time would you try to do
Ocotillo? You would defer the SCR call until a future case?

JEFF GULDNER: The deferral would go into a future case.

OPERATOR: Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Please proceed.

CHARLES FISHMAN, ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR: Don, you mentioned
that the discussion on the three-part rate design, I assume both you and
Unisource right now after two-part design, just energy and fixed. Is that
correct?

DON BRANDT: No, we've actually have had demand rates for
what, Jeff, almost 200,000 customers.

JEFF GULDNER: North of 100,000 customers right now on
three-part residential rate design that has a demand in energy and a fixed
component. And so that's -- I think we're the utility -- or largest customer
base with demand rates today in the US.

CHARLES FISHMAN: And really what allows you to do that is
the smart meters that were installed, correct?

JEFF GULDNER: Actually, no. We've had demand rates well
before we've had smart meters. The smart meters provide some additional
essentially functionality for customers. And so you can do more things with
them and get more information. But we were doing demand rates before we had AMI
meters.

CHARLES FISHMAN: Okay. That's all I had. Thanks for the
clarification.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar
Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA, ANALYST, GUGGENHEIM PARTNERS: I thought
prior discussions in the past, including our own conversations with the ACC,
seem to point that they were looking to solve the at least the generic solar
proceedings by the May time frame prior to your rate case filing. They seem
like they were pretty confident on that. Is this sort of a change, or what sort
of a delay, or if there wasn't a delay and we were mistaken?

DON BRANDT: So the hearings go through next week, May 6.
Then we would expect the ALJ to have a recommended order out July time frame,
and then we expect the commissioners to hear it in an open meeting sometime
after that.

JEFF GULDNER: So the generic document would occur before the
decision in the -- in our rate case. It's more of a challenge for the UNS given
the timing of their rate case.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: Okay, got it. And then just one last, a
little bit more of an obscure question. On TransCanyon, is there sort of --
with the EIM being launched is there an opportunity to go beyond that real time
day ahead sort of balancing to something that could lead to something more on
the resource adequacy longer term, ie, can there be more infrastructure
spending around the region, especially if you get Mexico to join the EIM, which
I think that's preliminary discussions?

DON BRANDT: So I think you need to separate TransCanyon from
EIM. They're separate decisions. EIM is not to solve resource adequacy
capacity. It's really a -- more of a real-time intermittency type mechanism, so
no connection between the two.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: And you don't see that expanding to
regional transmission planning.

DON BRANDT: Not the way the west is configured today, no.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: Great, thanks so much.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.

PAUL PATTERSON, ANALYST, GLENROCK ASSOCIATES: Good morning.
Just to circle back on the negotiations with Solar City and what have you, I'm
just wondering, what caused the change in heart? I mean, you guys were
battling, and now it looks like peace is breaking out. I'm just wondering if
you can give us a little sense as to what changed on the ground and whether or
not there's -- what you see the risk of potentially unraveling. I just was
wondering if you could give us any flavor.

JEFF GULDNER: Paul, this is Jeff. We started in 2012 we
reached out and said let's have a dialog of how we address net metering and
move to a more sustainable model for the rooftop solar compensation in Arizona.
And as I think you know that was met with very aggressive political campaign
that has continued to date, and what happened earlier this month is about
proposition was launched by Solar City that would put in the constitution very
detailed provisions around net metering, interconnection rules and things like
that.

That prompted a response by the Arizona legislature that
proposed -- was proposing and hearing a separate ballot proposition, two
separate ballot propositions, one around the resolution of net metering issues,
and the second one that would have ensured that solar rooftop companies were
treated as public service corporations. That obviously escalated everything up
to where we had three ballot propositions that were on the constitution.

And we think it's probably more constructive to have
dialogue with that without ballot propositions hanging over everyone.

PAUL PATTERSON: That makes sense, but it doesn't sound like
your position changed all that much. I mean, so I guess what I'm wondering, is
there anything to point to other than the ballot initiatives in the legislature
that were going pretty quickly this week? Is that what was the crux? Is that
the pivot point from, in terms of Solar City and what have you? Is that the
right way to think about?

JEFF GULDNER: I think the ballot propositions coming down is
what's allowing the discussions to move forward.

PAUL PATTERSON: Okay. Fair enough. My other questions have
been answered. Thanks so much. Have a great weekend.

DON BRANDT: Thank you.

JEFF GULDNER: Thanks, Paul.

OPERATOR: Our next question is a follow-up question from
Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.

GREG GORDON: Yes, I guess as I'm thinking about the deferral
mechanism that you are going ask for, for the SCRs that would be -- have the
effect, if I'm thinking about it correctly, of sort of immunizing you guys from
the earnings impact of the costs associated with running SCRs until you could
get rate recovery, but that would be a drag on the cash flow of the Company, because
the SCRs would actually be in place.

So I guess I'm asking you, Jim, you must be pretty confident
on the underlying cash flow profile of the core business to be able to offer to
the customer a deferral mechanism that would smooth the rate impact in that
manner. Is that a fair way of thinking about it?

JIM HATFIELD: Greg, that's absolutely correct. I mean, we
modeled this in our model that we've given to the agencies, as Don alluded to
on the fourth quarter call, we have one of the best balance sheets in the
industry. So we can really carry those from a cash perspective without recovery
until we get the -- in the rate base.

JEFF GULDNER: Greg, it's Jeff. I misspoke earlier. I think I
transposed them. The step is for the SCRs. The deferral is for Ocatillo.

GREG GORDON: Either way --

JIM HATFIELD: Either way, Greg, we're good with that.

GREG GORDON: And we're still looking at 6% to 7% rate base
growth with no equity needs through -- what year have you put out on the table
as the sort of outside date where you're confident you don't need equity?

JIM HATFIELD: It's really through our planning [horizes].

GREG GORDON: And is that indefinite?

JIM HATFIELD: It's not indefinite.

GREG GORDON: I'm kidding. I'm just wondering how far out you
guys generally plan for. Three, five, eight, ten years.

JIM HATFIELD: we plan for five years. We have a five-year
forecast.

GREG GORDON: Okay. So if rate base is growing at 6% to 7%,
Don, and you can craft up rate settlement that allows you a stable return on
equity construct, at a 5% dividend growth aspiration you would actually after
declining payout ratio. So at would point do you reassess that, especially
given how the fortress balance sheet that you guys have put together?

DON BRANDT: I think your analysis is correct, Greg. We take
a good hard look at it usually in the fall of each year as you know, and
discuss it with our board and take what we think are the appropriate long-term
actions at that point in time.

GREG GORDON: Okay. Thanks, guys. Have a great afternoon.

DON BRANDT: Thanks, Greg.

OPERATOR: Mr. Mountain, we have no further questions at this
time. I would to you like to turn the floor back over to you for closing
comments.

PAUL MOUNTAIN: Thank you, Christine, and thank you,
everybody. That concludes our call. Talk to you soon.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042916a5973228.728










 EXECUTIVES (94%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); GS (NYSE) (90%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); BANKING &
FINANCE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); INTERNET & WWW (72%); POWER
FAILURES (61%); NUCLEAR POWER PLANTS (50%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 June 16, 2016




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

November
3, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 4668 words

Corporate Participants

* Ted Geisler

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Director of IR

* Don Brandt

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - Chairman and CEO

* Jim Hatfield

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - CFO

* Jeff Guldner

Pinnacle West Capital Corporation - APS SVP of Public Policy

Conference Call Participants

* Julien Dumoulin-Smith

UBS - Analyst

* Michael Weinstein

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Ali Agha

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Shahriar Pourreza

Guggenheim Partners - Analyst

* Charles Fishman

Morningstar - Analyst

* Paul Ridzon

KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst

* Greg Gordon

Evercore ISI - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to the Pinnacle West Capital
Corporation third-quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now
my pleasure to introduce your host, Ted Geisler, Director of Investor
Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.

TED GEISLER, DIRECTOR OF IR, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thank you, Christine. I would like to thank everyone for
participating in this conference call and webcast to review our third-quarter
2016 earnings, recent developments, and operating performance. Our speakers
today will be our Chairman and CEO, Don Brandt, and our CFO, Jim Hatfield. Jeff
Guldner, APS's Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Mark Schiavoni, APS's
Chief Operating Officer, are also with us.

First, I need to cover a few details with you. The slides
that we will be using are available on our investor relations website, along
with our earnings release and related information. Note the slides contain
reconciliation of certain non-GAAP financial information.

Today's comments and our slides contain forward-looking
statements, based on current expectations, and the Company assumes no
obligation to update these statements. Because actual results may differ
materially from our expectations, we caution you not to place undue reliance on
these statements.

Our third quarter Form 10-Q was filed this morning. Please
refer to that document for forward-looking statements, cautionary language, as
well as the risk factors and MD&A sections which identify risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
contained in our disclosures.

A replay of this call will be available shortly on our
website for the next 30 days. It will also be available by telephone through
November 10. I'll now turn the call over to Don.

DON BRANDT, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
CORPORATION: Thanks, Ted, and thank you all for joining us today. This year
continues to be in line with our expectations, and keeping us on pace with our
guidance for the year. Although we experienced mild weather during August and
September, our positive customer growth and disciplined cost management
continued to support our ability to meet our financial commitments. Our Board
also approved a 5% dividend increase, effective with the December payment,
continuing the predictable return of capital to our shareholders.

Before Jim discusses the details of our third-quarter
results, I'll provide several updates on recent operational and regulatory
developments. Our operations teams did an excellent job maintaining the
generating fleet and the electrical grid again this summer. The Palo Verde
nuclear generating station performed well, and Unit 3 entered its planned
refueling outage on October 8.

Although this summer was mild compared to last, temperatures
soared to 118 degrees on June 19, and demand for electricity peaked at 7,051
megawatts. On a weather-normalized basis, this was the highest peak demand for
APS in nine years. Our growing customer demand further demonstrates the need to
continue expanding the grid while adding peaking resources.

One data point worth noting is that when our customers were
using the most energy, at around 5:30 PM on June 19, rooftop solar on our
system was producing only 28% of its capacity. Meanwhile, utility scale solar
was producing 72% of its capacity, because most utility scale panels are on
trackers that move with the sun. A couple of hours later, when our system
demand was still above 7,000 megawatts, essentially not changed, rooftop solar
production plummeted to zero. This scenario is not unique to our peak day, and
highlights the importance of the electric grid at all hours of the day.

On average, our customers now reach their summer peak energy
demand 45 minutes later in the day than they did four years ago. With customers
using more energy in the evening hours, APS's on-peak hours of noon to 7:00 PM
are outdated. This is why we have recently proposed to change on-peak hours to
3:00 to 8:00 PM so on peak pricing is better aligned with customer demand.

As I discussed on our last call, APS filed a rate review on
June 1. Since the filing, we have continued to communicate with the Arizona
Corporation Commission staff and interveners, regarding the details of the
proposal and its intent. The ACC staff and interveners will file their direct
testimony on all matters, except rate design on December 21, and their
remaining direct testimony on January 27. Parties will have the opportunity to
enter into formal settlement discussions before the hearing commences on March
22.

On a related matter, a recommended opinion and order was
issued by the Administrative Law Judge on October 7, for the value and cost of
distributed generation docket. The recommendation proposed progress on several
key issues, including the elimination of net metering, to be replaced by new
methodologies, consistent with staff's proposals. These methodologies align the
value of export energy from rooftop solar with either utilities avoided cost,
or a resource comparison proxy, comprised of actual utility-scale solar PPA
costs.

The ALJ recommendation also concludes that rooftop solar
customers are partial requirements customers, and suggested the determination
for placing these customers in a separate class should be addressed in the rate
review proceeding. This item is expected to be heard in the December 13 and 14
Commission open meeting.

On September 30, APS filed its preliminary 2017 Integrated
Resource Plan, or IRP, which the Corporation Commission. The plan addresses
several key factors, including our future resource needs as customer demand
grows, and power supply contracts expire. By 2022, our incremental resource
requirement is forecasted to be in excess of 3,500 megawatts. This resource gap
will be fulfilled through a variety of sources, including the Ocotillo
modernization project, which is on track for completion in 2019.

Earlier this year, we issued an all source request for
proposals, seeking 400 to 600 megawatts of capacity by 2020, which will also
contribute toward our future resource needs. We have short-listed proposals and
will be finalizing a resource selection in the coming months. The remainder of
our resource requirements will be evaluated as part of the IRP process, which
may include additional RFPs in the future.

On October 1, APS successfully began full participation in
the Western Energy and Balance Market. This realtime wholesale power market
enables APS to exchange energy with a variety of resources across eight western
states, reducing costs for our customers, and improving the integration of
renewable resources. This was a smooth transition, and well managed by our
operations teams.

Turning to our capital investment program, we continue
making good progress on the installation of selective catalytic reduction
technology at the Four Corners Power Plant. Our 40-megawatt utility scale solar
plant, Red Rock, is on schedule for completion later this year, and our 4
megawatts of battery storage investments are also on track for completion this
year as part of the solar partner program.

We completed three high voltage transmission lines this year
to support our customer growth west of Phoenix, which total $145 million of
investment in the reliability of our transmission system. And finally, our
innovative micro grid project for the Department of the Navy will begin
commercial operation next month at the Marine Corps Air Station in Yuma,
Arizona.

Let me conclude by saying that we remain focused on
delivering our financial and operational commitments. We have a busy calendar
over the next year, and while the Corporation Commission addresses rate design
modernization, and we engage with stakeholders on our rate review, our capital
investment program continues to be robust, and is focused on flexible
generation, new grid technology, and advancing our core utility operations to
prepare for the changing needs of our customers. I'll now turn the call over to
Jim.

JIM HATFIELD, CFO, PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORPORATION: Thank
you, Don, and thank you, again, everyone, for joining us on the call. This
morning, we reported our financial results for the third quarter of 2016, which
excluding historically mild weather, were in line with our expectations. As
summarized on slide 3 of the materials, for the third quarter of 2016, we
earned $2.35 per share, compared to $2.30 per share in the third quarter of
2015.

Slide 4 outlines the variances in our quarterly ongoing
earnings per share. Looking at gross margin, the largest single driver during
the quarter was unfavorable weather, which decreased earnings by $0.09.

In aggregate, this year's third quarter was the mildest in
the last 10 years, where we experienced one of the hottest Julys on record,
followed by some of the mildest August and September conditions we've seen in
the last 20 years. Sales in the third quarter of this year compared to the
third in 2015 added $0.02 to gross margin.

In total, weather-normalized retail kilowatt hour sales were
essentially flat compared to last year, but similar to the pattern we saw in
the second quarter this year, with sales trends by customers class were mixed,
and ending up yielding a positive gross margin effect. And lastly, our
transmission and LFCR adjusters continue to add incremental growth to our gross
margin, as designed, contributing $0.09 per share collectively.

Now turning to operating expenses, which combined
contributed $0.02 per share. Lower depreciation and amortization expense, and
lower other taxes, each contributed $0.01 to earnings. Lower D&A included
higher expenses resulting from additional plant in service, which were offset
by lower depreciation related to the extension of Palo Verde sale leaseback.

In line with our expectations, as we have previously
indicated, operations and maintenance expense was flat in the third quarter of
this year, relative to last year. This also aligns with guidance, with the
projected increase in 2016 O&M over 2015 having been realized in the first
half of the year. Interest expense, net of AFUDC, was another positive driver
to earnings during the third quarter of this year, compared to the third
quarter of 2015.

The net reduction included higher interest charges resulting
from higher balances, offset by a higher construction work in progress,
benefiting AFUDC. As a reminder, both the O&M and gross margin variances
exclude amounts related to our renewable energy and demand side management
programs. Also note that the gross margin and D&A variances exclude
operating revenues and expenses related to the Palo Verde Unit 2
decommissioning, recovered through a system benefit charge. The drivers I
discussed exclude these items, as there is no net impact on third-quarter
results.

As Arizona's growing economy continues to be an integral
part of our value proposition, I'll highlight next the trends we are seeing in
our local economy and in particular, the metro Phoenix area. In the latest
quarter, the metro Phoenix region continued its trend of generating solid job
and population growth, at rates above the national average. In fact, of the 15
largest metro areas across the country, metro Phoenix ranks as the
third-fastest growing area in population, and the fourth-fastest growing in
jobs.

This above average job growth holds true of virtually every
major industry sector, as well, although the most significant performance gains
are seen in the construction, financial services, and wholesale trade sectors.
This strong job growth continues to have a positive effect on the metro Phoenix
area's commercial and residential real estate market. Absorption of vacant
commercial space remained steady in the third quarter, with over 1 million
square feet of office and retail space occupied by new tenants.

As seen on the upper panel of slide 5, vacancy rates in both
markets helped to fall to levels last seen in 2008 or earlier, and almost 3
million square feet of new office and retail space was under construction at
the end of the quarter. We expect a continuation of business expansion and
related job growth in the Phoenix market, which will in turn support commercial
development. The residential real estate market reflects these trends, as well.

As you can see in the lower panel of slide 5, housing
construction is on pace to have its best year since 2007, driven primarily by
the single family market. And overall, the amount of vacant housing in Phoenix
is solidly back to pre-recession levels. Record low apartment vacancies and
absorption of available single family homes is providing meaningful support to
home prices, which have returned to levels last seen in early 2008.

We believe that solid job growth, low mortgage rates, and
the opening up of credit to the wave of households who suffer from foreclosures
during the recession should allow the Phoenix metro housing market and the
economy more generally to expand at a healthy pace over the next couple of years.
Reflecting the stated improvement in economic conditions, APS's retail customer
base grew 1.4%, compared to the third quarter of last year. We expect that this
growth rate will continue to gradually accelerate, in response to the economic
growth trends I just discussed. Importantly, the long term fundamentals
supporting future population, job growth, and economic development in Arizona
appear to be in place.

In closing I will review our recent financing activity,
earnings guidance, and financial outlook. On September 20, APS issued $250
million of 10-year 2.55% senior unsecured notes. The proceeds from the sale
were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily
used in connection with the payment of APS's August senior unsecured note
maturity.

On August 31, Pinnacle West entered into a $75 million
364-day unsecured revolving credit facility. At the end of the quarter,
Pinnacle West had $34 million outstanding under that facility, and APS had $83
million of commercial paper outstanding. Overall, our balance sheet and
liquidity continue to remain very strong. As Don discussed, in October, the
Board of Directors increased the indicated annual dividend by $0.12 per share
or approximately 5%, to $2.62 per share, effective with our December payment.

Looking to guidance, we expect Pinnacle West consolidated
ongoing earnings for 2016 will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.10 per share.
However, based on year-to-date results, we expect to be in the lower half of
the range. You'll find a complete list of factors and assumptions underlying
our guidance included on slide 6, which are unchanged. Similar to prior years,
with rate case proceedings, we will evaluate the appropriate time to issue 2017
information and EPS guidance, as the rate case progresses.

In the meantime, to assist with your estimates, we have
updated our rate base forecast through 2019, which is included in the appendix
of today's slides. The primary drivers have not changed, and the trajectory of
6% to 7% growth off of 2015 continues. We will provide updates to our CapEx
forecast and other drivers on our fourth quarter call as part of our 10-K
update.

This concludes our prepared remarks. I'll now turn the call
over to the Operator for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Julien
Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH, ANALYST, UBS: So quick first
question, not sure if you can say too much. I think, if I saw right in the
prepared remarks, you said you've short listed proposals, and will be
finalizing a resource selection in the coming months.

DON BRANDT: That's correct.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Can you confirm whether you guys have
been short list and/or discuss any proposals that you all are pursuing as part
of this RFP had process, be it for thermal and/or any other kind of resource?

DON BRANDT: No at this point, until we make a final
selection, it's a confidential process.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it, but coming months, any kind
of better sense of by year-end or Q1 2017?

DON BRANDT: Yes, it will be by year-end.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Okay great. Can you elaborate
a little bit, and I know you started to in the commentary, but on the changes
in the capital expenditures through the forecast period, I notice they've
ticked up a little bit. What drove that, if you will?

DON BRANDT: Yes, so I think we look at 2016, 2017, 2018 up
around $30 million a year. Most of it is distribution spend.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. So nothing too remarkable?

DON BRANDT: No, I think we've seen the need to -- the cost
to hook up commercial a little higher, and it's just fine-tuning our estimates
as we get here into the end of the year.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Just a follow-up on the last resource
question. Any implications and/or initial thought process around the proposed
hike of the RPS?

DON BRANDT: Nothing. We'll see what happens. It's a new
proposal. Comments are due by the end of November, and we'll see ultimately
where that goes. On that subject though, obviously an increase would give us
more upside to CapEx, which is not really baked into anything at this point.

JULIEN DUMOULIN-SMITH: Got it. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Weinstein with Credit Suisse.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Quick question
about the economic conditions, that look like they are steadily improving with
each reporting period. I'm just wondering at what point do you think that
translates into higher customer growth, higher load growth, and ultimately
higher rate base, and everything else?

DON BRANDT: So as we continue to see a further
solidification of the market, incremental new business, we expect that through
the 2016 through 2018 you'll see a continual upward slope and customer growth
resulting in retail sales. And what that means in terms of CapEx remains to be
seen.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: And can you comment at all on the
headlines of late regarding the election, and everything else that might be
happening out there?

DON BRANDT: Michael, there's, as you point out, there's a
lot of headlines, both local and national industry media. It is what it is. The
election is not over with. You can get pretty good reliable information at the
Federal Election Commission website, the Arizona Secretary of State's website,
and at PinnacleWest.com, our political participation policy.

MICHAEL WEINSTEIN: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha
with SunTrust.

ALI AGHA, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: For the last
two consecutive quarters, we've been seeing flat weather-normalized sales
growth, customer growth has been pretty consistent. Anything to read into that?
Are we seeing more changes in usage patterns, or too early, or can you just
comment on this trend here?

DON BRANDT: Yes, we aren't really seeing different in usage
patterns per customer. Obviously, every residential customer that's added from
a new unit will use than energy than an equivalent one of ten years ago. That's
just the era of efficiency we're in, but we're up 0.3% for the year, and in
line with guidance.

ALI AGHA: And then if I look at the timeline on the rate
case process, as you laid out, it looks like if there is to be a settlement,
that January through March period would most likely be the time period before
hitting but after all of the staff intervener testimony comes in?

DON BRANDT: Yes, so rate design January 27, hearing March
22. That would be a window where a settlement could occur.

ALI AGHA: Got it. And then this target that you have been
working on that, at a minimum, you target to earn this 9.5% ROE, should we
assume that continues through this next two or three year cycle of CapEx that
you have laid out for us? Is that still a good benchmark to think about going
forward?

DON BRANDT: Well, we filed for a rate case with a 10.5% ROE,
so assuming we get a decent outcome in the rate case that supports the
longer-term growth at Ocotillo and Four Corners, FCRs, deferrals, and so on,
yes, that would be a good benchmark to think about.

ALI AGHA: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Shahriar
Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA, ANALYST, GUGGENHEIM PARTNERS: Let me just
ask Mike's question slightly differently. Its been quarter after quarter,
you've seen an improvement in the economic indicators, and the jobs and the
housing. So the question is really when do you think that will transpire into
your guidance, into your customer growth assumptions? Because right now, you're
still at 50 basis points to 150 basis points of growth, but what's the lag
between what you're seeing from an economic standpoint, to what you're seeing
in your guidance?

DON BRANDT: Well our guidance 2016 through 2018 from a sales
growth perspective is a 0.5% sales on the low end to 1.5% on the top end. And I
think as history has shown us the last couple of years, slightly better
improvement in customer growth and sales as we move through the time frame. As
I referenced earlier, with the low vacancy rates in apartments and the low
mortgage rates, you're seeing household formation that 25 to 34 begin to
increase across the country, and that holds true for the metro Phoenix area as
well. So it's going to be better in 2018 than it is this year, 2017 should be
better than 2016. Exactly what that means, you'll have to look to our guidance.

SHAHRIAR POURREZA: Okay, great, thanks.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Charles
Fishman with Morningstar.

CHARLES FISHMAN, ANALYST, MORNINGSTAR: Don, I just wanted
you to clarify something that I'm confused about. You said the staff has
recommended a new customer category, or that rooftop solar customers should be
in a partial requirements class? Is that correct?

DON BRANDT: Yes. I'll turn to Jeff to expand on that.

JEFF GULDNER, APS SVP OF PUBLIC POLICY, PINNACLE WEST
CAPITAL CORPORATION: Charles, so one of the findings that's right now the
recommended opinion and order is -- recognizes that customers, residential
customers of rooftop solar are partial requirement customers. So that's similar
to what we see on the commercial side, where you've got a customer that brings
their own generation. And we treat those folks differently on the commercial
side than a customer that's a full requirements customer. And so that's a
helpful finding in that recommended opinion order, because it reflects the
nature of that customer's use.

CHARLES FISHMAN: So Jeff, that would lead you then,
essentially what the staff is saying is consistent with your proposal of having
this demand piece for the rooftop solar people; correct?

JEFF GULDNER: That's the argument we've made, is that these
folks still use the demand side of the grid. And so if you look at a commercial
customer, that's basically how we set the rates, is to recover the demand, the
cost of service that reflects the fact that they bring their own generation.
And so again, this is going to be subject to discussion at the open meeting in
December, and we're obviously getting ready for that conversation, but it's a helpful
finding that just reflects the facts of the system.

CHARLES FISHMAN: Okay, thanks a lot, Jeff. Appreciate it.
That's it.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Paul
Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.

PAUL RIDZON, ANALYST, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS: Just as a
follow-up, has it been determined that they are going to be treated with demand
charts or is that still open to discussion?

DON BRANDT: That's still open to discussion.

PAUL RIDZON: And back to usage, sometimes we've seen extreme
weather things mess with people's weather normed models, could that be going on
here?

DON BRANDT: I mean, it's possible, but really, what we have
is stronger commercial growth than we're seeing on the residential side, which
is supporting the sales growth, as we sit here today. I always say weather is
an art, not a science, but it wasn't so extreme, like you would see in a
shoulder month, that you tend to skew your degree days.

PAUL RIDZON: Okay, thanks for the color.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Greg
Gordon with Evercore.

GREG GORDON, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: Sorry, I joined the call
late. Have you commented on the integrated resource plan, and can you comment
on it? Any further detail?

And as a part of the shortfall, would one of the potential
solutions be to acquire some of the power blocks out there? There's a lot of
gas combined cycle sitting there underutilized, and I know you probably don't
need base load generation. But at the values you might be able to pay to get those
power blocks, even if they were used for intermediate or peaking, could that be
a potentially good value proposition to solve that shortfall?

DON BRANDT: Greg, I did cover in my remarks, and we've had a
couple of questions on it. But we've short listed a number of resources. We
expect to resolve it by the end of the year and announce our plan going
forward, and beyond that, we're not going to, we would prefer not to get into
any detail of where we're at now in the process. It's confidential.

GREG GORDON: Okay thanks, I'll see you in a few days.

OPERATOR: We have no further questions at this time. I would
now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.

TED GEISLER: Thank you, Christine. Thank you all for joining
us today. This concludes our call.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your
participation, and have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents,
content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any
person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 110316a6119803.703










 EXECUTIVES (94%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); DIVIDENDS (75%); SHAREHOLDERS (70%); APPROVALS
(60%)










  PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL CORP (93%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (58%)










 PNW (NYSE) (93%); CSGN (SWX) (58%); CS (NYSE) (58%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (89%); BANKING & FINANCE (78%); INTERNET & WWW (72%)










 DONALD BRANDT (93%)










 April 19, 2017




