FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
30, 2020 Thursday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 10936 words

Corporate Participants

* Alison Taylor

. - SVP of Global Sales &
Distribution

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Elise R. Eberwein

. - EVP of People & Global
Engagement

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Vasu Raja

American Airlines Group Inc. - SVP of Network Strategy

* William Douglas Parker

American Airlines Group Inc. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Myles Alexander Walton

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD & Senior
Analyst

* Alison Sider;The Wall Street Journal

* Edward Russell;The Points Guy

* Kyle Arnold;The Dallas Morning News

* Leslie Josephs;CNBC

* Mary Schlangenstein;Bloomberg News

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group First Quarter 2020 

 

. Today's
conference call is being recorded. (Operator Instructions)

I would now like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go
ahead, sir.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Cindy. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group First Quarter 2020 

 

.
With us in the room this morning, we have Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO;
Robert Isom, our President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer. Also
on the call for our Q&A session are several of our senior execs, including
Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate
Affairs; Don Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue Management; and Vasu
Raja, our Senior VP of Network Planning.

The focus of today's call will be our response to COVID-19.
Like we normally do, Doug will start the call with an overview of our quarter
and the actions we're taking. Robert will then follow with commentary about our
team members, customers and network. Derek will then walk us through the details
on our fleet, cost outlook and liquidity. And then after we hear from those
comments, we'll hear -- or we will open the call for analyst questions and
lastly, questions from the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues, costs, forecast of capacity, fleet plans and liquidity. These
statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events, but
numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from
those projected. Information about some of these risks and uncertainties can be
found in our earnings release that was issued this morning, along with our Form
10-Q as of March 31, 2020.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, which exclude the impact of unusual items. A
reconciliation to those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is included in
the earnings release, and that can be found on our website. A webcast of this
will also be archived on our website and the information that we're giving you
on the call is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update the
information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us. At this point, I'll turn the
call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for
joining us. Before I go to the numbers, I want to offer a few thoughts on the
challenging times that we and our entire industry are facing.

The spirit and efforts of the American Airlines team during
this crisis have been nothing short of extraordinary. The human and economic
toll of COVID-19 has been enormous. And like others, we've lost members of our
own team, and our hearts are heavy for their families, friends and coworkers.

But in the face of this great loss, the American team
continues to rise to the challenge and meet the needs of our customers and the
communities we serve. They're putting on their uniforms every day and
transporting first responders to where they're most needed and other Americans
to where they feel most safe. Our team members are frontline heroes in this
battle, and they are what makes American great. So on behalf of the entire
leadership team, I want to thank our team from what they continue to do every
day.

Turning to this quarter's results. By far, the most
important recent event for our industry's long-term viability has been the
passage of the CARES Act, which provides up to $50 billion of much needed
liquidity to U.S. airlines. This unprecedented assistance recognizes the value
that commercial airlines provide to our country. It is designed to keep our
hardworking team members employed and ready to serve the flying public whenever
we start moving again. So I want to again thank the administration and Congress
for their exceptional support of airlines and our employees.

And I think it's important to note that this would not have
been possible without a tremendous amount of work and advocacy on behalf of
airlines and our team members. So I'd like to also thank Nick Calio and his
team at A4A as well as my fellow A4A CEOs: Ed Bastian, Robin Hayes, Peter
Ingram, Gary Kelly, Oscar Munoz and Brad Tilden. We work in an intensely
competitive business, but in response to this crisis, we pulled together to
save our industry and save jobs, and I'm proud to have been a part of it.

We also had great support from our team members and the
unions they represent. So I'd like to also publicly thank all of our American
Airlines union leaders as well as those who represent other airline employees.
We absolutely could not have gotten this done without their leadership and a
joint desire from all of us to fight for our team.

So as important as the CARES Act is, it certainly doesn't
solve everything. CARES provides the industry the breathing room we need to
manage through the worst parts of the crisis and to pay our team members that
we otherwise would have needed to furlough. But it does not fix the core
problem that all of us have, which is revenue generation. Industry revenues
have fallen an estimated 95% year-over-year in April. And while no one has a
perfect crystal ball, I think we all expect that recovery will be slow and demand
for air travel will be suppressed for quite some time.

So in this environment, there are 3 critical issues that any
airline must manage: First, ensuring the safety and comfort of the team members
and customers; second, maintaining ample liquidity to ride through a sustained
crisis; and third, planning for an uncertain future. We at American are taking
aggressive steps in each regard. I'll provide a quick overview, and then Robert
and Derek will provide more detail on each.

First, as it relates to safety, we dramatically increased
the frequency and intensity of our aircraft cleaning. We're limiting seat sales
on every flight, including not allowing half of the main cabin middle seats to
be assigned. We've reduced food and beverage service on planes to limit contact
with others. As of May 1, we will begin the gradual ramp-up of providing
customers with PPE kits, which include masks and sanitizing wipes as well as
requiring our flight attendants to wear mask in-flight.

Turning to liquidity. These efforts for all airlines come in
2 sets of initiatives: raising cash and conserving cash. On the first,
American's absolute liquidity position is very strong. We ended the first
quarter with $6.8 billion in liquidity, and American's share of the CARES Act
proceeds is $10.6 billion, which results in $17.4 billion when you combine our
quarter-end liquidity and CARES Act access. And importantly, outside of our
recently arranged $1 billion 364-day delayed draw term loan, we do not have any
meaningful non-aircraft debt amortization payments for more than 2 years.

So we feel confident with that level of liquidity, but in
this uncertain environment, we'll continue looking for additional sources. We
have more than $10 billion of unencumbered assets at our disposal. And that
excludes the value of our AAdvantage program. Our plan is to first work with
the Treasury Department to secure our CARES Act loan of $4.75 billion at
attractive rates and then explore other initiatives as needed from there.

As to conserving cash, Derek will describe our initiatives
in more detail. We've enacted a comprehensive cash conservation plan to
eliminate all unnecessary operating and capital expenditures. We expect this
will reduce our daily cash burn rate from an expected average of $70 million
per day in the second quarter to approximately $50 million a day for the month
of June. As a result of all that, we expect to end this quarter with
approximately $11 billion of liquidity and a significant amount of unencumbered
assets still in place. And that forecast assumes little to no increase in
demand for air travel throughout the quarter.

Third, and perhaps the most difficult thing for airlines to
do at this time, is to properly plan for the future. We're using this
opportunity to make our airline stronger in a number of ways, and we expect to
emerge a more efficient and more streamlined airline. And to do that most
efficiently, we need to begin making decisions soon about how large an airline
we want to run in the summer of 2021 and beyond. As you all know, things like
aircraft availability, pilot training and maintenance programs do not have
short planning horizons. That's always been an issue in our business. But
today, those capacity plans are severely complicated by the extreme uncertainty
regarding the anticipated level of demand for air travel, not just for the next
few months, but for the next few years.

So we at American decided to err on the side of being
smaller than we might like rather than larger. As Derek will describe, and as
our first quarter financials indicate, we made the decision to retire our
entire 757, 767 and A330-300 and Embraer 190 fleet as well as certain regional
aircraft. These decisions alone will reduce our 2021 fleet count by
approximately 100 aircraft versus our prior plans, and we'll continue to assess
further reductions as we move forward.

So in conclusion for me, these are unprecedented times for
our world, our country and our industry. The uncertainty about the future
weighs on everyone and for a good reason. There's no way to overstate the
gravity of the situation for the airline industry and difficult decisions lie
ahead for all of us. But in the end, the leadership that got us through the
CARES Act process will be the leadership that gets us through the coming months
and years, leaders who understand the importance and the nobility of what our
people do and, therefore, work selflessly in support of them and side-by-side
with them.

I'm confident our industry will fight through this
successfully, and I'm particularly confident that American Airlines will be
among those leading the way. I am humbled and honored to be a part of the
American Airlines team, and I'm incredibly proud to stand alongside them today
and into the future.

With that, I will turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. As Doug said, the downturn in demand
for air travel has been dramatic and unlike anything we've ever experienced.
Across the industry, cancellations have rapidly outpaced new bookings. While we
have faced dire circumstances in the past, the American team has always
persevered, and I'm confident we'll do so again.

The safety of our team members and customers is paramount.
We are taking a proactive approach to ensure that our team is safe by reducing
contact points, providing personal protective equipment like face masks and
gloves and provisioning sanitizer and wipes. These steps are critical to ensure
our team feels safe and can instill that confidence in our customers as well.
Like Doug, I'm humbled by our team's spirit and proud to stand by them in these
challenging times.

American continues to provide critical air service to those
who need to travel during the pandemic. From the outset, we have met or
exceeded CDC guidelines, and we'll continue to coordinate with public health
officials on all health and safety requirements. To enhance our already
thorough cleaning process, we've implemented additional safety measures to
ensure aircraft cleanliness and to accommodate social distancing. Specifically,
we are enhancing our cleaning procedures through expanded fogging on board and
the use of EPA-approved disinfectant in high-touch areas. On board, this
includes everything from bins and galleys to tray tables, arm rests and
seatbelt buckles. In airports, it includes the gate areas, ticket counters as
well as other areas frequented by our customers and team members.

We've also purchased face masks for frontline team members
and made them required for flight attendants starting May 1. And we have
started distributing sanitizing wipes or gels and face masks to customers. This
will expand on all flights as supplies and operational conditions allow. And to
that end, American Airlines strongly encourages customers to wear face masks
when they travel.

Additionally, we have temporarily relaxed our seating
policies and adjusted our airport procedures. Through May 31, American will
limit the number of passengers on each aircraft. We will not assign 50% of the
main cabin middle seats on every flight, and we'll use those seats only when
necessary. Our team will also reassign seats to create more space between
customers or to accommodate families who need to be seated together. We're also
using stanchions to encourage social distancing at gates, ticket counters, and
we've reduced onboard food and beverage service to limit contact.

To give customers as much piece of mind as possible when it
comes to planning travel, we've extended waivers to anyone who has travel
occurring through the end of September, allowing them to change plans and
travel through December 2021 without incurring any change fees. Additionally,
we have waived change fees for customers who purchased new tickets by May 31,
2020, for future travel. And for our corporate customers, we've introduced more
flexible travel waivers and free name changes.

We recognize the interruption of travel for most people, so
we're making it easier for our customers to earn AAdvantage Elite status this
year. And we've extended 2020 AAdvantage status into early 2022 for all
members. Additionally, we have extended all paid Admirals Club memberships by 6
months. We remain committed to making sure that our customers are able to fly
when they want to fly, they feel safe and comfortable even in these extraordinary
times.

We've adjusted our network to meet drastically lower levels
of demand, taking swift action to rightsize our schedule with systemized
capacity cuts and flight consolidations across our network. We've also delayed
entering several new markets planned for launch later this year. New service
between Austin and DFW, Christchurch and Los Angeles, Bangalore and Seattle
will all be pushed into 2021. In addition, we have delayed the start of other
new routes, including London Heathrow to Boston, Tel Aviv to Dallas/Fort Worth,
Casablanca to Philadelphia and Krakow to Chicago.

While we have reduced our schedule dramatically, we have
started operating cargo-only flights in March to transport critical goods
between the U.S., Europe, Asia and Latin America. These are the first
cargo-only flights American has operated since at least 1984. We are currently
able to transport more than 6.5 million pounds of critical goods weekly on our
cargo-only flights, and we'll look to further opportunities to expand this
service and bring medical supplies and protective gear to the areas that are
most in need.

While we continue to provide essential air service to those
who need it most right now, our team has also extended their service outside
the operation. Team members have donated more than 100 tons of food in several
of our hub cities, distributed thousands of supply kits to patients and health
care workers, and sent care packages to U.S. military members in quarantine. In
addition, through our partnership with the American Red Cross, our team and
customers have helped raise nearly $3 million to support our frontline health
care workers fighting COVID-19.

So in closing, we're squarely focused on getting through
this period of uncertainty and we're closely managing our capacity and costs
while taking care of our team members and customers. We're going to have more
to share in the coming months as we ramp up our operation post-COVID-19.

And with that, I'll pass it on to Derek.

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I, too, would like to
thank our entire team for doing an amazing job during these uncertain times.
Their dedication and determination to get through this crisis is inspiring for
all of us.

As you saw in our press release and Form 10-Q this morning,
we reported a GAAP net loss of $2.2 billion or $5.26 per share. Excluding net
special items, we reported a net loss of $1.1 billion or $2.65 per share. We
began the quarter on-track to exceed our guidance, however, the COVID-19
pandemic and unprecedented drop in demand during March radically changed our
outlook. Given the unpredictable nature of this event, we suspended our
guidance for all of 2020.

In light of the current environment, our sole focus is to
ensure we have sufficient liquidity. To withstand this crisis, we have driven
efficiencies in our operation by accelerating our fleet simplification plan,
and aligning our cost structure to our significantly lower capacity levels. We
will continue to match capacity with demand and optimize our cost to our level
of flying and identify additional ways to improve our cash burn rate moving
forward.

As Doug mentioned, the significant falloff in demand has
given us an opportunity to accelerate our long-term fleet strategy. We have
officially retired the Embraer 190 and Boeing 767 fleets, which were originally
scheduled to exit by the end of 2020. We have also accelerated the retirement
of our Boeing 757s and Airbus A330-300s. Both fleets were expected to retire
over the next few years. In addition, we have removed a number of smaller
regional aircraft from our fleet.

By removing these fleet types, we avoid significant future
maintenance expense, remove complexity from our operation and bring forward the
efficiencies associated with operating fewer aircraft types. These savings
include reduced aircraft sparing, reduced parts inventories and crew scheduling
efficiencies, all of which will have a significant effect on our cost structure
going forward. Even with these changes, we retain the flexibility to pursue
efficient growth through increased utilization or further reduce our fleet to
match demand across our system and hubs.

We have reduced our estimated 2020 operating and capital
expenditures by more than $12 billion. In addition to lower fuel, these savings
have been achieved through a wide range of initiatives, including reductions in
flying and heavy maintenance expenses. Beyond just volume-related reductions,
we have taken a hard line on discretionary expenditures. Specifically, we have
deferred marketing events and training expenses, consolidated our footprint at
airport facilities, and reduced the use of contractors. We have also suspended
all nonessential hiring, paused noncontract pay increases, reduced executive
and Board compensation, and implemented voluntary leave and early retirement
programs to lower our near-term and long-term labor costs. While we have done a
lot to address our near-term costs, we will continue to take the necessary
steps to rightsize our cost structure for the lower levels of capacity we
expect in the near future.

Finally, on liquidity, we've moved quickly to preserve and
bolster our cash position. We ended the quarter with $6.8 billion in liquidity.
During the first quarter, we raised $2 billion through the issuance of a $500
million unsecured note, a $1 billion 364-day delayed draw term loan facility
and approximately $477 million in aircraft financings. We were also able to
reduce the pricing of our $1.2 billion term loan and extend it out until 2027.

During the quarter, we also finalized the initial terms of
the financial assistance we will receive as part of the CARES Act. This will
come in 2 forms: direct financial assistance of $4.1 billion, and a low
interest rate loan of $1.7 billion. Separately, we have applied for a loan from
the Treasury Department of approximately $4.75 billion. These funds as well as
relief on various taxes, including fuel tax savings, payroll tax deferment and
ticket-related taxes, will provide much-needed support for us to navigate this
extraordinary environment.

As Doug referenced, we ended the quarter at $6.8 billion
liquidity and American's shares of the CARES Act proceeds is $10.6 billion,
which results in $17.4 billion when you combine our quarterly ending liquidity
and CARES Act access. Importantly, outside of our recently arranged $1 billion
364-day delayed draw term loan, we do not have any large non-aircraft debt
maturities for more than 24 months.

We also have additional sources of liquidity. We recently
engaged third-party appraisers to evaluate some of the company's unencumbered
assets. Based on these appraisals, we believe the value of our unencumbered
assets is in excess of $10 billion, excluding the loyalty program. And we
expect to pledge a portion of our assets for the secured loan we have applied
for under the CARES Act.

With respect to capital expenditures, we currently have
committed financing for nearly all of our 2020 deliveries. Beyond this, we have
removed $500 million from our projected non-aircraft capital spend planned in
2020 and another $200 million in 2021. We'll continue to aggressively pursue
other opportunities to conserve cash and working capital. As for cash burn, our
average estimated second quarter burn rate is expected to be approximately $70
million per day. However, as our cost initiatives gain traction, our daily cash
burn is expected to decline over time. We expect that burn rate to improve to
approximately $50 million per day for the month of June. Based on our current
forecast, we expect to have approximately $11 billion of liquidity at the end
of the second quarter, which assumes no incremental financing beyond the
government loan and little to no increase in demand for air travel. In
accordance with the CARES Act, we have suspended our capital return program,
including share repurchases and the payment of future dividends.

In summary, we are facing a challenge like -- that is like
-- unlike anything we have ever seen. In a short period of time, our team did a
phenomenal job taking costs out of the business and increasing liquidity. I
couldn't be more proud of what they have all accomplished. But we are by no
means done, and we are prepared for a long road to recovery. While the
situation remains fluid, we will do everything possible to protect our business
and ensure American emerges from this crisis more efficient and competitive
than before.

And with that, I'll turn it back to the operator.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thanks, Doug -- thanks, Derek.
Operator, we are ready for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from David Vernon from Bernstein.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Sorry about that guys. Work from home fun.
So Derek, just to clarify, the $11 billion of liquidity at the end of the
second quarter, that assumes the inflow from the CARE -- both portions of the
CARES Act, the grant and the loan, is that right?

DEREK J. KERR: Correct. There is a portion of -- there's 10%
of the grant that does come in the second quarter. So there's about $600
million of the grant that shows up in July. So -- but for the most part, yes,
it includes about $10 billion of the government grant and loan and then $600
million of it comes in July.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Okay. And then as we think about the
moving parts to get down to that $50 million burn rate, how much of the actions
that would get you to $50 million would be either temporary through voluntary
sort of time-off arrangements? I'm just trying to get a sense for how much of
an additional sort of cut to the cash burn rate you guys are going to need to
make in that September time frame as the CARE loans come off. Because $50
million a day, $10 billion left, you got to -- gets you through the first part
of next year, but it seems like there's still some work to be done on the cost
side there. Can you give us a sense for how much more you can get out of that
$50 million a day?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I think what -- I'll tell you how we get
there. I mean we -- the difference between where we are now and where we get to
is there's been a significant amount of refund. So those -- that has caused the
number to be higher now than it has. As disbursements take hold, those take a little
bit of time. So those are now starting to take hold and will stay in place as
we go forward. The voluntary leaves and early outs, the early outs will be
there forever. The voluntary leaves, we have some 3 months, some 6 months, some
9 months. And we believe if we need to do that in the future, we can do that
again. The CapEx reductions are permanent, and those are out throughout the
whole time. And some of this is reductions in departures.

So the $50 billion (sic) [$50 million] assumes really very
minimal receipts. So the difference -- I think from a cost structure
perspective, all of this is in place and can stay in place. The difference of
that burn rate, as Doug talked about earlier, the issue with the industry right
now is revenues. And to get that burn rate from a cost perspective, we have
some more levers to go to bring it down, but the major difference in the burn
rate is going to be receipts coming back and having some revenue coming in the
door versus refunds outpacing revenue and having no receipts come in the door.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And David, it's Doug. I would just
add what Derek said in his comments to your questions, which is that $11
billion at quarter end does assume the government loan, but it also assumes
we've done no other financing. So we would expect to end the quarter with --
still with a significant amount of unencumbered assets still in place. So there
will be more to do beyond that if we need to.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg from
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a couple of questions here.
So when I look at your CapEx, I guess, it was $3.3 billion coming in. And
Derek, I think you indicated that $500 million of non-aircraft there will be
taken out. So I think it was $1.6 billion. We're looking at about $1.1 billion
of non-aircraft CapEx. If you could just talk about what that $1.1 billion is.

And then the $1.7 billion of aircraft CapEx, you indicated
that you've already -- it's already funded. Presumably, those aircraft
deliveries are actually cash accretive, can you talk about maybe how that's
structured?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I'll take the second one first. The
answer is yes, they are cash accretive. They're 100% financed, if not more. So
all of those, we do plan on taking all of those deliveries, and they are
positive to the 2020 forecast. Most of the deliveries are in the back half
because there are MAXs that have been pushed out, but those are all cash accretive
as we go forward.

As far as the CapEx, we're down to about $1.1 billion. We've
cut out everything that we can. The biggest project that's in the CapEx is our
-- consolidating the fleets and making sure that the configuration on both of
the fleets is the same. That project is going to continue, and we are going to
-- with the aircraft on the ground, we'll have the ability to speed that up a
little bit. So we don't plan on pulling back on that project because I think
it's very important for our operation, it's very important for the team to get
that one done. And that takes up at least 40% of that CapEx.

The rest of it is just mandatory stuff we have to do with
parts. There are some other IT projects that we'd still like to move forward
with, and those are involved in that. But that's kind of the gist with where we
are at. Anything that doesn't have to be done, any type of facility things that
don't have to be done, have all been taken out of the capital plan for the next
2 years.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Great. And then just my second
question, just on the fleet, you're 950 airplanes main line. I think you
identified close to 100. That said, you have a relatively new fleet. And so
when we look at the next 850, fleet reductions become a bit more difficult
since you have a lot of new airplanes. And so I'm curious, what would you
target next? And just sort of a nuance there, the A330s, you're pulling out the
300s, but you have 15 200s. Are those planes next? Are they -- is it more about
just the way that they're financed and the lease agreements?

DEREK J. KERR: No. I think there's 2 fleet types that we've
looked at that it's just a question of the timing of the return, and do they
come back depending on where we are. So the flexibility, as you talked about, the
33-2s (sic) [A330-200s], there's 15 of those. We have 737s. There's 42 older
aircraft that we've looked at. So those are a couple of the areas that we would
go. We have lease expirations, 26 in 2021 and 21 in 2022. So those are out
there. So I think -- and we do have some older A320s that you could look at.
But I think there's the levers to go down farther and the 33-2 is more fleet
simplification for sure if you went down that path. But as you said, they're
financed out a ways. But we're looking at -- those are the fleet types that
we're looking at as we go forward. And then maybe you have some lease
expirations that you let go next year.

ROBERT D. ISOM: And Derek, 50 ceasures, a corresponding
amount of 50 ceasures as well.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. Yes.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Your negotiations
are going well or you wouldn't have put the government loan in your liquidity
build. But is there a plan B in case the Treasury turns you down? And as a
follow-up, have we also confirmed with Treasury, and I may have just overlooked
this, that 100% of the proceeds could be drawn all at once?

DEREK J. KERR: We're having a -- we've been working with
Treasury. I mean the government grant process went really well. We really
appreciate everything they've done for this program. We've put in for the loans
1 week ago, 1.5 weeks ago. So we've started to have some conversations. But our
working with the Treasury team and the PJT team has been great. We've had
constructive conversations as we move forward. And with the collateral we have,
we believe that there's -- we can get a deal done and that everything is --
they're going to be reasonable about it. So we're moving down that path. We
believe we're going to get it done.

And so that's our #1 goal as we move forward, to get that
complete first. And then with the extra collateral we will have left in the end
is to go down and look at other opportunities as we move forward. But I'm
confident that working with the Treasury Department and the team that we can
get the government loan put in place.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. And Jamie, it's Doug, if you
don't mind. So just to -- it gives me a nice opportunity to thank some people
in Treasury as well. Look, you and I were amongst those that were around in
2001, and I was running an airline that needed help to get through that from
the Treasury Department, and it was extraordinarily difficult. This is -- this
feels dramatically different than that time. This Treasury Department is
working night and day to do everything they can to get much needed liquidity
into the U.S. economy, to make sure that the economy is able to get running
again. And that includes how they are -- certainly includes how they are
treating this airline support. So it was clear with the payroll support
program, I think, how they handled that. They are doing what they have to do,
of course, which is make sure that the U.S. taxpayer is paid back. So it came
-- when it came to the payroll support program, that they could absolutely
guarantee were getting paid back with things like unemployment savings and
higher income taxes. Some 70% of the grant was indeed a grant. That that
wasn't, went into a loan, but a very low interest loan, over 10 years.

As it relates to the loan program itself, they have -- at
the time, we talked about the payroll support plan, we talked -- they were
going to talk to all of us about the loan program itself and recognized, again,
that they want to be sure that the taxpayers are repaid. But I think they know
the best way to do that is ensure that airlines have liquidity to get through a
liquidity crisis. So what they have -- again, we'd still have to get through
the work here in the next few weeks. But you're right. We wouldn't have talked
about how we're looking to that as our next source of most efficient capital if
we didn't feel confident that it would be the next source of efficient capital.

But their view is 5-year loans, different rates for carriers
based upon credit rating, as we were told. For us, it's LIBOR plus 350. In
today's LIBOR, that's a little over 4%, 5-year money. That is the most
efficient financing out there for American Airlines. And they're looking for --
it needs to be secured, but I think they're willing to be more than reasonable
about collateral and also looking to just -- for appraisals that we have that
we feel very confident that we will be able to raise that loan and still have
significant unencumbered collateral after it.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Got it. Doug, that perspective is
actually really, really valuable because you're right, the united precedent
with the ATSB was clearly on my mind. So I appreciate all of that commentary.

A quick follow-up to your earlier comment, Doug, about
resizing the franchise, and this might have been sort of where Mike was going
as well. My phone was cutting in and out. But not looking for a 2021 capacity
guide, unless you want to give us one, but my question is how much could you
shrink relative to the 2019 baseline if you only put down owned aircraft and
allow leases to expire? I guess, put differently, how much could you shrink
before there begins to be a cost in terms of parking aircraft? Not thinking
about facilities, not thinking about the toll on labor, just a specific
aircraft question.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Additional airplanes above the 100
that we've already announced?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Well, you still have owned and fully
depreciated aircraft. You have rights expirations coming up that I don't have
particularly good clarity. And if you allow those to expire and put down owned
aircraft, there's no real expense to that. My question is how much, on a
percentage basis, could you shrink ASMs before contemplating putting down an
airplane for which there is still an ownership cost or a lease expense? Is that
10% relative to 2019? Is it 20%? And if you don't have the figures, that's
fine. I mean we've done some back of the envelope. I was just curious to hear
your take.

VASU RAJA, SVP OF NETWORK STRATEGY, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Jamie, this is Vasu. The figure is a little bit different on an airplane
basis versus an ASM base, because our gauge will change. So on an ASM basis, we
estimate that number between 15% to 20%, depending on how you draw that time
period. And my number includes all jets, regionals, narrowbodies, widebodies.
But on an ASM base, that number is probably more in the 10% to 15% because, of
course, the things we would look to do were take out smaller jets, like 50
seaters, and keep more economical things like bigger 737s, 321s, things like
that, right?

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Joseph DeNardi from
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just talk
about the nature of the unencumbered assets that you have? Kind of
realistically, what sort of capital you could raise against that? And then what
is the value of the loyalty program, since that's kind of a pretty big moat
between -- that's still out there for you?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I think going to #2, I mean, you're the
one that has done the best work on the loyalty programs by far. And your number
is pretty good from where we have on an appraisal of the program. So I think
the value of that program is high. And I think you have pointed that out
rightly so. And you have -- are in the range of the appraisals that we've
gotten back for that. So that has a very high value to us.

Of the $10 billion, about $2 billion is aircraft, spare
parts, engines, those kind of things. About $5 billion is slots. So it gets us
to $7 billion. We've got AR about $1.8 billion and real estate about $1.2
billion. So there are different things we can do with different products. So of
that $10 billion, 40% maybe loan-to-value on certain things, 40% to 50%, just
in the fact that I think some can do more than others and gain more cash from
an LTV basis than other collateral, but maybe the, I'd say, $4 billion to $5
billion. We also have in our slots, gates and routes, $364 million deal that we
have to refinance at some point in time. There is $4.4 billion of collateral in
there, which will be used at some point in time to refinance and probably do a
bigger transaction as you combine that with other collateral that we have.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. Yes, that's helpful. And then
maybe for Vasu, what is getting as much smaller as you think you might be on
the other side of this mean for the hub structure of the network?

VASU RAJA: Yes. Thanks for the question, which I'm going to
interpret to mean, does this mean that we shrink hubs or eliminate one? So let
me be very direct about this. We have no plans to close any hubs. In fact, far
from it. As we see this -- look, the core of our customer proposition is
providing connectivity. And indeed, that is something that we do not just
versus all other airlines, but even all other network airlines. We are uniquely
good providing connections from customers in small cities across the Americas,
North and South America, that connect them to the global marketplace. So as
dark and daunting as this crisis is, this is the moment for real clarity. And
so this is not about dismantling our customer proposition, but sharpening it
and refocusing it.

And so with that in mind, the way we are thinking about
trying to get a lot of the same value that historically people try to wring
through hub closure is, first and foremost, as Derek and Doug mentioned,
through fleet simplification, right? Which just -- if we just take out fleet,
of course, you take out direct expense. So when we simplify away fleets, then
you take out more intractable expenses like indirect costs of parts and
tooling, fixed overheads, things like that. But importantly, that makes the
airline a lot more lean and a lot more nimble, a lot more capable of being able
to move fleets around markets, respond to a recovery when and if it comes. I
mean do many of the things that have been difficult for us to do, frankly, over
the last 4 or 5 years.

And then, two, the other thing that we look to do with that
kind of agility is really put the capacity even more aggressively to where the
demand is. And without going too far into it, I think I can very confidently
say, you won't see us de-peaking DFW through this whole process. In fact, far
from it.

And then the third thing, which is really different from
past crises for us, is really the power of our partnerships here. Because now
we have things such as our growing partnership with Alaska on the West Coast,
that and a lot of markets that are challenged. Our growth is inhibited because
of constraints on slots or gates or routes. What we're now able to do is offer
the customer a much larger network that can compete with bigger rivals and
oftentimes, unwinnable market. So that means that we should be able to see that
in higher-quality revenues for American Airlines, at lower -- at a lower amount
of investment.

So we do not plan for mass-scale type of closures. In fact,
our hubs are a massive asset to us as we think about a really very focused
customer proposition coming out of this.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth
from Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, regarding your commentary
about a multiyear recovery and what this looks like in the long term, just
curious if you could share what the financial targets are that will shape your
plan. So as we think about the crisis here and now burning over $6 billion in
cash just this quarter, your exit rate implies about a $4.5 billion burn rate
into 3Q, net debt on its way to perhaps $40 billion this year. What are the
financial targets that will shape your 2021 plans? Burn less cash?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Thanks, Duane. At this point,
we're working again, as I think all of us are, getting through the current
liquidity crisis rather than building 2021 plans. But for certain, as we come
out of this -- prior to this, American had gotten to the point where we were
happily through a large CapEx program, and we're moving aggressively toward
using our free cash flow to delever the balance sheet. That will certainly be
the case as we come out of this now. As we do move to generating free cash flow
in the future, the proceeds of that free cash flow will be going to pay down
debt and to pay down as aggressively as we can. So that's what you can expect
to see when we get to that point. But nothing more concrete than that in terms
of estimates or metrics for 2021 at this point.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then just on the $11 billion
liquidity target, what are you assuming for the working capital headwind
related to the air traffic liability? We had a lot of questions around this for
a number of airlines, not just American. But can you walk us through the
mechanics of why the ATO did not decline in the March quarter and the outlook
for that into the June quarter, considering things like cancellations, et
cetera?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I mean the ATO didn't decline in the
quarter because it was positive by about -- our ATO for the quarter was
positive 665. We had positive 785 in January, positive 487 in February and
negative 618 in March. That is the time when ATO does build for us. I mean it
-- this -- if you -- no, this didn't even really hit until middle of March. So
those 2 happened. We did have refunds during the quarter of about $900 million.
So we did have ATO grow. We had refunds of $900 million, really driven by sales
in the first 2 months of the time period.

We do believe that ATO will decline in the second quarter.
Our projections, I think April, we had refunds -- we haven't finalized it yet,
but we think it's in the $600 million range, if not more. And we do project
about $400 million in May and about $200 million more in June. So the quarter
is going to be hit by some $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion worth of refunds, and
that is built into the daily cash burn numbers that we gave you. That's why we
talked about receipts being really low in a 50 -- or the $70 billion -- $70
million a day daily burn. So that is built in. We do have an ATO that we think
is going to be negative. But in the first quarter, it was positive really
because the -- as we entered March, things looked really good from where we
were. And I think for all people, that was pretty much the same picture. We
just had the burn coming in, in March.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay from
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So I know -- this is
kind of a follow-on to the question. You don't want to talk about '21. But I
mean how do you plan on digging out of this debt pile here, Doug? I mean based
on what Vasu said, it doesn't seem like you guys are going to be really gutting
costs. So I mean, pragmatically speaking, like how do you dig out of this debt
pile? How do you generate that free cash flow once you get through this crisis?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Through earnings. Again, so we were
nicely forecasting positive free cash flow prior to this. We need to get back
to a point where we're generating free cash flow in the future. And as we do
that, like you say, we'll use that to pay down the debt over time. The -- as
Derek noted, while we do indeed come out of this with more debt than we would
have liked, as it relates to the actual cash flow situation regarding the debt,
we don't have any major amortizations for the next couple of years. And I can
say, as we come out of this, like all carriers and get to a point -- we need to
get to a point again where we're generating positive cash flow, which we
certainly will at some point. And when we do that, we use that to pay down the
debt as we go forward.

DEREK J. KERR: And Hunter, we are really good -- I mean the
work that's been done to get the cost structure where it is right now, it's
only beginning. So Vasu and his team are working through what the schedule is
going to look like in 2021. The whole purpose of retiring fleets was to
simplify things and to drive the cost structure where it needs to be, and we're
still looking at other opportunities to do that. So we will go through a
comprehensive look at the expenses of the airline over the next few months here
to rightsize the expenses to where Vasu is going from a network perspective.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. And then of the 39,000 volunteers
for early retirement and the like, how many of those 39,000 are permanently
retired?

DEREK J. KERR: There were -- there's 4,500 early outs.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Myles Walton from
UBS.

MYLES ALEXANDER WALTON, MD & SENIOR ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, I just had a question for you on
customer behavior and specifically as you alter some of the procedures for
safety onboard the plane. And something like blocking the middle seat. How long
do you think something like that lasts as -- if customers get used to it? I
mean is it potentially that you're putting it in there and it has to stay
through the vaccine development next year? And just how is that going to feed
into your building of 4Q type of projections and scheduling?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, a really good question. All
this is rapidly evolving. And we -- today, it's not much of an issue,
obviously. We have over 80% of our flights are going out with lower than 25%
load factors so that constraint comes into play on a very, very rare basis. So
we think it's the right thing at this point in time. We -- again, I can't
really answer your question other than to tell you it will continue to evolve
over time.

Today, what we're seeing is much more of a push toward
facial coverings to give customers a level of comfort. We certainly are
strongly encouraging that. And indeed, as we said, we'll soon -- tomorrow,
we'll begin providing customers with masks to strongly encourage that they use
them. So we'll see.

Right now, we think that's an important part of the message
to our customers to know that we're not going to have every seat on the
airplane filled. There will be some seats available for those that require --
and so we think we, as other airlines right now, think that's an important part
of the messaging. But again, we'll see where that evolves over time. I don't
know if I can answer any better than that.

MYLES ALEXANDER WALTON: No, that's fine. It's just a
slippery slope when you start to put something in place. You don't know exactly
when to peel it back. I just wondered how you were thinking about it.

And then maybe just a clarification on the CARES loan. How
much of the encumbered assets are you proposing to pledge against that, so we
can know kind of quarter end, what your unencumbered assets are?

DEREK J. KERR: We don't know yet. I mean we're still working
with the Treasury to finalize that. So it hasn't been determined, and we'll
just continue to work with them on what the right collateral value is for the
$4.75 billion loan.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, but back to what earlier what
we said. Of the $10 billion plus the AAdvantage program that we have available
today, we certainly expect that we will have ample collateral available for the
Treasury Department to feel good about their $4.75 billion loan being secured
and still have significant unencumbered assets after that process.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Andrew Didora from Bank
of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Just want to kind of actually go back to the CARES Act. I guess my
understanding of the government loan program is that government's kind of here
to be a lender of last resorts, and you need to exhaust a lot of your other
avenues of financing before accessing the program. Based on your explanation, I
think it's fair to assume -- would you agree that I'm maybe off on this
interpretation?

And then as a follow-up to Myles' question. In your
discussions with the Treasury, have they indicated the type of collateral that
they would be willing to take? Because just trying to get a sense of what you
could have left if you need to go to the public markets.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Sure, Andrew. Let me start and
then Derek can fill in with details. I mean as to the lender of last resort
point, again, I don't have the legislation in front of me. But it says
something to the effect of carrier has to show that they don't have reasonable
access to other -- to public markets or something like that. And again, in
discussions with them, and I can't stress enough again how exceptionally
reasonable and helpful they're being to all of us. We propose things. We
mentioned it in things such as -- for example, in February or March or sometime
earlier this year, Derek, we did -- we were able to do a C-tranche on a EETC
at...

DEREK J. KERR: Well, we did unsecured at 3.75.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We did an unsecured deal at 3.7 so
we could do a C-tranche on a EETC. It's something lower than that. Today, if we
try and do a C-tranche on a EETC, it's a double-digit number. They're certainly
not saying go do that. They view that as financing not being -- reasonable
financing not being available in reasonable terms. So that's -- again, it's for
them to ascertain, but certainly, their view seems to be not that you need to
go raise -- use all the collateral you have and come to them only when there's
nothing else you can do irrespective of the cost. And so again, which I think
is, one, the right thing to do for what they're trying to accomplish, which is
ensure the industry has liquidity it needs at reasonable rates and what we've
been told we're going to do.

So again, I'm going to use this opportunity to thank them,
not just Secretary Mnuchin, that we thanked a lot, but

Undersecretary Brent McIntosh, Deputy Secretary Justin
Muzinich. The entire team has just been really very helpful about this.

So -- and then as to the collateral, again, all we can say
is that's what we need to work through with them. We have $10 billion of
unencumbered assets plus the AAdvantage program, which has appraised values of,
as Derek indicated, awfully high. So given all that, we feel good about our --
what we have said, which is that we will go raise the government loan and still
have significant unencumbered assets, not -- outstanding.

And then let me use this opportunity to one more, give
credit where credit is due, to Derek and the Treasury team. We -- these numbers
we're giving you, $11 billion at year-end -- sorry, at quarter end with the
government loan has us thus far, the most expensive debt we will have raised in
that analysis is this government loan. So not to say that we won't need to do
other things in the future, but we've been going about this going to go to the
most efficient source of financing throughout. And I think we've done so really
well. Feel good about that, and we'll continue to do that. And right now,
that's the next most efficient tranche to go after. So that's where we expect
to go to the extent. Beyond that, if we need to do other things, we obviously
will do so.

I heard, I think, Gary Kelly on Southwest call said this
well, there's an asymmetrical risk right now for cash. Not having enough is
really expensive, having too much may be somewhat expensive, but you just use
that to pay down the debt sooner. That's certainly the way we view it, and
we're going about it in a way of raising that which is most efficient first and
getting to those that are less efficient later.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Great. And lastly, Derek, just a quick
modeling question here. In the $50 million daily cash burn rate in June and
beyond, what are you assuming? What is EETC amortization assumptions in that
number?

DEREK J. KERR: So the EETC amortizations for 2020 is about
$2.2 billion for the full year.

OPERATOR: At this time, we will take questions from the
media. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Alison Sider from
Wall Street Journal.

ALISON SIDER;THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: Yes, I was wondering
if you could tell us anything about sort of the -- any supply chain issues
you're seeing for masks. Like where are you getting all these masks for crew
and for passengers? And is it getting easier to find them?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Ali, it's Robert. I'll give you what we
know. Look, there's a lot of planning that goes into provisioning masks and
sanitizers. And when we contemplated making changes to our cleaning programs
and also any type of amenities for our customers, things have changed rapidly
in just 2 or 3 weeks. So as we take a look forward, with sanitizer, we see
ample supplies. With masks, it is a logistical issue of getting inventories to
the right place. But we have sufficient quantities for our team, and as our commitment
to offer masks and sanitizer to customers in flight, you'll see us rolling that
out in our supply chain. It will take a number of weeks, but it's not an issue
of months at this point. And so I can't point you to the exact sources of
supply. But I will say that things have certainly eased -- constraints have
certainly eased over the last few weeks to the point that we are able to make
commitments like we have to both our team and our customers.

ALISON SIDER;THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: Got it. And I mean
we've heard -- I know you can't say exactly where, but we've heard of other
airlines having to go to Asia or to China, in particular, to get masks. Is that
kind of where some of the sourcing is?

ROBERT D. ISOM: We're sourcing wherever we can get the quality
product that meets our needs throughout the country. But I don't have the
specifics on what percentage comes from where.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Kate -- Kyle Arnold
from Dallas Morning News.

KYLE ARNOLD;THE DALLAS MORNING NEWS: You mentioned the
39,000 employees that took the early out, leave and reduced hours. Can you talk
a little bit about what your permanent workforce situation might look like
after that CARES Act restrictions sunset? And how are you going to be looking
at the immediate from the size of the airline during the next few months?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, Kyle. It's Doug. Look,
obviously, hard to tell given the uncertainty around demand, where we will be
and how fast the consumer returns and how much they want to fly. But certainly,
I mean, given what we announced today with the retirement of all these
aircraft, we will emerge from this in the fall with a smaller airline than we
had anticipated prior to the virus, of course, and go into 2021 as a smaller
airline. So we will indeed -- we will, certainly, irrespective of where demand
is, go into the fall with more team members than we have worked for, which is a
challenge for certain. We hope to get through that same way we've gotten to
this point, the fact that we had 40,000 -- 39,000 of our team members volunteer
for leaves and early retirement, I think, is an indication that we hopefully
can be able to manage through that without having to do furloughs. That's
certainly will be our goal, to go through and make sure that we have the
airline rightsized, properly sized, a good bit smaller than it is today, but do
this in a way that takes care of our team, which has been front of mind for
this entire process.

So we'll look to do that. But yes, those decisions are
things we're going to have to make when we get to that point. And that's a goal
at this point, one that I hope we can meet, but not a certainty. So again, this
is not unique to American. I think we're all working through this at this
point.

As for right now, we're working through the summer and
through the terms and conditions of the CARES Act itself. And as we get into
the fall, we'll have to work -- we will certainly be working productively with
our team to make sure we're rightsized.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein
from Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN;BLOOMBERG NEWS: I wanted to ask, when
you all have been mentioning the AAdvantage program as not being included in
your unencumbered assets, can you talk about your willingness or your unwillingness
to have to use that as collateral?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Derek, do you have anything for
Mary?

DEREK J. KERR: Well, I think -- well, there's willingness to
use all of our collateral that is necessary for us to increase the liquidity to
where we need it to be.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. We weren't putting constraints
on the program, if that's what you're asking. I mean like that, if indeed that
is an asset that we can use to raise much needed liquidity in this time, we're
absolutely willing to consider it.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN;BLOOMBERG NEWS: Okay. And if I can also
ask on the worker leaves, do you have any information in terms of -- since
there are 3, 6, 9, what percentage of those folks would be coming back right
around September 30 when the restrictions on the CARES Act loan go away?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I don't know if we have that
information, Mary. But again -- I don't think we have that.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN;BLOOMBERG NEWS: Okay. Just wondering if
that's going to complicate your decisions going forward on whether you need to
have furloughs or not, if you've got a bunch of folks coming back off of leave
at that time. So if that becomes available, and I could get that, I'd
appreciate it.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Well, anyway, Ali, do you want
to answer?

ALISON TAYLOR, SVP OF GLOBAL SALES & DISTRIBUTION,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Yes. Mary, I can call you offline about that. I
would tell you that some of these leaves, the 3, 6, 9 months, we'll be going
back out and looking at extending those wherever we can, if needed.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Leslie Josephs from
CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS;CNBC: On the open labor agreements, how does
coronavirus and then this need to be a smaller airline affect those? And as you
think about furloughs, how do any of the existing labor contracts affect those
discussions?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: The existing labor negotiations, the
flight attendants and pilots renegotiations. Those negotiations -- obviously,
it has an impact on us as we all work on the pace of those negotiations. We'll
still continue to talk and work through those to the extent we can. But right
now, all of our team is working to make this work into take care of our team
members through this issue. So nothing -- certainly, nothing to report about
those moving forward beyond where they were at this point. And again, as it
relates to the labor contracts, as I said, our goal is to get through this
without furloughs to our team. I'm sure our unions would support that goal. And
we'll work together to figure out, hopefully, ways that we can do that so that
we have the workforce rightsized, but have those that want to avail themselves
of leaves or early outs, doing so; and those that need to be working, doing
that as well. So we'll work with them on that, I will note again. Yes, go
ahead.

LESLIE JOSEPHS;CNBC: And on the leaves, do you have any
sense of why so many people are taking those leaves? Is it child care? I can't
go to another airline now. But...

ELISE R. EBERWEIN, EVP OF PEOPLE & GLOBAL ENGAGEMENT,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Yes. Leslie, it's Elise. It's a combination of
things from child care needs to wanting to take the summer away from flying. So
it's a variety of needs. It all depends on the individual.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Edward Russell, TPG.

EDWARD RUSSELL;THE POINTS GUY: Vasu, I was wondering if you
could go a bit more into your statement on all the hubs coming back. Should we
expect some hubs to come back faster or more robustly than others? I know you've
been talking in the last few years about Charlotte, Dallas and Washington being
the strongest hubs.

VASU RAJA: And Ed, thanks for the question. It remains to be
seen, quite frankly. As Derek mentioned, we are just now starting kind of a
clean sheet exercise for what 2021 might look like. And so I couldn't tell you
with a lot of clarity. But for right now, as you look at our schedule, clearly,
we have our biggest connecting complexes that are out there, primarily so that
we can serve the vast majority of communities under the CARES Act with a
minimum of resource expenditure. And so that's all you kind of see in our
existing schedule today, and everything beyond it remains to be seen yet.

EDWARD RUSSELL;THE POINTS GUY: Great. And then one point of
clarification. Robert, you mentioned some older 737s that could be retired. Was
that -- how many were they? Were they 42? I missed that number.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, 42.

OPERATOR: There are no further question at this time.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Excellent. All right. Well, thanks,
everybody, for your time and attention. I will close. Where I closed my
comments with is, obviously, it's a difficult time for our industry and our
country. And -- but we couldn't be more proud of how our team and our industry
is managing through this. We will get through this, I'm certain of that. I know
our industry will get through this, will fight through this successfully. And
I'm particularly confident that American Airlines will be among those leading
the way. We will keep you apprised as we move forward. If you have any further
questions, please contact the Investor Relations or Corporate Communications.
Thanks a lot.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 043020a13146991.791










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PENSION FUNDS (90%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%);
MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); CONFERENCES &
CONVENTIONS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(71%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(69%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (68%);

WALL STREET JOURNAL (55%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%);
DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB
(NYSE) (82%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, &
FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING
(83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999
MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES
& AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (82%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY
ACCOUNTS (71%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (71%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY
& CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (68%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF
SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (68%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING & FINANCE
(92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PENSION
FUNDS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); PASSENGER & CARGO AIRCRAFT (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS
(78%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 June 20, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
23, 2020 Thursday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 12145 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Vasu Raja

. - SVP of Network Strategy

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Jose Caiado De Sousa

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Alison Sider

The Wall Street Journal - Journalist

* David Slotnick

Business Insider - Journalist

* Dawn Gilbertson

USA Today - Journalist

* Edward Russell

ThePointsGuy.com - Journalist

* Leslie Josephs

CNBC.com - Journalist

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being
recorded. (Operator Instructions)

And now, I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Good
morning, everybody, and welcome to the American Airlines fourth quarter 2019
earnings conference call. With us in the room this morning is Doug Parker, our
Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial
Officer. Also in the room for our question-and-answer session are several of
our senior execs, including Maya Leibman, who is our Chief Information Officer;
Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People
and Communications; Don Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue; and Vasu
Raja, our Senior VP of Network Planning and Alliance.

Like we normally do, Doug will start the call with an
overview of our financial results. Robert will then follow with commentary on
the operational performance and other commercial initiatives. Derek will then
walk us through the details of the fourth quarter and provide some additional
information on our guidance for 2020. And then after we hear from those comments,
we will open the call for analyst questions and, lastly, questions from the
media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans
and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as
to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual
results to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks
and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this
morning and our Form 10-Q from the third quarter September -- ending September
30, 2019.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings release, and that can be found in the Investor
Relations section of our website. A webcast of this call will also be archived
on the website. The information that we're giving you on this call is as of
today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update the information
subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us. At this point. I'll turn the
call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining
us.

Today, we reported our fourth quarter and full year results
for 2019. Excluding net special items, our fourth quarter net earnings were
$1.15 per diluted share, that's up 19% year-over-year. And our full year net
earnings were $4.90 per diluted share, that's up 8% on a year-over-year basis.
While it's a solid year-over-year improvement, especially given the tough
environment we experienced, we know we can perform better, and we will. As we
look to 2020, we remain focused on 3 key areas that will create real value for
our shareholders: producing excellent operating results; growing efficiently
and profitably, and generating significant free cash flow.

The past few months prove that that work is already paying
off. When we spoke in October, we noted 2 key challenges that affected our
third quarter earnings. First, we were on the heels of subpar operating
reliability results as we worked through labor contract negotiations. And
second, our 2019 earnings were negatively impacted by the Boeing 737 MAX being
grounded for more than 7 months, bringing a lot of uncertainty and frustration
to our customers, our team and our shareholders. We committed then that we
would swiftly and aggressively address both of these near-term issues, and
we've made meaningful progress.

First, as it relates to our operating reliability, we've seen
enormous improvement, including the best quarterly operating performance in
company history in this past quarter. Robert is going to talk more about this
in a minute, but we're incredibly proud of our team and the great work they're
doing to take care of our customers, and really a great operation.

Second, on the MAX last quarter, we discussed our clear
position. The financial cost of the MAX grounding should be borne by Boeing
shareholders, not American's. We're pleased that recently, we reached a confidential
settlement with Boeing to compensate American for the financial damages we
incurred in 2019 due to the grounding of the MAX. While we can't disclose
details of the agreement, American shareholders should know that the agreement
reflects our priority to ensure our shareholders are adequately compensated
with real value for the extended grounding. Of course, the settlement only
relates to the damages we incurred in 2019, and the MAX is still grounded, so
we'll continue to hold Boeing accountable for future financial damages to
protect our company and our shareholders.

Turning now to our 2020 priorities -- first, operational
excellence. Robert will talk more about this, as I said, and the ongoing
initiatives we have to continue to ensure excellent operating results into the
future. But one thing I want to point out is the impact the operation is
already having on customer satisfaction. Our goal is to become customers'
airline of choice, and a measure of -- and as a measure of that, we're looking
to become the industry leader in customer Likelihood To Recommend scores or
LTR. Running a reliable operation is a significant driver of that, and our
fourth quarter LTR results prove it. In this past quarter, our LTR returned to
near-record highs and improved year-over-year for the first time since the
second quarter of 2018. That gives us great momentum and encouragement for 2020
and beyond.

Turning to efficient profitable growth, we now expect to
grow American's network by approximately 4% to 5% in 2020. However, annual
growth rate estimates don't really tell the story of growth in American in 2020
because our capacity growth will be lower than 4% to 5% until the MAX returns
and will be greater than that as the aircraft returns to service. But we're
excited about that growth, both before and after the return to service date,
because it will be efficient and profitable growth. It will be in markets that
are expected to produce at or above average unit revenues largely because of
the gates we've been able to add in 2 of our most profitable hubs: Dallas/Fort
Worth and Charlotte. It will also be highly efficient growth as it will be
funded by the return of some aircraft already included in our cost structure,
improved operating reliability and an increase in the gauge of our airplanes.

Next, and of particular interest to our investors, we are
very pleased to have reached a point where we will be generating significant
free cash flow. After 6 years of considerable capital investments in
integration and fleet modernization, we're now seeing a significant decline in
future CapEx needs and a return on those prior investments. Derek will provide
more information on this in a moment, but we expect 2-year free cash flow to be
$6 billion. We believe that free cash flow yield will be a key differentiator
between American and our largest competitors going forward, and we will keep
investors apprised of our progress. This free cash flow will be used to
naturally delever our balance sheet and return capital to shareholders. We continue
to estimate that our total adjusted debt will decline by approximately $3
billion to $4 billion over the next 2 years and $8 billion to $10 billion over
the next 5 years.

So in summary, we've made real progress in the fourth
quarter, and we'll apply that same tenacity in 2020. Our team is doing an
amazing job of running a reliable operation and taking care of our customers.
We have outstanding profitable growth opportunities ahead, and we are intent on
producing real cash returns for our investors.

With that, I'll turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by adding my thanks
to the American team for doing a phenomenal job, taking care of our customers
during the busy holiday travel period. We are pleased with the operation we ran
in the fourth quarter and the momentum it gives us to further improve as we
head into 2020.

During the critical holiday period, we achieved record
results for combined mainline and regional on-time departures, on-time arrivals
and completion factor, a fantastic way to end our strongest operational quarter
on record.

Throughout the spring and summer, reliability and customer
service suffered because of exceptionally high aircraft out of service. That's
not the case today. Since September, start-of-the-day aircraft out of service
has steadily improved, reaching best-ever levels in December and through
January to date. On December 24, we had our lowest number of aircraft out of
service at the start of the day since the merger, with more aircraft available
to start the day, more flights departed and arrived on time, with fewer
cancellations and fewer disruptions to our customers' travel flight plans.

To add up to Doug's comments about the MAX, we had
previously pushed the return to service date to early June. Of course, as new
information becomes available, like earlier this week, we'll reassess that time
line. And to that end, we'll continue to work closely with the FAA, Boeing, our
pilots and our unions on return-to-service preparation and a new flight
schedule. As a reminder, by the end of 2020, we had planned to take delivery of
an additional 26 MAX aircraft. We understand from Boeing that 13 of those
aircraft have been built and are in storage, and we expect most of the
remaining aircraft to be delivered by the end of 2020.

On the revenue front, we reported record fourth quarter and
full year revenue. Fourth quarter revenue was up 3.4% to $11.3 billion. This
marks the 13th consecutive quarter of unit revenue growth. For the year, our
top line grew 2.8% to $45.8 billion. Derek will talk more about our revenue
performance in his remarks.

Looking at our business today, the revenue environment
remains strong, and the economy continues to show no signs of slowing down.
Importantly, demand for American's product remains robust, as our traffic
growth continues to outpace GDP growth.

Corporate demand remains strong, and we're picking up share
gap within that segment. This is driven in part by our operational improvement
during the quarter, but also by the great work of our global sales and
distribution team to drive that business forward. We saw a 28% increase in
transactions through NDC-enabled channels during the fourth quarter. This
growth is driven by adoption from NDC-connected agencies in both domestic and
international points of sale. This is a key component of our goal of being the
easiest airline to do business with, so we're excited to see NDC become
available to a wider set of customers.

Leisure revenue growth was also very strong in the fourth
quarter, as we delivered a record load factor, and we're off to an outstanding
start in the new year.

In 2019, our AAdvantage program enrolled the largest number
of new members since the merger, with the highest year-over-year growth
occurring in the fourth quarter. We also ended the year with record numbers of
co-brand card members, acquisitions, card spend and flight redemptions. More
members than ever are interacting with American through the enhanced digital
experience in their -- of their -- in their AAdvantage accounts. And in 2019,
our team delivered even more customer benefits by extending -- by expanding
dynamically price redemption opportunities across our network.

As Doug mentioned, our operational reliability improved in
the fourth quarter and so did our Likelihood To Recommend scores. In 2019, we
took strides to improve the customer experience in several significant ways. We
completed the installation of industry-leading high-speed WiFi across our
mainline narrow-body fleet for more than 700 aircraft, giving customers the
ability to stay connected from gate to gate. We introduced the A321neo,
enhancing what was already the youngest fleet among U.S. network carriers. We
expanded the footprint of our industry-leading premium lounge product with new
flagship in Admirals Club lounges in -- at DFW and renovated Admirals Clubs in
Boston and Pittsburgh. We launched innovative partnerships with Apple, Blade
and the James Beard Foundation, and expanded our relationship with Hyatt to
improve customers' experience throughout their journeys with us. And we
introduced biometric boarding and passport scanning and our mobile app,
expediting the boarding process on international flights.

Of course, one of American's biggest competitive advantages
is the strength of our network and our ability to grow in our most profitable
hubs. We continue to be incredibly pleased with the results from the growth at
DFW this past year. In the fourth quarter, we grew DFW capacity by 9%,
resulting in a 21% increase in origins and destinations. And importantly, this
growth came in at above system average passenger unit revenue. We'll continue
to see the benefits of this high-margin growth at DFW for years to come as we
continue to upgauge the airline. A lot of our growth in 2020 will happen at DFW
from the lapping of our expansion there last year and also in Charlotte, where
we added 4 new gates in late 2019. We have planned to add 3 additional gates at
Charlotte beginning in 2020, and we'll continue to grow in 2021 with the
opening of the new regional concourse at Reagan National as well as the
compounding effect of our growth at DFW and Charlotte.

On the international side, with full government approval of
our joint business with Qantas, customers are already benefiting from new
routes and expanded codeshare and improved frequent flier benefits. In October,
we announced new service between DFW and Auckland and Los Angeles and
Christchurch starting this year.

Our Atlantic Joint Business continues to perform well, and
it brings significant benefits to customers in North America and Europe. Last
month, we announced a new British Airways-operated service between Portland and
London Heathrow, which is 1 of 8 new transatlantic routes starting this summer
throughout the Atlantic Joint Business venture.

In addition, late last year we announced plans to co-locate
with British Airways at JFK, which will allow us to more efficiently and
conveniently connect customers traveling across our networks.

We're also excited about starting our first-ever service to
Africa and Poland in 2020 and returning to Tel Aviv as well. We launched a new
reciprocal codeshare with Royal Air Maroc late last year, which will support
our new Philadelphia-Casablanca service and allow for easy connections further
into Africa.

On January 31, we will stop codesharing with LATAM. American
remains the large -- the leading carrier and largest carrier between the U.S.
and Latin America and the best partner for future relationships. We feel very
good about our position in this important region and expect only to grow on our
own and with partners in the coming years. And as a result, we don't see any
impact to revenue or profitability in 2020.

In summary, we made great progress in the fourth quarter,
especially in regard to our operations. We have a solid foundation in place,
and the demand and revenue environment remains strong. The challenges of last
year have brought us closer as a team and aligned us in purpose, and we're excited
to deliver on what we've built so far and continue to focus on our operating
reliability, improving the customer experience and capitalizing on our valuable
growth opportunities.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek.

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: All right. Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. Despite the
operational and fleet challenges we faced throughout most of 2019, we were able
to grow both pretax margins and earnings per share for the third successive
quarter and for the year.

Our fourth quarter pretax profit, excluding net special
items of $679 million, resulted in a pretax margin of 6% as compared to 5.4% in
2018.

The revenue environment continues to be positive with fourth
quarter total revenue growth of 3.4%. Passenger revenues grew by 3.9% to $10.3
billion, a record for the fourth quarter on unit revenue growth of 0.9 points.
For the year, total revenue grew 2.8% to $45.8 billion and was also the highest
level of revenue in company history, with total revenue per available seat mile
up 1.7%.

Robert touched on our international operations, but as we
look at our fourth quarter international revenue performance by entity, we
continue to see the strength of our Latin American franchise. Latin America was
our best-performing entity during the fourth quarter, with a year-over-year
unit revenue improvement of 10% driven by double-digit unit revenue
improvements in Brazil and Mexico. We also had positive unit revenue growth in
Argentina for the quarter, while Caribbean performance was flat.

In the fourth quarter, our Pacific unit revenue continued to
show improvement, up 1.3% year-over-year, which was aided by our China
restructuring last year and our partnership with Japan Airlines. We saw
strength in the Japan market and brought China to positive unit revenue
territory.

We're executing quickly on our new joint business with
Qantas. We recently expanded codeshare selling to all Qantas and American
flights between Australia and New Zealand and the continental U.S.,
encompassing 104 Qantas and 48 American flights per week during the peak
season.

Atlantic revenue was up 4.6% on 8.7% more capacity and a
decline in unit revenue of 3.7%. The decline in unit revenue is attributed to a
foreign exchange headwind and, in part, due to a potential labor disruption at
one of our joint business partners.

Underlying premium demand remained strong, and we made good
progress with premium leisure customers, growing this segment by 15% during the
quarter. Premium Economy continues to do well as the product matures, with
average fares approximately 2.3x the coach fare.

Domestic revenue grew 4.4% from strong load factors, offset
in part by weaker yields during the pre-Thanksgiving travel period, which led
to somewhat flat unit revenue production during the quarter. Investors
shouldn't read too much into the softness we saw in November as December closed
out very strong, and those trends have continued into January.

On the cargo front, trade concerns and macro weakness
outside the United States continued to weigh on both cargo volumes and yields.
When combined with year-over-year international schedule reductions we made in
the fourth quarter of 2018, cargo revenues fell 18.3% to $216 million in the
fourth quarter.

Total operating expenses in the fourth quarter were up 2.1%
at $10.6 billion. When fuel and special items are excluded, our unit costs
increased in the fourth quarter by 2% compared to 2018 due primarily to higher
salaries and benefits, maintenance and regional expenses.

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with
approximately $7.1 billion in total available liquidity. As we noted on our
January 10 investor update, due to the uncertainty of the return of service of
the MAX and our commitment to our $7 billion liquidity target, we arranged an
additional revolving line of credit to provide the company with increased
borrowing capacity of up to $400 million. We don't have any present intention
to borrow any amounts under this facility, which matures in September 2020,
with an optional extension to December 2020.

During the fourth quarter, we paid dividends of $44 million
and repurchased approximately $285 million of stock or 9.9 million shares.

We have begun to delever the balance sheet as our CapEx
requirements have come down. As a result, our year-end adjusted debt position
decreased by $1.5 billion year-over-year.

Before we turn to guidance, I'd like to talk about the
changes we made to the format of our investor update. Due to material
uncertainty around the grounding of the MAX, we are adjusting how we provide
our forward-looking guidance. Going forward, we will provide guidance on the
current quarter and the full year only.

As we look at 2020, with the MAX grounding in mind, we
currently project our earnings will be negatively affected by substantially the
same amount as our 2019 earnings were impacted. While we expect Boeing to
compensate us for these 2020 losses, this compensation is not included in any
of our forward guidance.

As Doug mentioned, we now expect that our 2020 capacity
growth will be approximately 4% to 5% and that our CASM -- 2020 CASM growth,
excluding fuel, special items and new labor deals, will be up approximately 1%.
However, because our annual metrics, like capacity and unit costs, are highly
sensitive to our MAX return assumptions, it's worth pointing out that these
metrics will have a different trajectory in the second half of 2020 than what
we are guiding in the first quarter. As such, our CASM will be up 2% to 4% in
the first quarter. And when the MAX returns later in the year, our capacity
will be higher and our CASM is expected to be down year-over-year.

Looking forward, despite the geopolitical headlines, we
continue to see no signs of macro softness in our forward bookings. We expect
first quarter domestic demand to remain robust and LATAM to again be the
best-performing international entity. With that backdrop, we forecast our first
quarter year-over-year TRASM to be flat to up 2%. We also expect that our first
quarter pretax margin, excluding net special items, will be roughly flat on a
year-over-year basis.

Based on the assumptions I referenced earlier, we believe
our full year earnings per diluted share, excluding net special items, will be
between $4 and $6 a share.

In 2019, we made contributions of more than $1.2 billion to
our defined benefit pension plans or $436 million in excess of required
contributions, prefunding a portion of our 2020 minimum required contribution.
Favorable asset performance of 23.5%, coupled with significant company
contributions, helped to offset an increase in the benefit obligation due to
declining interest rates, improving funded status by 4 percentage points. For
2020, we intend to make a total contribution of $193 million. We also expect a
significant reduction in pension expense year-over-year by approximately $260
million.

Our total projected capital expenditures for 2020 is
expected to be $3.3 billion, comprised of $1.7 billion in nonaircraft CapEx and
$1.6 billion in aircraft CapEx. With these capital numbers, as Doug said, we
currently forecast that we will generate $6 billion in free cash flow over the
next 2 years.

So with that, I will turn it back over to the operator to
begin our question-and-answer session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And our first question
comes from Michael Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions here, and maybe
this is to Derek. I realize that you mentioned with the guidance that it
doesn't reflect any sort of benefit from Boeing. But I want to touch on that $6
billion of free cash flow over the next 2 years because, in the Southwest press
release, they did call out $400 million of supplier proceeds that they received
in 2019. So you were talking about the forward guidance. I want to be clear.
Does your 2019 number include any sort of benefit -- cash benefit from Boeing?
And if not, is that potential upside to the $6 billion over the next 2 years?
Anything you can say on that would be great.

DEREK J. KERR: It's hard to talk about any of this because
it's a confidential settlement that's out there today. The impact in '20 and
'21, where -- is in there from a settlement perspective. But we can't really
talk about how we got the settlement and where we got it. We got it over time
after things, and that's kind of where we are, Mike. It's really just because
it's a deal with Boeing that we have and it's confidential that we can't really
outline where that's at. But it will -- the Boeing settlement for the $6
billion that we talked about is included in those numbers, so there's no change
to that. No upside to that number because of the Boeing settlement, unless we
talk about a 2020 settlement that's out there that we have not talked about at
all. So I guess there's some upside if there's a Boeing settlement on 2020. But
I think the '20 -- the settlement we already have is included in that $6
billion number.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. That's actually very helpful.
And then just my second question, you haven't made recently any change to your
bag fees -- what you charge for bag fees, have you? I just -- I haven't been
able to check.

DEREK J. KERR: We have not.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Catherine O'Brien
with Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So question on cost. Your better-than-expected
fourth quarter cost performance is due to running a better operation. You
talked about some of the milestones you hit on aircraft out of service during
the quarter. So have you extrapolated these better trends into your 2020 CASM
guide? Or did you build in any cushion from an operational performance
standpoint? Any color there would be helpful.

DEREK J. KERR: We have an ASM guide at 4% to 6%, so we have
assumed a completion factor of 4% to 5%, excuse me. And we have built in a
completion factor that we assume that we continue to run the operation that we
have today. So that is in play there.

From a CASM perspective for the full year, the one big
headwind that we have is in the maintenance area, and it's mostly in engine
costs. And some of that is driven by keeping some of the older aircraft around
and doing engine hauls on those aircraft -- engine overhauls on those aircraft
due to the fact that the uncertainty on the MAX and some of the delays on the
321 aircraft. So we have extrapolated in the operation is going to be better.
And we have -- but we have -- one of the biggest headwinds is just the
maintenance side of things from a cost perspective.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And this is Doug, and I'll just add
to that. Again, much like we said that the ASM numbers for the year don't
really reflect our plan for the entire year because, again, that 4% to 5% will
be lower than that before the MAX returns and higher than after. The same holds
true for CASM. So that number can move as return to service dates move. But
know this, once the return to service date is here, the CASM will be lower than
that average number Derek gave. And until it does, they will be somewhat higher
than that.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay. Understood. And then a
question on the $6 billion in free cash flow you're expecting over the next few
years. So approximately how much of that is from sale leaseback proceeds? I
know in 2020, that number is $1.5 billion. But what's that figure for 2021?

DEREK J. KERR: Right now, it's 0 for 2021. $1.5 billion is
correct for 2020. 0 for 2021.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Jose Caiado with
Crédit Suisse.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA, RESEARCH ANALYST, CRéDIT SUISSE AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Robert, maybe a question for you. I wanted to ask about the
progress on your sub-fleet optimization initiative. I believe you were hoping
to take something like 50-or-so different sub fleet combos down to 30 or so.
Can you just give us an update on that initiative? I imagine the MAX situation
last year maybe delayed the progress there and just how you're thinking about
that for 2020.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Sure. So one of our big projects on the
mainline side was to make the configurations on our 321s and our 737 fleets
identical. So because of the issues that we ran into last year, of course, with
the MAX and aircraft out of service, we slowed that project down. So to date,
we plan on reconfiguring a total 304 737s. And I believe that we're -- it
changes daily, but I believe that we're 80 or so through that. We've just
started on the 321s, the 202-or-so aircraft there. So there's a lot more that
is coming there.

You'll recall that those configurations, not only did they
standardize, not only did they also add to the total seat count, but they also
brought great customer amenities such as new lighting, new seats, oversized
bins, satellite WiFi and whatnot. So we're really excited about that and been
getting great feedback from customers on that. We still have, in our plan, to
eliminate the E190s by the end of the summer. The Super 80s are gone. The 767s
will be gone next year. And on the regional side, we've done a great job in
terms of both rationalizing our fleets in terms of different configurations and
also carry -- partner carriers as well, greatly simplifying things. So we're
really excited about where we've -- where we started. There's still a lot of
upside, though, as we move forward, especially on the mainline side of things.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA: And then just a quick second question
on your load factor initiatives in 2019. Generally, were you pretty satisfied
with how the initiatives sort of played out? And do you have any plans to make
any adjustments to that strategy in 2020?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Okay. This is Don. Actually, we're very, very pleased with how
well we executed on our -- what we described as kind of the smartly [go load]
factor because, obviously, our objective is not to maximize load factor, but to
maximize revenue. And we had, over the course of 2019, issued record load
factors. It was the highest load factor the company has never had in its history.
And as we look at where we grew, because that's really the most important part,
we were able to find the right places in order to be able to push the load
factor out. As we look forward into 2020, we still think there is a little bit
of opportunity as we look back to fine-tune what we did in 2019. So I think a
bit more upside going forward.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: First one for
Derek, a similar question, well, actually identical to what I asked from United
yesterday. Could you talk about the evolution of the $4 to $6 guide and the
timing of when that forecast really did come together, the degree to which it
was influenced by some of the recent geopolitical uncertainty? Also clearly, a
foregone conclusion that you're going to have to push the June reentry
schedule. Should we anticipate updated annual metrics when that happens?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Jamie, I'll take that on a broad
one. If you need more, Derek can give you more detail. But -- and to your
question, when was it -- when did we come that, it was last night. So it
incorporates everything we know at this point in time, everything we anticipate
at this point in time. And our -- certainly, our objective is not to amend it
other than to maybe be amending it upwards we had hoped maybe at some point in
time. Because everything we see right now or we anticipate right now, and to
the extent that changes, of course, we would update it at that time. But
everything we know now is in there. And to the extent unanticipated issues come
up, we'll work very hard to offset those, so we don't have to adjust it. But
it's -- all those things you mentioned are incorporated in that.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: And just to drill down, no accruals
for any -- no unique contract assumptions that are in the guide.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'm sorry?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: No labor accruals or assumptions on
your behalf as part of the guide, just want to make sure.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. I want to make sure I say this
right again. It includes everything we anticipate at this time. We know where
we are in labor negotiations. What we anticipate is included in that, so...

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. Excellent. And a follow-up on
labor, Doug. I wanted to ask about the bench. I was impressed to see the hire
of Brian on Vasu's team. I think there has been some surprise amongst investors
that there haven't been, how shall I say this, more gyrations in terms of the
overall bench. I want to ask the question in a way that you're comfortable
asking -- or answering, excuse me. You could answer my question with a question
if you want. I guess I'll ask it this way. Was Brian a one-off? Or would you
say that you are actively looking to pick up new talent where needed throughout
the organization?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, we're always actively looking
to pick up new talent throughout the organization. We've been doing so for
quite some time.

That's one case. There have been several over the years, and
they've been some of the best additions to the team. It's one of the really
nice things, actually from my perspective, of the transformation that's
happened. American and in this industry, there was a time it was difficult to
attract good people that are -- that were already in the business. But we've --
who we are and what we can do now, I mean, my goodness, you just look at -- if
you -- you apparently haven't or we haven't been prominent enough in pointing
out to you the kinds of people we have been adding, such as our General Counsel
with a phenomenal resume in the division. We have people we've added over the
last 2 years from firms like, this is from memory now, IBM, PepsiCo, Walmart,
JPMorgan, Starwood, Texas Instruments, that have all come to this organization
and had made a huge difference, and we'll continue to do so.

So we'll keep doing that, and we do it throughout the
organization. Those people are all throughout the organization. We feel
fantastic about the team we have in place, the structure we have in place and
the bench strength we have in place. We're -- what we -- but we always are
looking to improve and are -- as you know, we're excited about the hire, as you
noted, and there are more to come, as there always will be and really excited
about what we have in place.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Hunter Keay with
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Doug, a bit of an
offbeat question, but the way you were talking about the shareholders sort of
feeling the impact of the MAX delays in your prepared remarks, and it kind of
just dawned on me. Wouldn't one way to soften that might be cutting a special
dividend of about $5 per share to your shareholders using Boeing money to make
up for how much your stock price has gone down since the MAX was grounded? Is
that something you would consider?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Jamie, here's how we think about --
I'm sorry, every time. I swear I'm not doing it for -- I swear I'm not doing it
for -- all right, all right -- right now. But I do it to each one of you. So
anyway, Hunter, sorry. Look, this -- we view this settlement as we do all cash
proceeds and cash flow generated by the company, it goes in order. First, to
invest in the business, make sure we're doing that. Next, to make sure we're
paying down any debt, either that is expensive, which we don't have any of
that, or as it comes due, and we don't need to add more to do that. And then
having done those things, invest in the company and make sure we're paying down
debt as prudent. And then make sure we have sufficient amount on hand to ensure
that we have -- as we do an extremely large cash balance ought to be prepared
to be ready for any sort of black swan event that might happen. So we make sure
we always have at least [$7 billion] of liquidity in hand. So you know all
that. And then having done all that, the excess, we do look to return to shareholders.
We've been aggressive about that in the past, will be in the future.

We believe with where the stock is -- when we believe the
stock is undervalued, we think the best way to return that to the shareholders
is to repurchase the shares from those who are not as -- who are not as --
don't have as much of a strong view on the future as others might. We think
that's the best way to return it to shareholders, not through dividends. So
that's how we'll treat these proceeds as well.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. That's fair. And then as I look at
the headcount over the last few years, I'm curious, Derek, how attrition rates
have impacted that relative to what your baseline plan was at the time of the
merger. Obviously, labor rates have gone up. And folks who don't have mandatory
retirement ages are probably hanging on a little bit longer to make up for lost
pensions and things like that. So how has attrition impacted headcount? And is
that something -- is that an area that's been a little bit worse than expected
relative to your baseline sort of merger cost outlook? And is there anything
that can be done about that going forward?

DEREK J. KERR: I wouldn't say it's anywhere different than
what's expected. I mean, from attrition rates have definitely gone down because
of the salaries within the industry. So at certain areas where there were high
attrition, it's gone down a fair amount. But we're managing that. That just
means we're not hiring as many people in those areas than we have. So I'm not
concerned about where we're at. I think we're efficient. We're going to become
more efficient over time. There might be some opportunities that we will go
after over the next few years. But as we go forward, I think we look at that
all the time. But attrition really hasn't impacted it. That's really lowered
hiring and lowered where we needed to be from a hiring standpoint.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just revisiting the fourth quarter a
little bit, and I apologize if this is overly simplistic. But you grew below
3%, you had the benefit of Dallas hub growth. Competitors had fleet limitations
which limited their ability to grow and inflated their nonfuel costs. You were
in a seasonally stronger period and yet revenue came in softer versus your
initial guide. And so again, maybe overly simplistic, but if you can't find
price on 3% growth, how are investors supposed to get comfortable that you can
find it on 5-plus to offset inflationary pressures on the business longer term?
And more importantly, how are you going to evaluate if that aspirational growth
rate is working as we proceed maybe in the back half of this year?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. This is -- Duane, this is Don Casey
talking. So if you just look at kind of what our guide was, our guide was to
have TRASM up I think at 1 point in the fourth quarter. We ended up 0.5 point.
2/10 of that was we had more ASMs in the quarter because of better completion
factor, we're down about 3/10. When you do look at the numbers that we have,
you have to remember this is the kind of the last quarter where we have this
headwind related to frequent flyer recognitions, about 0.9 point. So when you
kind of back that out and look at our numbers, we actually did, I think, pretty
well relative to everybody else.

Probably, more importantly, is as we look forward into the
second quarter, particularly in the domestic market, we actually see the
domestic market looking pretty robust as we head forward -- look forward. So in
every forward month right now, our yields, which were a bit soft in the fourth
quarter because of performance in November, all look positive, right? So we're
pretty actually optimistic about our forward outlook. And again, as you think
about the fourth quarter, really, the only thing that was off track for us was
November. We did better in December than we expected. We did better in October
than we expected. But November, with the extra week of trough, that last week
before Thanksgiving for us was very, very weak. But beyond that, everything
really performed, really at or above expectations. And again, the forward look
in terms of forward yields is positive.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Bob, on the growth...

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes. Hey, Duane. This is Bob too. I'll just
add something to Don's comments too, in that the manner in which we've taken
out the MAX in the past and the way we're taking it out in the first quarter
and second quarter is different, right? Until this point in time, certainly in
fourth quarter and the third quarter before that, we were taking the MAX out
sometimes 60 or 75 days before the flights flew. So what we are effectively
doing is we had already filled up capacity, and we had fewer seats available
for higher-yielding last-minute bookings. And so you can see it certainly
stands to reason, you see it in the industry data that there has been a huge
transfer of share from carriers that operate the MAX to carriers that don't operate
the MAX, and we saw that in the fourth quarter. But despite that, as we look
forward, we have been -- actually, we've taken it out further in advance. And
so that enables us to go and revenue manage the airline to a more predictable
capacity base.

But also in fourth quarter, despite the very obvious
frustrations we have with the MAX, one thing that is encouraging as we think
about bringing the MAX back is as we took the MAX out, we sought to preserve
the connecting power of our 3 biggest hubs: Chicago, DFW and Charlotte. And so
even though we saw net traffic loss across our system, in those 3 hubs we
actually both saw traffic gain. And most critically, we saw share gains of the
highest value O&Ds in the domestic system. This is encouraging to us, of
course, because when the MAX comes back, the marginal cost of bringing that
airplane back is miniscule. Indeed, we're carrying it right now. But we believe
the marginal RASMs will be certainly uniquely high for us because so much of
what the MAX will do is provide more seats on those higher-value O&Ds that
are at the highest percentiles of our domestic yield curves.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. This is Don again. I'll just add one
more point. If you look at where the MAX capacity effect is, it's really
domestic. That's where we actually have the impact. It grew domestically only
by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. We expect it to grow a lot more. And domestic
has the -- far and away the highest nominal PRASMs, so it has a big, important
impact on us in terms of fourth quarter unit revenue.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And just for a quick follow-up,
Derek, the lower pension expense ratable across the quarters. And would you be
willing to disclose the actual pension expense in '20 versus '19?

DEREK J. KERR: It is ratable throughout the quarters. And
the [$260 million] number is the number that is going to be the expense this
year.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Darryl Genovesi
with Vertical Research.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH
PARTNERS, LLC: Doug, I guess given that this is the start of a new year, I just
wanted to ask you a bigger-picture question. And then I don't mean to be
combative, but since 2014, the first year following the merger, your pretax
income has declined by about 30%, a little over $1 billion. I know the MAX
created some hardship, but United and Southwest, who are both MAX operators,
have grown pretax over that period. Neither one of those carriers has a
significantly larger operational footprint than you and neither has a single
hub that's bigger than either of your 2 largest at DFW and Charlotte as they
currently exist. So I guess the question, with all respect and without
reference to the MAX or the need for more capacity, what do you think the 1 to
2 things are that you've done wrong since the merger? And what are the 1 or 2
things that you think you need to do differently in 2020 to show investors that
you can reverse the downward earnings trend?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Let me answer it this way, by
-- first, by noting, look, one, we agree. We know, of course, that -- let's
just talk about this as the margin gap. We fully recognize that our relative --
our margins relative to our 2 largest competitors have -- that gap has gone
from being positive to American to negative to American or to the extent it was
positive against -- if Delta was positive, which was more positive of late. And
we're concerned about that and certainly intent upon reversing the trend.

Further, to explain most of what you described, from 2014 on,
part of our large margin, relative margin performance was the fact that as we
took 2 airlines: one, US Airways, which had lower labor costs than the big 3;
and then American, which had lower labor costs than those 2 airlines as it went
through a bankruptcy, a large part of that margin advantage was unsustainable.
We certainly -- I think we were quite clear about that at the time that we were
going to need to, over time, as we signed new contracts, get our teams' wages
and benefits in line with those, and that happened. So that's certainly a part
of it.

But that's not -- but having said that, that's not always
what we're going on. So let me just say it this way. As we sit here today,
having just closed these years out, that gap, I mean, I don't know what line
you look at; I know generally, people look at pretax, we get somewhat hurt on
that, of course by the fact that we've gone and invested in $20 billion of new
aircraft over the last 5 years that those airlines haven't done yet. So that's
about a point of it. So a way to adjust for that is to look -- but anyway, the
trends are much the same. I'm not trying to blame it on that. But I think a
better way to look at it is the EBITDAR margin.

And again, the story is exactly the same. When you look at
the EBITDAR margins for the year just ended, we're going to -- we come out a
little less than 2 points behind United for the year and about 6 points behind
Delta. So I look at those and think that doesn't seem right. We should --
there's no reason that American Airlines should have margins that are lower
than United. There may be a structural reason at this point in time that we
would be lower than Delta, as United is. That structural reason being that they
had so much of their capacity flying in and out of a really, really profitable
hub. But we're not -- I'm not trying to say that that's a structural reason
that can't be closed, but it may not be able to be closed in the really near
term. As we end up growing Dallas and Charlotte over time in our network, I
think that can be closed. But I suspect you're talking more near term.

So in the near term, here's what I think. We have one more
of these contracts to do. That's in -- that's one more to actually get our
labor costs in line. We have one more joint collective bargain agreement to get
done. That will happen in 2020. Once we do that, you will then be at a point
where our labor costs in general across the board are largely in line with
theirs, so you won't see that continued kind of pressure. So as we look to
2020, we have that headwind, but what I believe is because of all the things we
have going on, that we'll close that gap. The 2020 margin -- again, let's set
the MAX aside for whatever that does to this year's earnings and what we will
then be compensated for -- but just looking at adjusted for the MAX, I think
our margins this year will be, despite that headwind, in line or hopefully,
maybe even a little better than those 2 carriers. Year-over-year improvement,
I'm saying.

So while we may not be able to start closing it in 2020
because we have to get that last contract there -- within there, and having
done that, we will then have labor costs that are now largely the same as our
competitors. Well, to the extent labor costs go up at any of the airlines, it
will go up at all of the airlines at a better or similar amount. So -- and as
that happens, I think right now is we expect that margin gap to be closed. How
much, how fast? Hard to say. Conservatively, I think we should easily be able
to get 1 point here. So again, let's, for 2020, assume that we not able to get
that point but we stay where we are in the gap. And then a couple more years,
we're at or near United and then -- and over 3 years ahead of United and -- or
by 1 point or so and closing that and cutting that gap in half again still.
That's -- that, I believe, is what you'll see from us from all the initiatives
that we've been laying out over time. They're working now.

Despite all that is going on and the headwinds we've had, we
did indeed have margin expansion year-over-year. We had, this quarter, our
fourth quarter margin improvement for the first time in 2 years was -- didn't
have -- was -- the improvement was better than United for the first time in 2
years. I don't want to make a big deal about that because it's not that much,
but it's not that much improved and it's one quarter and it's the last quarter
of the year, so who knows? But that's a fact. It was the first time in 2 years
that we've seen our margin gap versus United start to narrow, albeit at a small
rate. We hope that's the beginning of a trend. I certainly think that should be
-- like I say, once we get this last contract in place going forward.

So that's where we're headed. That happens, by the way,
without -- if you ask me, "What do we need to do about that?" I
believe we've been -- I believe we've explained all that. Again, if you want
more, Robert and Don can do it again. It's largely revenue and it's revenue
initiatives, things like getting our -- the entire fleet harmonized, things like
getting our ability to sell up in the same position that some of our
competitors are, things that we know we can and will do, and that will allow
our revenues to increase at a rate -- again, our revenues to increase at a rate
and our profits to increase at a rate that they don't have the opportunity to
do. So that's what I think. I know it's a long answer, but it's a really
important question that we get a lot, and that's what I believe. It's -- that
margin gap is not something we believe is acceptable, not something we believe
will be sustained and one that you should continue to hold our feet to the fire
as we move forward.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi
with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, I just want to
highlight that, I mean, you do refer to kind of the competitive disadvantage
that you face in some cases. You guys have an enormous competitive advantage
over United, in particular, related to the credit card program that I think
needs to be considered. But my question is when you look out over the next
couple of years and the $6 billion in free cash flow, how much of that do you
expect to return to shareholders versus going to pay down debt or the pension?
Like what's the actual number that you see being free to return?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Before I answer that, I just
want to respond to your comment. Nothing that I said, said we have
disadvantages to United, nothing that we're saying any reason that we think we
shouldn't have margins at or better than United. And I agree with you, our
credit card program is an advantage. That's one of the reasons that there
shouldn't -- what I said was, we may have a structural disadvantage on the
network front versus Delta today. So anyway, that's what I tried to say.

The -- as to your question on how much of that free cash
flow gets to investors, I'll refer back to my comments, which were as follows.
We said that we expect over the next 2 years, free cash flow of $6 billion. And
we also said that we expected to reduce our total adjusted debt by $3 billion
to $4 billion. Again, so that's -- there's a couple of billion dollars there
that again, all else equal would be excess of the $7 billion. And with -- again,
consistent with our past behavior and our views about our obligation to our
shareholders, I would expect, if I was modeling that that would be returned to
shareholders.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then if the MAX reduced
2019 pretax by $550 million, the mechanics was another few hundred million, can
you just help us understand how much of an impact that's expected to be in
2020? If things are getting better and the operation is getting better and
there's revenue momentum, then why shouldn't the baseline for 2020 be -- 2019
results plus the MAX and the mechanics impacts? I guess how much of those
factors are reduced? How much are those reducing the first quarter '20 guidance
by? Can you just maybe help us understand that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, sure. Yes, thanks. Look, the
MAX is still an issue in 2020. So -- and when we say we expect to be back,
obviously, we have our June date and -- but that we're going to need to
reassess that. So sometime late summer, early fall, let's assume that's going
to be out about the same number of months in 2020 as it was in 2019. So the MAX
effect on financials, there's no positive impact in those numbers.

I do want to make this -- take the time, though, to make
this point. Whatever that amount is, we will be compensated. That -- Boeing has
been clear about that. They've shown that they're -- they will do that. It is
unfortunate that the accounting for that doesn't match the period in which the
pain happens. But it's real value. It's value that accrues to our shareholders
and we are committed to ensuring that we receive that value for you on your
behalf, on our behalf. So that, again, those -- I would just ask all of you, as
you look to those kind of large impacts of the Boeing impact, to understand
that those are -- that's an accounting issue in large part, at least again for
financial purposes. It's a huge, obviously, issue for our customers and our
team. But other than that, as it relates to the financials, that amount, our
shareholders will be compensated for. It just won't be -- it just won't be
accounted for in the current period. Point one.

So that's my answers to how much is the MAX. So that leaves
you with the other piece, which is the operating issues we had this year.
Certainly, there's upside to that. We -- as I mentioned, we have some -- we
have another headwind, which is the contract which caused the -- the contract
negotiations which were related to that issue will result in -- what we really
want to get happen, make happen with this contract for our fleet service and
maintenance team. That will lead to an increase in our costs. So on a
year-over-year basis, I think those things certainly don't have a huge
positive. It's certainly not a positive impact. I'll say it's one versus the
other. But having said all that, I go back to where -- what we said, which is
knowing everything we know at this point, we gave you an EPS estimate that we
believe is our best estimate of where we are at this point, incorporating all
of this.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Dan McKenzie with
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: With respect to the $7 billion liquidity target,
what's the debt profile that you'd like to see before you draw that down? So if
there's $3 billion to $4 billion less debt in 2 years, what liquidity target
might accompany that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, it's a good question, Dan. I
don't have all the answers specifically, but you raise a good point. That
number is based upon -- we work with -- again, there is science, but at the end
of the day, it's -- there's some art as well. But the science is going and
working with some outside investment bankers and running all sorts kind of
Monte Carlo simulation, worst case, make sure under any sort of difficult
situation that we have more than enough to handle that. Those simulations run
with less debt will result in a lower cash balance required. They're not doing
it yet. When they do, we'll continue to look at it. But it's a fair -- but
anyway, you raise a good point. I look forward to the day that that's the
question we're getting from all of our shareholders, which is, "Why are
you holding so much of the cash." But right now, we believe it's prudent.
But there will -- I certainly expect, as we produce the kind of cash flow we
suggested and use it to pay down debt that there will come a time in the future
that we'll -- that number will come down somewhat.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Understood. Okay. Don or Vasu -- Sure.
And then next question here, Don or Vasu, I think you've been really clear that
the growth is focused where you're strong. But as you look at where you're
strong and you look at where you're weak, how do you get more critical mass in
the markets where you're weak? So I guess the question is, could an expanded
codeshare domestically be a solution?

And then kind of separate to that question, I'm just
wondering, just given the Atlantic RASM headwind, I'm just wondering if you
could just -- as a house cleaning question, just sort of comment on when you
think that, that might reverse?

VASU RAJA, SVP OF NETWORK STRATEGY, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Dan, this is Vasu. Let me start, and then Don and others can pick up.
Actually, let me take the second question first, and then I'll do the first
one. So there's certainly a foreign exchange impact in the fourth quarter
transatlantic RASM. But one of the things -- and we've talked about this for a
long time. Certainly, I have, is that as we go and shrink the number of
subfleets, we're turning 767s into 787s. So in the old days of both AMR and US
Airways, we could go into the winters when demand was lower and simply idle
widebodies or widen in the domestic system or things like that. The ownership
of those things was very different. So one of the things which we've been doing
increasingly is going and extending fourth quarter flying on our widebodies.
And the RASMs are down. We've been really pleased with the marginal earnings
from it, right? Of course, we -- the cost of operating a 787 flying Chicago to
Barcelona in the winter is maybe -- it's very, very small, respectively, just
the incremental cost of the fuel burn on the thing. But what we're seeing on it
are marginal RASMs that are in the 75% to 80% range of or otherwise flying in
Transatlantic. And so that's been a really positive development for us. Indeed,
over time, not that long ago, the airline didn't make money flying
Transatlantic in the winter, and now we make money Transatlantic all 12 months
of the year, and we see opportunities to go and do more. And so though we see
this near-term RASM challenge is backed up by something, which is a really
promising sign for future earnings and future network development.

And then, to your earlier point about places where we're
relatively strong or relatively weaker. Look, it remains to be seen. The maybe
more critical point is that in the places where we're strong, and certainly, in
markets like in the Midwest, the Southeast, Florida, things like that, the
Southwest, we -- every chance we've had to grow it, we have been seeing that
the marginal earnings off of that growth has been really attractive. Indeed, it
-- though it is obscured with any number of other things going on, we see
opportunities to be able to grow earnings primarily by being able to do that
organically in the near term.

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don. I'll just talk just about the
Atlantic. Just the way our joint business, as we settled out revenues at the
end of the year, we did have a 3-point headwind on the Atlantic, which we cannot
relate it to the kind of performance. You back that out, our performance is
basically right in line with Delta and United. So I think we're all seeing the
same thing, which is a pretty stable business demand and demand for premium
products that have pretty aggressive pricing at this point in the coach gap.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now take questions
from the media. (Operator Instructions)

And our first question comes from Alison Sider with Wall
Street Journal.

ALISON SIDER, JOURNALIST, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: I was
wondering if you could share if there's any sort of thinking that you have
right now. I know there's a lot of uncertainty, but any contingency plans for a
much longer-term grounding? If this were to continue past mid-year through the
end of the year or even longer, kind of what kind of things would you do
differently? Does that feel like it's a possibility? Is it something you're
kind of gaming out already?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Ali, we aren't at this point. We are
running our airline today without the MAX in service. And if we're going to be
out longer than we anticipate, we will continue to do the same things. We're
not going to have our strategy dictated by when this airplane comes or doesn't
come. We know it will fly again someday. When it does, we'll be ready. In the
meantime, we're going to keep focusing on running a great operation, making
sure that where we are growing, that we're growing, where we can be profitable
and making sure we're generating some free cash flow. But when the FAA decides
the aircraft is ready to fly, we'll be ready -- we will make -- we'll be ready
to get our pods training at the aircraft back up. We're looking forward to
that. But until that time, we'll keep doing exactly what we're doing. And don't
have any plans beyond trying to figure out what happens after that or before
that.

ALISON SIDER: Got it. And do you expect a simulator training
requirement to sort of create a lot of new delays or slow down the return to
service process when it eventually comes?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Go ahead, Rob.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes. We're working really closely with the
FAA in trying to make sure that there's -- all the information is built into
our planning. From what we know right now, we know that there's going to be
simulator -- 737 MAX simulator training required. We are sketching out a number
of different scenarios. And in all of those, we've made sure that American is
sufficiently staffed with resources, simulators and also training resources to
make sure that we can get the aircraft back up as soon as possible once the FAA
and once our pilots and Boeing say the aircraft's ready to go.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Dawn Gilbertson
with USA Today.

DAWN GILBERTSON, JOURNALIST, USA TODAY: My question has to
do with the coronavirus but are kind of on 3 fronts. I know it's early, but are
you guys seeing any booking impact at all? Have you contemplated any travel
waivers for the region?

And lastly, maybe this one is for Robert. What measures is
American taking to protect passengers and crew?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Thanks, Dawn. So first off, we haven't --
it's too soon to see any impact. Our network isn't that extensive in Asia. But
we're on top of it. We're working with CBP, the CDC and public health officials
as well as our medical resources here to make sure that we're following all
best practices. We're doing that with an intent to make sure that we take care
of our customers and team members. We've seen viruses in the past that we've
had to make accommodations for and to be prepared for. We're doing all those
same things right now. And we're going to watch it and make sure that we take
aggressive action if there is a need to.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Leslie Josephs
with CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS, JOURNALIST, CNBC.COM: On the MAX, how has
the grounding affected your hiring plans for this year and going forward? And
when do you expect to be fully over the issues with the MAX, considering or
thinking if Boeing's forecast for midyear FAA ground lifting holds?

ROBERT D. ISOM: So we know -- we're confident that the MAX
will come back. And we plan for the future. And as we take a look out into that
future and where we will be later in 2020, assuming the aircraft comes back in
late summer or early fall or even out into 2021, we are planning and making
sure that we're ready to accommodate those aircraft. The planning cycle for
pilots is a lengthy one. And so we actually have to start hiring 12 months or
more in advance not only to handle growth but also to handle the hundreds of
pilots that are now retiring out of American. We feel really good about that
pilot pipeline. We're going to make it's -- our pilots are our best asset, and
we do a great job in going out and hiring and recruiting the best of the best and
making sure that they're always trained and ready to go. So we're planning well
in advance. We have sufficient number of pilots. And right now, we're not
making any changes to that plan.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: And then the other question about the hold
MAX issue. When do you expect to have your 76? Has Boeing given you any
guidance on that? And when do you expect this whole thing to resolve as Boeing
forecasts for -- the grounding is lifted in the middle of the year and you have
the plane by, let's say, like late summer, early fall?

ROBERT D. ISOM: So right now, all we can tell you is that we
know that we have 24 owned aircraft. And that once the ungrounding is lifted,
we're ready to go with those. In fact, as I mentioned, there's a number of
aircraft that have also been produced. We're hopeful that those would be some
of the first that could be released. But then in terms of future production, we
don't know. And so we'll continue to work very closely with Boeing once the
aircraft is ungrounded. And we're hopeful to get delivery and back to the
levels of flying that we had intended originally.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Okay. And then so no reduction in hiring of
pilots or cabin crews because of the MAX issues?

ROBERT D. ISOM: No.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from David Slotnick
with Business Insider.

DAVID SLOTNICK, JOURNALIST, BUSINESS INSIDER: I know that
you have resolved the worst part of the labor issues that you were experiencing
last spring and into the summer. I just wondered if you had any update on
contract negotiations with mechanics and pilots' unions?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Some. They continue. The National
Mediation Board is overseeing those negotiations. We recently restarted again
after the new year. They continue. And that's the update. The -- we have -- all
parties have agreed at the NMB's request not to discuss those negotiations.
Other than that -- and that's been productive thus far, so we'll abide by that.

DAVID SLOTNICK: Got you. And just quickly, I know you were
talking about the partnership and cosharing with Qantas earlier. Have you seen
any impact because of the fires? Or has it really been too soon for that?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Don, do you want to talk about that?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, yes. So we have started. We've
expanded the codeshare with Qantas. So right now, I think it's still in the
early stages. In terms of performance, obviously, when we look at the
Australian market, we've seen, over the last -- really started about 3 weeks
ago, a bit of a softening in terms of U.S. demand. But overall, I think we're
very happy with the progress we're making with Qantas right now.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Edward Russell
with Points Guy.

EDWARD RUSSELL, JOURNALIST, THEPOINTSGUY.COM: I just wanted
to ask about the fleet plans with the continued MAX grounding. I see you're
continuing with the E190 retirements. And I don't see any other modifications
to the fleet plan to address the fact that the MAXs won't be back in the sky
until at least the summer. Is American considering holding on to the 190s? Or
any other measures to make sure that you can continue to grow due to the MAX?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Right now, the 190s are scheduled to go out
at the end of the summer. That's the game plan. That's the way we've built the
airline. We will make adjustments based on what we hear from Boeing and the
actual timelines as they become more firm. But right now, we anticipate the MAX
coming back late summer, early fall. And we're preparing our airline to that
end.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay. And is it also correct then, since the
retrofits of the 321s and the 737s are going to move forward this -- in the new
-- this year on schedule? I know they were postponed last year due to the MAX.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes. So from the original schedule, we're
probably a year behind. But as we take a look into the year, we will have -- we
restarted the 737 line. We have the 321 prototype done as well. And we will
have a critical mass. I don't know the exact number that we'll have done by
next summer, but it's 115...

DONALD B. CASEY: All the 738s will be done by April of '21,
and then all the 321s will be done by May of '22. And we're going to keep the
line going that entire time. We're not going to pull the line because of the
delay in the MAXs this year. We're going to keep it moving.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes
our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Doug Parker, for any closing remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thank you, all, very much. We
appreciate your interest, and if you have any questions, please let us know.
Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's
conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012320a12986881.781










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (89%); FINANCIAL
RESULTS (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS &
SUPERVISORS (78%); PRICES (78%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); CONFERENCES
& CONVENTIONS (77%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING
(73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (92%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(69%);

WALL STREET JOURNAL (55%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); GS (NYSE) (91%); JPM (NYSE) (83%);
JPM (LSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN
(JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%); SIC6211
SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES,
NEC (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
(83%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (82%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (91%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE
CALLS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%);
PASSENGER & CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS
(78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT
LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 January 31, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
24, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 12899 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Vasu Raja

. - SVP of Network Strategy

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Alison Sider

* Dawn Gilbertson

* Edward Russell

* Tracy Rucinski

Presentation

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by,
and welcome to the Third Quarter 2019 American Airlines Group Inc. Earnings
Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Please be advised that today's
conference is being recorded. (Operator Instructions).

I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker
today, Mr. Dan Cravens. Sir, you may begin.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call.

With us in the room this morning is Doug Parker, Chairman
and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer.
Also in the room for our question-and-answer session are several of our seniors
execs, including Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer; Steve Johnson,
our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People and
Communications; Don Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue Management; as
well as Vasu Raja, our Senior Vice President of Network Strategy.

Like we normally do, Doug will start the call with an
overview of our financial results. Robert will then follow with commentary on
operational performance and our commercial activities for 2019 and 2020. Derek
will then walk us through the details on the third quarter and provide us some
additional information on our guidance for the remainder of the year and some
preliminary guidance for 2020. And then after we hear from those comments,
we'll open the call for analyst questions and lastly, questions from the media.
(Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecast of capacity traffic, load factor, fleet plans and
fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results
to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks and
uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this morning
and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2019.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings release and that can be found in the Investor
Relations section of our website.

A webcast of this call will also be archived on the website.
The information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we
undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us this morning. At this point,
I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining
us. Today we announced pretax earnings, excluding special items of $835 million
or $1.42 per share. That's a 60% increase in year-over-year pretax earnings and
a 20% increase in EPS. But we know these earnings and the increase in earnings
should have been even better.

Our third quarter results reflect 2 major challenges that
impacted our business. First, the 737 MAX fleet remaining grounded throughout
the quarter for us, negatively impacting our pretax earnings by an estimated
$140 million in this quarter alone. Second, we had significant operational
challenges at American in the first half of the quarter as we continue to work
on negotiating an industry-leading contract we want for our TWU and IAM team
members.

As it relates to the 737 MAX, that situation is of course
ongoing. We have 2 goals for the MAX. First, of course, is for Boeing to
complete the FAA's required recertification process and ensure the aircraft is
safely flying again. The second is to ensure that American is compensated for
the loss revenue that the MAX grounding has caused, the missed deadlines and
extended grounding for our customers, our team members and our shareholders. So
we're working to ensure that Boeing's shareholders bear the cost of Boeing's
failures, not American Airlines' shareholders.

Turning now to our second main challenge, the TWU/IAM
contract. We've seen significant improvements in our operational reliability as
our negotiations have resumed. We've been in mediated talks through the
National Mediation Board since early September. Those are our first talks since
April, and both parties have agreed not to discuss the content of those talks
publicly at the request of NMB. But you should know that we're very focused on
reaching an agreement which is fair to all involved and ensures our operation
is back on track.

Now we recognize that beyond these 2 factors, the status quo
is not an option. We're committed to urgently improving performance and
enhancing shareholder value. We've long talked about building the trust of our
stakeholders and creating value for the long term, but we also appreciate that,
in many respects, the long term is now. We know we need to do better, and we
will.

As we near the end of 2019, we're committed to deliver on 3
key areas that will create value for our shareholders in 2020: operational
excellence; efficient and profitable growth; and significant free cash flow
generation. I'll talk a bit about each of those.

First and foremost, we must restore American's operational
reliability to the standards of excellence that our customers and our team
members deserve. Importantly, we believe the issues that impacted our
operations for much of the summer are now behind us. We had an excellent
September and that performance has continued into October.

But 2 months don't make a trend, and we won't rely entirely
on our recent performance or our forward confidence. As Robert will discuss in
more detail, we're executing on specific plans to improve our operating
reliability beyond reaching a labor agreement and specific goals that we will
meet. We simply will not allow our customers and team members to experience
another period like this past summer again.

Second, we're going to grow American's network in 2020 by
approximately 5% through efficient and profitable growth. We anticipate much of
this growth will be added at or above system average unit revenues because it's
driven by gates we've been able to acquire in Dallas/Fort Worth and Charlotte.
These are 2 of our highest margin hubs. And as we've already experienced in DFW
this year, routes that are added into these large connecting hub operations
immediately produce unit revenues in excess of our systemwide average. And it
will be efficient growth. For example, many of the costs of our 737 MAX
aircraft are already in our cost structure. Our operational reliability
improvements will also drive some of the growth, and these improvements
increase flying and reduce cost. Combining those factors with our previously
announced cost initiatives give us confidence that our above-average RASM
growth will be added at below-average incremental unit cost. Derek will provide
some high-level CASM estimates in his remarks and will provide more specific
details on the fourth quarter call once we complete our budgeting process. But
just know, we're excited about our prospects to grow and to grow efficiently
and profitably in 2020.

Lastly and importantly, we are confident we will begin to
produce significant free cash flow for our investors in 2020 and beyond. Much
of that confidence is driven by the earnings improvement we expect from the
first 2 I've just discussed, and we expect those initiatives to improve
profitability over where it would be otherwise. At the same time that's
happening, we are reaching the end of an unprecedented program to invest
capital into American Airlines. The $30 billion in investments we've made over
the past 6 years have been necessary to integrate and upgrade 2 airlines that
have suffered a lack of investment and most importantly, to modernize an aging
fleet. That work is now done, and we anticipate our CapEx requirements will
fall from the over $5 billion per year average over the past 6 years to $3.7
billion in 2020, $2.1 billion in 2021 and should average approximately $3
billion thereafter. What that means for our investors is if our estimated 2019
earnings are unchanged in both '20 and '21, and this is not an earnings
forecast, just an earnings constant analysis, then our free cash flow would be
approximately $2.5 billion in 2020 and $3 billion in 2021. That's $5.5 billion
in free cash flow in just 2 years at a company that has a current market capitalization
of approximately $12.5 billion or a 44% free cash flow yield over just 2 years.
And again, that's on constant 2019 earnings. None of us would be pleased with
constant 2019 earnings in 2020 and 2021.

So as we said in the past, as we generate that significant
free cash flow, we will naturally delever our balance sheet. We'll repay debt
as it comes due, and the need to raise new debt to finance new aircraft will
now be much lower. We anticipate that decline in adjusted debt will be
significant. We expect adjusted net debt will fall by approximately $3 billion
to $4 billion in the next 2 years and by $8 billion to $10 billion over the
next 5 years.

And we will, of course, continue to return cash in excess of
our needs to our shareholders. Entering a period of significant free cash flow
generation will facilitate that initiative.

So in summary, we're pleased the 2 large issues that have
impacted our performance should be addressed as we enter 2020, but we are not
of the view that correcting those 2 items alone are sufficient for our
customers, our team members or our shareholders. As it relates to our
shareholders, for example, we know we have a profitability margin gap versus
our large competitor, and we're committed to narrow that gap in 2020 and beyond.
We're excited about our prospects for the future and are grateful to the
130,000 hardworking team members of American Airlines and the amazingly great
work they do every day to take care of our customers.

With that, I'll turn it over to Robert Isom.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'll add my thanks to
our team members for doing a great job of taking care of millions of customers
during the busy summer travel period. Their hard work was instrumental in our
ability to generate record revenue in the third quarter and grow margins,
despite the challenges that Doug highlighted. Importantly, we continue to
execute on a number of initiatives to improve the trajectory of our business
going forward.

As we look at our business, the economy is strong, and the
demand for our product remains robust. And we look forward to a strong holiday
season. We reported another quarterly record with third quarter revenue of
$11.9 billion, 3% higher than the third quarter of 2018. This also marks the
12th consecutive quarter of unit revenue growth, and we expect to produce our
13th next quarter. Derek will talk more about the revenue environment in his
remarks.

Global sales and distribution continue to win in the
marketplace. During the quarter, corporate revenue growth outpaced system
revenue growth on healthy corporate demand, a great result given our
operational challenges.

As we look at our operations, we have already seen a
significant improvement in our operating reliability. Since June, we have seen
consistent month-over-month improvement. And for the full third quarter, our
on-time metrics improved at both our mainline and regional operations. In fact,
our September on-time arrival performance or A14 was the seventh best month in
American's history and our best A14 performance since November of 2017. As Doug
mentioned, this improvement continues into October.

We continue to strengthen our operations with ongoing
enhancements, including retiring older aircraft, simplifying our fleet and
schedule and fortifying our maintenance and airport resources. Our underlying
execution is solid, and we are committed to returning American to a position of
operational excellence. And as a result, we expect our 2020 completion factor
to increase by 1 to 2 percentage points and a significant improvement in all
reliability metrics, including on-time performance, baggage handling and
customer satisfaction.

We know we can't allow customers and our team members to
experience another period like this past summer ever again. So if for some
unforeseen events in 2020 lead us to question our ability to meet our
reliability standards, we will reduce our schedule rather than let our
operations become the buffer. We don't believe that will be required, of
course, but we also know it's a commitment we need to make to ensure that we
restore operational excellence.

Now with respect to the MAX, we have extended the -- our
cancellations through January 15. We continue to work closely with the FAA and
Boeing and have built flexibility into that date. Regardless of when the
aircraft is recertified, we plan to be prudent as we reintroduce the MAX back
into our network. Before it begins commercial service, we will continue our
collaboration with the APA and APFA, accomplish training and conduct multiple
flights with our pilots, flight crews, executives and other team members to
make sure that we are all comfortable that the aircraft is ready for our
customers. And only then will we gradually place the aircraft back into our
schedule.

As part of our phased approach to reintroducing the 24 MAX
aircraft that we have in storage today, we'll begin with 5 aircraft flying in
the first 2 weeks. That's 20 departures per day. Two weeks later, we'll add 12
more aircraft. The remaining 7 will be phased into service 2 weeks after that.
And we'll add additional MAX aircraft as they become available. And note, by
year-end 2020, we had planned to take delivery of an additional 26 MAX aircraft
for a total of 50 in our fleet. While 10 of those 26 aircraft have been built,
we don't know exactly when they'll be delivered or when the remainder will be
built.

Restoration of operating reliability will drive customer
satisfaction, but there's much, much more that we're doing to make the journey
more efficient, easier and more enjoyable for our customers. In fact, here are
several enhancements that launched in the third quarter which demonstrate a
steady and consistent focus on improving the customer experience. First off, we
put -- we've added rich digital content, which has helped drive a 25%
year-on-year improvement in premium economy ticket sales on aa.com. We've
created unique opportunities for our customers to upsell into the premium
cabin, thereby significantly growing its ancillary revenue. An improved system
that makes it easier for families to secure seats together has been added. And
we've recently launched the board now notification to reduce the wait time at
gates for customers. And we're speeding customers to boarding through biometric
boarding at DFW for international departures.

And when there are disruptions, we've added the ability for
customers to change flights or receive compensation before traveling to the
airport. And we've automated hotel, meal and transportation vouchers delivered
electronically to customers during disruptions. The steady stream of
customer-focused deliveries provide a better experience for our customers, for
our team members and certainly better results for our shareholders. We have a
pipeline of additional customer-friendly features that we expect to launch in
2020.

The foundation of customer preference begins with our
network. We continue to be extremely excited after seeing the results from our
network expansion plans, with growth targeted at our most profitable hubs. This
effort began in May where we added 100 daily departures out of our DFW hub.
With nearly 2 full quarters under our belt, the results have exceeded our
initial expectations.

During the third quarter, we grew domestic capacity at DFW
by 9% and produced PRASM growth at the hub of 3.5%. This is the largest
capacity expansion at any company in the United States in more than a decade
and sets the stage for additional planned expansion next year in Charlotte and
at Reagan National in 2021.

On partnership side, late in the quarter, LATAM notified us
of their intention to leave the oneworld alliance to form a relationship with
Delta. While that's disappointing, but not surprising given the regulatory
challenge our proposed joint venture faced, our vast South American network
will ensure that we recapture the majority of the potential codeshare revenue
on our own aircraft. And that's already proving to be the case. There has been
no revenue impact since the announcement. American remains the largest U.S.
carrier to Latin and South America, and we're committed to providing the best
service to the region for our customers. Recently, we announced additional
frequencies between Miami and Lima, S?o Paulo and Santiago. And we're confident
that with the strength of our network, we'll attract other partners to -- in
the region.

In the Pacific, we're moving quickly to realize the
opportunities provided by our new joint business agreement with Qantas. It was
approved by the DOT in July. This agreement allows for commercial integration
between American and Qantas, delivering new routes and ultimately, significant
customer benefits, including more seamless integration when traveling on the
American and Qantas networks.

So in conclusion, we have a great foundation built, and our
core business is strong. We made investments to improve the product. Our fleet
renewal is -- program is nearing completion, and we continue to refine our
network to add margin accretive growth. We're confident that we'll deliver
improved results in 2020 and beyond to benefit our shareholders, our customers
and team members.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek.

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Thanks, Robert, and good morning, everyone. During the quarter, we
were able to grow our both pretax margin and earnings per share for the second
successive quarter. Our third quarter results came in towards the high end of
the guidance range we provided in July.

For the third quarter, our pretax profit, excluding net
special items, was $835 million, resulting in a pretax margin, excluding
special items, of 7% compared to 6.2% in 2018. Our third quarter 2019 net
profit, excluding net special items, was $630 million, a 15% increase over the third
quarter of 2018. And our diluted earnings per share, excluding net special
items in the third quarter, was $1.42 per share, up 20% or -- from $1.19 per
diluted share in the third quarter of 2018.

As Robert mentioned, the revenue environment remains strong,
with third quarter top line growth of 3%. Passenger revenues grew by 4.1% to
$11 billion, a record for the third quarter. Latin was the best-performing
entity during the third quarter, with year-over-year unit revenue improvement
of 5.9%. Brazil and Mexico led the way with double-digit improvements in yield,
while we improve load factor in the entity overall by 6.5 points.

Pacific unit revenue also continues to show improvement
aided by our China restructuring last year, with unit revenue up 1.6%. Specifically,
Japan and Australia were up year-over-year, while we face challenges in Hong
Kong and Korea.

Atlantic unit revenue declined by 4.6%. This decline was
driven by transfer payments related to our joint business agreement of about
2.3 points and currency effect of about 1 point.

International point-of-sale remains challenging, but we
successfully shifted the North American point-of-sale and grew load factor by
3.2 points.

Domestically, we saw and continue to see broad-based
strength with unit revenue growth of 4% and improved unit revenue across every
hub. We continue to see weakness in our cargo business. Weaker demand due to
trade concerns across the system drove cargo yields lower by 4% for the
quarter. When combined with year-over-year international schedule reductions,
the result was cargo revenues fell 19.9% to $208 million.

Total operating expense in the third quarter were up 2.1% at
$11.1 billion. When fuel and special items were excluded, our unit cost
increased in the third quarter by 4.8% compared to 2018 due primarily to higher
salaries and benefits, maintenance and regional expense and lower-than-planned
capacity.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with
approximately $8 billion in total available liquidity, well above our target
liquidity balance of $7 billion. During the third quarter, we paid dividends of
$44 million and repurchased $200 million of stock or 7.3 million shares.

As Doug talked about, we have begun to delever the balance
sheet as our CapEx requirements have reduced this year.

We expect our adjusted debt position, including pensions, to
decrease by $1.5 billion this year.

On October 10, we announced we had removed the 737 MAX from
our schedules through January 15, 2020. We now expect the 737 MAX grounding
will have a negative full year 2019 pretax income impact of approximately $540
million based primarily on lost revenue from schedule reductions.

Now that we have removed the MAX from 2019, we expect
capacity growth of approximately 2.7% for the fourth quarter and 1% for the
full year. This is less than half the full year capacity growth we had expected
at the start of 2019. Despite this capacity level, our expectations for full
year cost per ASM, excluding fuel and special items, is unchanged from previous
guidance at approximately up 4%.

For the fourth quarter, we continue to expect that our CASM,
excluding fuel and special items, will grow by approximately 3%, despite the
additional reduction in ASMs due to the MAX grounding in the fourth quarter.

Looking forward, we see no signs of macro softness in our
forward bookings. We expect domestic demand to remain robust and Latin to again
be the best-performing international entity. We expect our fourth quarter
year-over-year TRASM to be flat to up 2% and PRASM to be about 1 point better
than TRASM. We also expect that our pretax margin, excluding net special items,
to be between 5% and 7%, the midpoint of which would represent the third
consecutive quarter of pretax margin expansion.

Given our expectations for the fourth quarter, we believe
that our full year earnings per diluted share, excluding net special items,
will be between $4.50 and $5.50. We have tightened the top end of our previous
guidance of $4.50 to $6 per share due to the additional $140 million reduction
in earnings from the deferral of the MAX in 2020.

Our total projected capital expenditures for 2019 is
expected to be $4.3 billion, comprised of $1.7 billion in non-aircraft CapEx
and $2.7 billion in aircraft CapEx. The slight change from previous guidance is
due to the timing of the MAX deliveries moving from 2019 to 2020.

Finally, I would like to give some preliminary guidance for
2020. We're still working on the final budget, and there is still a measure of
uncertainty over when our MAX aircraft will be introduced to service and new
aircraft delivered and available for use in our fleet. As Doug mentioned, we
plan to grow our network with efficient and profitable growth. At this point,
we anticipate total 2020 year-over-year capacity growth of approximately 5%. It
is higher than the year-over-year 2020 growth we had anticipated at the
beginning of 2019, but is entirely due to the grounding of the MAX and the
cancellations resulting from the disruption of our operations, which reduced
capacity in 2019. Importantly, our year-end 2020 absolute capacity is in line
with our expectations from the beginning of 2019. Given this capacity guidance,
we have tightened our estimate for CASM, ex fuel, special items and new labor
agreements, to be approximately flat in 2020.

With that, we'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator and to begin the question-and-answer session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And our first question
comes from Joseph DeNardi from Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm wondering if you
could just talk about kind of expectations for earnings next year. If you've
lost $500 million or $600 million from the MAX and maybe a couple hundred million
more from the mechanics issues, how much of that can you kind of recapture next
year? Why shouldn't kind of the base level of earnings for the business be
somewhere closer to $4 billion next year?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure, Joe. I mean again, we will be
able to give you much better guidance as we -- our budgeting process has just
begun, so we can do a better job of giving you estimates next quarter. But the
2 headwinds that you mentioned that we faced this year certainly should not be
headwinds next year in the amounts you described. The one issue I would just
pull a little bit down is the MAX. Again, they don't -- they're not all back in
January 1, as Robert described, they phase in over the course of the year. So
to the extent whatever that headwind was in 2019, I don't think you should
build all that in for 2020. But on a run rate earnings, you're right. And
again, I'm not by any means trying to give you an earnings estimate, but
absolutely agree that whatever earnings are going to be in 2019, they're going
to be a good bit better, they're going to be better for the 2 reasons you
suggested.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then you've never really
talked about the free cash flow outlook that bullishly, I don't think, in terms
of how much it is relative to your market cap. I just want to make sure I kind
of understand. I mean from a leverage standpoint, nothing has changed. The
leverage will kind of come down naturally, but we should assume that the free
cash flow is primarily used to repurchase stock. Is that the idea going
forward?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Again, let me expand a little
bit then. You're right, we haven't disclosed the numbers, Joe, really, I mean
not because they're dramatically different than we would have said in the past,
they're just now here. We've consistently said in the past that we're going
through a period of high CapEx. Once we get through it, you should expect to
see us generate free cash flow. And when we do that, you'll see us naturally
delever. All of those statements, I -- hopefully you would agree we've always
said. What we haven't been able to do or haven't wanted to do really is tell
you that 3 years from now, here's what those numbers will be. And now as it's
just upon us and as that free cash flow gets generated in 2020, we can give you
more clarity on that, so we're happy to. The $5.5 billion of free cash that I
mentioned again is simple math on steady state earnings. We can all decide what
earnings might be as we go forward, but that's what that is. And again, we
certainly aren't going to be happy if 2019 earnings are the earnings in 2021.

The debt paydown numbers that I gave you are reasonably
simple math. Just looking at what we know amortizes over the 2 years and what
we believe we need to add, as we do have additional requirements, but
obviously, the amortizations exceed the requirements. So that's -- that number,
again, is nothing -- it is a number we feel comfortable giving because it's
what the math is telling us.

And then to your point, to the extent that first number, the
free cash flow generation is greater than our needs to run the airline and
retire debt, we believe that cash certainly in excess of our very high cash
balances is best used by returning it to our shareholders. It's their cash. Us
holding more than we need is a horrible use of capital, and we should return
that to you as efficiently as possible. When we believe in stocks and their
value, we should do that by repurchasing our shares. So that's what you should
expect to see from us.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski from
Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, I guess just looking back on the
last couple years, I mean I understand that the MAX definitely was quite
disruptive this year. And you guys do have some good things going on in the
network. But even giving credit for that, it does look like your op income is
still down on like a 2-year basis in what's been a pretty robust economy. And
not that we're necessarily comping every day to your peers, but their op income
is up in that same time period. So what -- retrospectively looking forward,
what can change in this dynamic where American can start to really leverage the
economy?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. Thanks, Brandon. Again without
having those numbers in front of me, what I do know is first off, I would
always argue that for airlines, operating income is a tough measure to look at.
If you're trying to really look at just the operating performance, I'd
encourage you to look at EBITDAR. I know we always encourage you to capitalize
our operating leases on the balance sheet. And you should do the same thing by
not including the operating leases in your operating cash flows. It makes a
difference. So when you do look at -- so all I'd suggest to you, without even
looking at the numbers myself is part of what you're seeing in deterioration
relative to others is what I just talked about, which is our fleet
modernization, which is now done versus theirs, which is about to come. But
putting that aside, I don't disagree with your point, and none of us should,
that we've underperformed elsewhere, not just in the ownership cost. And look,
the -- as we look to that, the primary reason is related to the issues we
talked about. We've seen our properly adjusted and stage-leap adjusted unit
revenue gap, certainly, versus Delta which was widening as we -- through every
year since the -- I'm sorry, which was narrowing every year since the merger,
starting to widen in the last 6 quarters. And that's not what it should be
doing. We should be narrowing that gap, not widening it. Again there are a
number of reasons as to why it is, but the biggest ones tend to be that we
haven't executed on our operation. But by the way, there's no doubt the 737 MAX
issue certainly has led to the widening of that gap. But look, as opposed to
trying to explain what it is, what I'll tell you is we're committed to
narrowing it going forward and we feel very good about that, Brandon.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. I appreciate that, Doug. And
I mean the relationship still kinds of hold on an EBITDAR basis, but that's
understood.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Fair enough.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: I guess on the upside, though, you
guys did call out, I think Dallas in the second quarter RASM being up 1.5
points. I think now you're talking about, and correct me if I'm wrong, but the
hub being up about 3.5 points in the third quarter. So looks like maybe
incrementally, as your hub's scaling here, it's getting better performance, is
that right? And do we think that Charlotte can be the same in 2020?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Vasu Raja's here. We'll let him take
that one, Brandon.

VASU RAJA, SVP OF NETWORK STRATEGY, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Yes, and so a little bit of the effect that you see is really the effect
of the peak of the summer happening more in the third quarter. That said, we do
see a significant benefit. As we improve the connectivity of our hubs, we see
that not only the marginal revenues of our new flying is coming in well above
the system average, it's having a meaningful impact on all the flights that
remain. So for example, the new flights -- the new routes that we added and the
new frequencies came in at a 85-plus-percent marginal PRASM, and we were
expecting them to come in at 75%. So it has a meaningful impact on our big
trunk routes, DFW-LA, DFW-Vegas. We do anticipate an effect like that in
Charlotte. And indeed, we expect a meaningful effect in Charlotte because while
we grow the hub and departures and improve its connectivity, we'll also upgauge
the hubs, so we'll have more seats on all of those really advantaged
connections.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker from JP
Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Nice to hear the
renewed vigor. Are there any triggers with Boeing in the contract or
potentially with lessors that would allow you to alter the delivery schedule
once the MAX pipeline resumes? Also on the 5% capacity growth, what metrics do
you look towards next year in determining if that's the right rate? For
example, would you tolerate margin contraction in 2020? After all, with the
pace of the buyback, you could still see CASM earnings growth and free cash
flow, but at lower margins. Would that be deemed acceptable by the team?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Let me try and then others can chime
in if I don't have it right. Irrespective what the contract may or may not do,
we want these airplanes. I mean we want -- we've bought -- we have -- if we
could be flying them all today, we -- that's what we'd be doing. So as soon as
they can be -- as soon as they are certified and have got pilots trained, we'd
like to get them in service as quickly as possible. What Robert described here
is what we believe is as quickly as possible. So that -- and that's what we
think the right thing to do is, so we're not looking to change the delivery
schedule. Indeed if anything, we'd like to accelerate the delivery schedule. We
feel really good about our growth prospects. Second part of the question, I'm
sorry, I think I might have answered already, but go ahead. What was it again?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Yes, would you tolerate margin
contraction next year? After all, and not to devolve into a modeling
discussion, but if you still get the earnings growth and free cash at lower
margins, would you accept that outcome?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, we?re not -- anyway, we're
going to try and maximize value at all times, not so much try to manage
earnings as much as maximizing value. We believe the way to maximize value is
to continue to expand our network. We have fewer airplanes today than we would
like. That's a rare situation for American Airlines. But I'm telling you, every
meeting we have with our planning team, they're looking -- they're on the table
asking for more aircraft, not fewer. We want to get those airplanes into the
system. Again this is not -- this is a growth you should be happy about that
we're pounding the table for. This is in our core markets. Filling out
something that is very rarely able -- we're able to do, we just take hubs like
Dallas/Fort Worth and Charlotte where we have gates and add more flights into
those hubs. That's really, really good growth. And we want to do it as quickly
as we can. And irrespective of what that may do to the next year's margins or
earnings, I don't know. But I know it's the right decision for our
shareholders.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. And second question, does the free
cash flow commentary for 2020 include or is it predicated on Boeing
compensation?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: It is not, though, because again, I
told you -- again, what it's predicated on is, to be crystal clear, it's
predicated on flat earnings year-over-year. So that's what it is. And again,
that's not an earnings forecast. It's just -- it's giving you a free cash flow
number. If we have flat earnings, you should do your own earnings forecast.
We'll do our best to give you better guidance on that next quarter.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Darryl Genovesi
from Vertical Research Partners.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH
PARTNERS, LLC: Derek, if I just take your $540 million number from the MAX hit
that you laid out, I assume -- I mean some of that -- I think some of that
would probably reverse in 2020, even if the MAX doesn't come back at all just
because it's no longer a surprise that you don't have it. Is that accurate? And
can you help us break out sort of the impact of having to sort of manage the
schedule on a day-to-day basis the way you did versus the impact of just having
less capacity overall? Does that make sense?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, I think so. And I think I understand the
reverse side of it. What we have to remember is, I mean this is really total
revenue that we lost on this is about $700 million; if you take the proposal,
that's the $540 million. So really, we were lower ASMs by about 1.8%. So we
just didn't fly those ASMs, right. We don't get those back. So that revenue
doesn't come back. Now the expenses that we had and we spent on there, those
are going to be there, so you should not see -- when we put this growth back
in, you shouldn't see the CASM go up as much because of the fact that the
expenses were already there. So the $540 million is really a number where you
take about $700 million of revenue due to the not flying, offset by some cost,
that gets you there. And you're right, the costs that are embedded in the
airlines today are here already to fly the aircraft when they come. So that
should be -- I shouldn't have to add those cost as those planes come back in.
And I think that's what you're asking, right?

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Actually, I was kind of asking more
about the scenario where you sort of don't -- you kind of don't get it back,
right. I mean suppose January 15 ends up being way optimistic, I'm just try to
get a sense of how much I should expect this flat CASM, ex guide to move around
based on the fact that I think there are probably, for instance, I mean you're
probably not going to be asking pilots to bid on schedules and getting hit by
that to the extent that you did early on in this process. And so I guess I was
thinking that there's probably some CASM ex-relief associated with just not kind
of having to manage things on a day-to-day like that -- day-to-day basis like
that.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, you're definitely right on that. This is
assuming the MAX coming back at the schedule that Robert had talked about.
There could be changes to that just depending as we go forward. But this is
assuming the MAX schedule that Robert talked about where they phase back in
into the early part of the year and the deliveries do come in.

ROBERT D. ISOM: And Darryl, I'll just add that the pilots
are here, the flight attendants are here, the gates are here. So for the most
part, we're ready to fly these aircraft. If we were to hear something from
Boeing that was just incremental changes, there's not a heck of a lot that you
can build in. To the extent that there would be something to say, give us much
more visibility long into the future, of course we would make adjustments. But
right now, it's really just around the edges that we can cut back.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Okay. And have you slowed your
hiring at all, in anticipation that this keeps -- that this continues to
linger?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We slowed our hiring early in the
fall here, but then we're hiring back up to meet the schedule needs for early
part of '20 -- early part of the first quarter. So we're back making sure that
we can fly the schedule that Robert talked about with the aircraft coming back,
so that when they come back, we're ready to roll.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Hunter Keay from
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I actually have a
question for Derek and a question for Vasu. Derek, can you just help me
understand the accounting of how you guys will realize the concession payments
from Boeing? Don't care how much it's going to be, just want to know if it's
going to impact the P&L, is my main question.

DEREK J. KERR: We do not have an answer on that yet. It all
depends on how we get it back. The accounting is if you get it against the aircraft
price, that would just go into reduced aircraft price and wouldn't hit the
P&L. If it comes back as lost earnings, it possibly could hit the P&L.
So we do not know yet. We're in negotiations with Boeing and have continued to
talk with them. And as we continue to go through that, we will update everybody
on where it will hit the P&L and if it will hit the P&L and what that
number is going to be.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, great. And then Vasu, the 5%
capacity growth, I'm surprised that's so low. It implies only about 3.5% core
growth in 2020. Can you help me -- can you peel that back for me a little bit?
I mean how is it so low? And maybe you can talk about mix of domestic and
international gauge anything like that. I was expecting you guys to show more like
4%, 5% sort of core growth. So is that a conservative number? Any color on that
will be great from your perspective.

VASU RAJA: Yes, Hunter, first of all, we're still working
through our high level of operations for next year. But I'd say the simple way
to think of it is that about 1.5 points of it or so is just the bring back of
the MAX. The remainder of it is the growth of our core business. And of that
remainder, it's pretty evenly split between just a variety of gauge initiatives
and actual departure-based growth.

As far as domestic-international split, we're still kind of
working through that right now. Of course, we've announced a lot of
international routes, so you can probably back solve for some of it. But we
anticipate that domestic will moderately outgrow international, but it'll be
pretty close. But we're refining it more and should have more in the next
quarter.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Duane
Pfennigwerth from Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI INSTITUTIONAL
EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Derek, sorry if I didn't hear it correctly, but
does your flat CASM outlook or preliminary flat CASM outlook include or exclude
new labor agreements?

DEREK J. KERR: It excludes labor agreements.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. And how would you handicap
probabilities, and I know you don't want to talk about terms, but timing on
mechanics and pilots next year?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Duane, it's Doug on that one. Again
as I said in my comments, we have agreed at the NMB's request not to discuss
where we are in negotiation, when that starts to do it. I know it's important
to you. We'll -- hopefully you understand, we're much more focused on getting
the negotiations done and don't want to jeopardize that. So if you don't mind,
we'll just tell you that we're happy we're in negotiations, we're happy that
the NMB has asked us, both sides, not to talk about it. We think that helps the
negotiations rather than hurt them, and we don't want to violate that. When we
do have a contract, we will absolutely let you know the answers to those
questions.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Totally fair. Sorry for asking.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: No, nothing wrong.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Appreciate the surprise that was
kind of dumped on you by the Chilean courts, which catalyzed this change with
LATAM. But can talk about how you're going to replace that feed? For example,
would you envision a JV across multiple airlines in South America?

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'll go ahead and start on that. The great
news is that our network, by far, the best in the South America. There's a lot
that we can do to augment that on our own. And while again, LATAM was
disappointing, you also have to realize the nature of what that was and what
could be. So for now, customers are choosing to purchase American and to fly
American. And as we take a look at what goes forward, of course, that network
we have in South America is going to be really attractive to a lot of partners.
And so we're busy working and exploring and evaluating the opportunities that
are out there right now. So good things to come.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Savi Syth from
Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a question on the international
growth here in the Transatlantic. I recognize you had some individual items and
FX that was kind of hurting it. What's driving kind of the double-digit
increase? And would you expect that to moderate given the unit revenue
pressures?

VASU RAJA: Yes, this is Vasu. Look, a lot of what's really
driving our capacity growth, our growth is just simply the growth of capacity.
As Derek mentioned in his opening remarks, in the last year, we did a lot to go
and restructure our international network. We cut something in the order of 17
or 18 routes across the system that were really long-term money losers, and we
turned them into 22 new routes, much of which was growth in Transatlantic and
all of which has come in at a really attractive revenue clip. There have been
some issues in 3Q with foreign exchange and things like that, as Derek
mentioned, but the marginal profitability of the routes we've added in
Transatlantic have been pretty impressive, and indeed, year-to-date our
Transatlantic unit revenues on an absolute basis have been higher than they've
been at any point since the merger. So we're encouraged by it. It's been really
great utilization for our airplanes and altogether margin positive for us.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: And then if I may ask another
network type question. Just curious on your view on Chicago. You've made some
changes there and one of your competitors is definitely kind of refocused in
that hub. And now as they kind of introduce the 550, some of the leadership
that you had with some of the, kind of the taking advantage of your larger
grade regional aircraft opportunity there, that advantage seems to be eroding
as we look forward in the network. Any thoughts on how you view kind of the
performance in Chicago and your positioning in Chicago?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, we're actually really excited for our
future in Chicago on a number of levels. I think for one, and I've talked about
this probably in lot of forums, removing Chicago to Asia for us has been
actually a big benefit to the Chicago hub. A lot of that was not just
unprofitable flying in and of itself, it was claiming space off of domestic
airplanes and things like that, that could have otherwise gone to other
customers in the Chicago local market or people connecting from other parts of
the business. So that alone has been a big change in Chicago. And also as we
look forward, though our principal competitor there is indeed rolling out the
new product, the reality is we still will be able to offer more first-class
seats to the Chicago customer. We absolutely intend to continue doing that. One
of the major things that we're excited for, as we go into next year and work
through the MAX situation, is that we'll have a lot more flexibility to do
things like bring the A319 in Chicago, which will enable us to kind of up-gauge
regional jet markets, to vary our capacity more through day of week and to
create a lot of variability in the schedule that ultimately goes and attracts
the key business customers in the Chicago and Greater Midwest area that our
principal competitor seems to be targeting. So we very much like our chances
out there. We very much will continue to do that. And even going forward
looking longer run, as we ourselves continue aggressively replace single class,
50-seat RJs with 2-class airplanes, Chicago will be a place where we'll
continue to thrive and be able to produce improving results.

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Yes, this is Don. I'll just add one more data point framing. We
really outperformed in the domestic business in the third quarter. We had [ERV
of 4%] and our best performing hub for unit revenue was Chicago.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani from
Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Doug, a question for you. I appreciate the
enthusiasm this morning, but what makes this time different versus before? I
mean we've heard relatively bullish pitches from you at analyst day down in
Dallas a couple of years ago. So what stands out this time versus then to sort
of get the buy-in from investors and analysts alike?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Look, one you haven't heard from us
before of these cash flow initiatives -- or the cash flow, I'm sorry,
generation, because we couldn't say it before. Again it's not anything I feel
particularly badly about. We needed to invest in this company. And we described
at the time to investors that it was going to be significant. And the reality
is, while we were making record profits, we weren't generating cash flow
because we were spending it on upgrading our fleet. Of that $31 billion I
talked about, in the last 6 years, $23 billion of that was spent on new
airplanes. So that's behind us. So that's the new message. I don't know -- I
don't think it's a change in bullishness. It's a new message and one that I
think is important to our investors. So that's point one.

And the other -- only other -- what I'd add to the
bullishness piece is our bullishness at the moment is not driven by us seeing
anything differently than anyone else. It's driven by our absolute
understanding that we -- our earnings this year were hindered by 2
circumstances that we fully expect to be behind us early in 2020. And our
commitment to ensure that we have operational excellence and the growth
prospects in, all of that has me excited. You should draw your own conclusions,
but that's where we are.

RAJEEV LALWANI: That's helpful. And then as a follow-up,
this may for Derek as well. Broadly on labor, I don't want to talk about
specific contracts, but broadly on labor, do believe that you've got to step up
wages to get the buy-in of employees? I mean that was sort of the strategy at
United. It seems to be successful for now. But maybe I'm not thinking about it
or approaching it the right way that, that may be needed to deliver on some of
what you're describing.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, look, as we talk to our
employees, the biggest thing we need to do for our team is provide a reliable
operation. We -- and thanks to some great frontline leadership have done a
really nice job of taking care of our team. We have, as you are well aware,
needed to increase compensation across the board to get our wage levels to
where their peers in other airlines are, because they certainly deserve to be
paid really as much or more as those that are doing similar jobs at other
airlines. But the issue we're dealing with now as it relates to the team is we
need to give them the tools they need to do their job, which they do so
incredibly well. That's go and take care of customers, and we haven't been
doing that. When we don't run, we don't have operational excellence, our team
ends up bearing the brunt of it. They end up not being where they're supposed
to be. They end up having mandatory overtime. They end up having unhappy
customers, all of which impacts the run-off. So what we know, and one -- and as
important as operational excellence is to our customers and to our
shareholders, it's really important to our team. And that's all of those
reasons why we're so committed to making sure it happens. And we believe doing
that will do more for our team than anything else we can do right now.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Mike Linenberg from
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, 2 quick questions here, I
guess on fleet. Doug, the $8 billion to $10 billion reduction in net debt over
the next 5 years, presumably there's no major fleet decision for American,
probably out until '24, '25, that's kind of implicit in that. And if that is
the case, what is the next aircraft type in the fleet that you're looking at
that you would then have to address? What's the timing on that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'm going to let Derek answer that.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, Mike, we will have -- the MD-80s will
have gone out, the A190s will have gone out of the fleet, the 760s will have
were gone out of the feet, 75s will eventually go out of the fleet. So the next
real big decision for us is in the A319 category. Everything else will -- those
aircraft are on average 15 years today. So as you said, we don't have any
decision to make until '25 time frame. We might talk earlier. But I think it's
really in that category, the 319 category, and what would be the replacement
for that in our 320s at the bottom end, 150-seat range to 130-seat range.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: :

And Mike, I also had a data point for you and everyone else.
As we look at our fleet now, only 10% of our fleet, only 10% of our fleet is 20
years or older as compared -- contrasted to our 2 largest competitors who have
about 1/3 of their fleets 20 years or older. So anyway, it'll be a while. We
feel very good and indeed over half of our fleet is 0 to 10 years. So we --
again, it took us a lot to get there and we had to spend a lot to do it. But we
feel really good about where we are with our fleet and certainly relative to
our cash needs versus our competitors going forward.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Agreed. Great position to be in. And
then just my second follow up, on the A321neos, I mean you're obviously taking
delivery of them now and into 2020. Given that you are, I think Airbus', you
may be their largest customer for the A320 family right now just looking at
your fleet and the potential, any chance that you can have those airplanes
deliver out of Mobile rather than Europe as we move forward?

DEREK J. KERR: So yes, I would say -- this is Derek. And we
have already a schedule out through the mid of 2020, where we'll have 9 coming
out of Mobile, 6 of them are Hamburg today, and then we have still 6 to be
determined. So we'll do everything we can. We have 21 deliveries in the next 2
years. We're doing everything we can to talk to Airbus to try to get them out
of Mobile and make sure that those aircraft come from that manufacturing
facility instead of Hamburg. But as of today, of the 21 we have coming, 6 come
from Hamburg, 9 from Mobile and 6 yet to be determined which are late in 2020,
that we'll continue to work to get those out of Mobile.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: But, Mike, implicit in your
question, I think, is that if we didn't do that, that we would be paying the
tariff as...

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Yes.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, you didn't say that, let me
just assume you did.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Yes, definitely.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: The -- yes, no, look, the -- we
know, don't think, no, that the USTR placed the tariff at the level it did to
ensure that the burden didn't get borne by U.S. airlines, but by the French. So
we are happy to work with Airbus to mitigate that amount. But I don't think you
should assume that if it's not mitigated, that American Airlines would be where
it's borne.

Having said that, what we really hope is that we never get
to that point. The answer to this is not to keep escalating and having tariffs
on both side. The answer to this is for the European commission and the USTR to
sit down and work this out in a way that doesn't have tariffs going both ways.
But if they can't do that, this -- again, we are certain that the goal of the
USTR was not to have these tariffs paid by U.S. airlines and then passed on to
the U.S. citizens.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Helane Becker from
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just had 2 questions. My first question
is with respect to how you're intending to use Envoy and some of your other
regional airlines for the capacity growth that you're doing in Dallas and
Charlotte. And then my other follow-up question is, as you think about growing
Latin America, which you've talked about in your prepared remarks relative to
taking up that capacity that you're kind of losing with LATAM, is there space
at Miami that do the same thing you're doing in Charlotte, DCA and in Dallas?

VASU RAJA: Helane, this is Vasu. Let me get your questions
in reverse order. First of all, space in Miami, yes, we have the space in Miami
to grow in any number of ways, adding the 3 flights that Robert mentioned
earlier is all accommodated within the capacity footprint that we have there.
We have a really great position in Miami, a really great relationship with
Miami airport and community at large. And so we -- the way we see this, as
Robert said, that we will always have the biggest and the best Latin American
network. It is at the very heart of our competitive advantage as an airline.
And that's one thing that even through all of this stuff, we will continue to
do and will continue to be able to go and operate in Miami and grow there.
Though it doesn't have the profitability of markets like DFW and Charlotte,
there are routes out of Miami that are among -- are most critical for our
customers and certainly certain days of week and times of year, it's a really
attractive marketplace for us. And you'll see us take full advantage of that in
the year ahead.

To your first question about Envoy growth, which I think in
part you meant Envoy, and maybe larger you meant kind of regional versus
mainline. I'll speak to both. Our growth this past year has been heavily driven
by the regional operation. Next year, it will be more heavily driven by our
mainline operation. Our growth in Charlotte especially is less about growing
our regional jets, it's about, one, improving the connectivity of the hub,
making more O&D market; and then very critically, having more seats on all
of those O&Ds. So you'll see us do things like bring the 737 then to a
larger degree, turn more regional jets into main lines. We endeavor to do the
same thing in DFW as well.

Now that said, our regional jet network is a very critical
part of our airline. That does -- as we say, the little jets make the big jets
go. And so there will be a big dose of regional jet growth as well. It'll just
lag the mainline next year, whereas this year, it kind of outpaced the
mainline.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Dan McKenzie for
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: If possible I would love to clarify the messaging
on 2020. So CASM ex fuel flat next year, you expect to grow earnings. Investors
are going to interpret that as your base outlook for unit revenues to be flat
or up despite a pretty high capacity picture. So not asking for 2020 revenue
guidance, of course, but just trying to make sure there's just no flaw here in
the preliminary thinking.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sounds like you are asking for
revenue guidance. If we tell you CASM's flat and you ask if earnings are up, it
sounds like you're asking for revenue guidance. But look, I want to go back to
what we said so far, Dan. And we're not yet prepared to give you real guidance
on earnings in 2020 because we're doing our own work and so we'll let you know
more as we know more ourselves. Certainly, over the next call, we'll give you
better guidance on the 2020 earnings forecast, but -- and you should do your
own work on what you think about entering unit revenues and where we are
relative to that. Right now, we can't give you much more than that.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Yes, understood. Okay, had to try, of
course. Okay, so good commentary, free cash flow demand, solid revenue
backdrop. There is worry that the parallel universe, that the consumer today
goes the way of the industrial sector tomorrow. I've had more than one
conversation with owners about what American's earnings would look like in the
downturn. And again I know that's not your message today, but can you talk
about the fleet flexibility, so both narrowbody, wide-body? And is there a way
to get ahead of the economic data points if they start to worsen?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, Dan, we have a significant amount of
fleet flexibility. We have unencumbered aircraft of some 264 aircraft, almost
100 of those mainline, 172 regional. We have 65 deliveries to come next year,
which we could deal with if we needed to. Lease extensions, there's about 47 of
those that would come off. And then older aircraft, we have 53 of those, which
most of those are in the unencumbered category. So we have upwards of 300, 350
aircraft fleet flexibility that if something happened, we could take the fleet
down, if required, if there was some type of a recession or anything like that.
But as I said earlier, we're not seeing anything like that in our bookings and
things just continue to stay strong.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our last analyst question from
David Vernon with Bernstein.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Question for you on the focus for 2020.
Obviously, Rob and Doug, you talked about getting the on-time performance and
the basic execution done and improved. I'm just wondering if there are specific
things in the revenue pipeline that will help you to narrow that gap that you
mentioned before on the unit revenue side with some of your peers.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, this is Don. Again, if you go look at
our passenger unit revenue performance this year, in 2019, we did better than
our, I guess competitors by about 1 point based on guidance for 4Q. That was
based on the revenue initiatives we had in the pipeline this year, which also
included our growing operation in Dallas, which we had in place the 1st of
July. So as we look forward into 2020, we continue to have a pipeline of
revenue initiatives. Obviously next year, big part of that is going to be the
annualization of the growth in Dallas, adding the growth in Charlotte and we
are going to be up-gauging and adding seats to airplanes, which is going to be
very accretive to our overall revenue performance in 2020.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Anything on the product side
specifically that you could talk to, around whether it's some of the premium
products or some of the other work you'd be doing on the cabin side that would
help us kind of look for areas where you'll be able to get some upside?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, so Don, you can chime in here, but hey,
what it is, is that we are finally getting to the point of being to offer
instant upsell into higher level cabins. So as we've been improving our ability
to segment, whether it's Main Cabin Extra or Premium Economy type seats, being
able to offer that to customers in a convenient way is something that we
finally have the technology to be able to do, and that was launched earlier
this summer, expanded throughout the domestic, and now we're looking to move
that not -- to international and also into other channels as well. So that's
something that will absolutely help us take advantage of the product offerings
that we have out there.

And to Don's point, in terms of being able to harmonize our
cabins and ensure that we have the configurations we want, we had to take a
hiatus because of operational issues this past summer on those programs. But
those have been restarted and we anticipate that our 737 classic fleet will be
fully upgraded by the summer of 2021.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Okay. And then maybe just a quick
follow-up on the deleveraging that's going to happen over the next couple
years. Is there anything you can tell us about the rates that you'll be
retiring versus the rates you're paying on more recent debt? Like is there
going to be any sort of a shift in effective interest rate as we're modeling
out the next couple years of cash flow?

DEREK J. KERR: I would say -- this is Derek. I would say,
no. I think our average debt is around 4% right now. So most of the higher
priced debt we've paid off. It might be slightly higher of the old things that
we're going to pay off because most of it is aircraft. That will include
pension too. So we're going to take the pension down by about $3 billion in
that calculation. So from an aircraft standpoint, it will be older aircraft
that is probably up in the 5% range. A little bit higher than what our average
cost of debt, but not significantly higher.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Just for clarification, Derek, the
$3 billion in the $8 billion to $10 billion.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, $3 billion is in the $8 billion to $10
billion, sorry, of the -- over the 5-year period.

OPERATOR: And we'll now open up the lines for media to ask
questions.

(Operator Instructions) And our first question we'll take is
Alison Sider from Wall Street Journal.

ALISON SIDER: I was wondering if you could tell us anything
about sort of the tone of the discussions you're having with Boeing around
compensation. Is there progress being made? Or from your comments this morning,
is there concern about an impasse there?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Alison, I'll start. Again, the
discussions are underway. But I guess I'd characterize the tone as early. I
think not just -- no reason for us to be concerned at this point, but also no
real clarity at this point. Much of the reason being from the standpoint of
Boeing, still not certainty as to when the aircraft will be reserved by. So
talks are underway, but they're early. But we feel highly confident that the
losses that American Airlines have incurred won't be incurred by American
shareholders, but will be borne by the Boeing shareholders.

ALISON SIDER: Got it. And are you concerned at all about any
additional delays in return to service timing? And I guess, broadly, do you
feel like Boeing, the leadership changes it?s made lately have gone far enough?
Or do you think the company might have to do more?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: As to return to service, to answer
that question, as to return to service, the date that we have of January 15 is
based on the best information we have from talking to not just Boeing, but the
FAA. We were encouraged to see Boeing announce, I think earlier this week, that
they believe the aircraft will be certified in the fourth quarter. So that
information, I guess, it's probably safe to -- it's probably best to describe
that information as best case given what we have all seen over the course of
this process. But it's a reasonable case, and therefore, if indeed that is --
that situation is correct, if indeed the aircraft is recertified in the fourth
quarter, we absolutely -- we will be able to have our 5 airplanes, as Robert
described, certified -- flying -- revenue flying as early as January 15. If
indeed that doesn't seem to be the case, we will once again need to adjust. And
we've -- we unfortunately are getting really good at that. We have designed
this one in particular to be easier to do than others in that regard. So yes,
we're frustrated, but it is hopefully getting to the point. It certainly feels
as though the delays we hear about seem to be shorter delays, the confidence
seems to be higher, but we don't take that as certainly anything close to it.
But based on everything we know today, certainly, it seems reasonable to have
these aircraft in our schedule, the 5 airplanes on January 15, and we are
highly hopeful that'll be the case. If indeed that turns not to be the case, we
will adjust and let our customers know well in advance.

ALISON SIDER: Got it. And on leadership?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: No comment.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Dawn Gilbertson from
U.S.A. Today.

DAWN GILBERTSON: Two questions. One, Robert, you mentioned
under consumer initiatives, new technology, I think you said related to helping
families sit together. Could you go into any detail on that? And my second question
is seat fees are really prevalent right now. And I'm wondering where that -- if
you can give any sense of the revenue opportunity there and where that ranks
right now in terms of ancillary revenue?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Dawn, I didn't hear the second part of the
question. The first part, just in terms of seating families together, I'll just
say this, we've always had technology to help, we've improved our algorithms,
and ultimately, we're getting a much better hit rate of making sure that we
protect and we reserve seats for those families. And so there's good things on
that front, but all technology-based and really enhancements to processes that
we have in place today. But now as it works, the second part of your question
was, I didn't hear that.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Seat fees.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Did you say?

DAWN GILBERTSON: I wanted to get a sense of the scope of,
you started these preferred seat fees and all airlines have them now pretty
much to one degree or another. And it seems to me that's got to be a pretty big
revenue, you're bringing a lot of money from these preferred seat fees. And I'm
just wondering if you can give us any sense of the scope of that, where you
plan to take that, and where that ranks now in -- kind of in the ancillary
hierarchy?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, this is Don Casey. We've done quite a
bit on the seat side, one is just introducing different products. So the Main
Cabin Extra, we did a relaunch with enhanced benefits a year ago. That has
proven to be very successful. And again, there are customers who do have the
willingness to pay, right, a bit more for better product, and that's what we're
finding out in the marketplace. So we're continuing to expand the product
portfolio with better products out there and provide better capabilities for
customers to buy up even those better products and we're seeing good demand.
Seat fee revenue today is now our second largest ancillary revenue stream after
bags.

DAWN GILBERTSON: If I could just ask just a quick follow-up
related to that. When you say seat fee revenue, does that include -- so that
includes your preferred seat fees where you get nothing extra and also Main
Cabin Extra? Or what's in that basket?

DONALD B. CASEY: It's basically every additional charge a
customer is willing to pay for a better seat on the airplane. So in the case of
preferred seats, those are aisles and windows and close to the front, and Main
Cabin Extra, it's extra legroom, a free drink and better dedicated access to
bins and early boarding.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Tracy Rucinski
from Reuters.

TRACY RUCINSKI: Doug, I was wondering, what is your own
position on the Boeing employees instant messages about MCAS and the simulator
and the e-mails that referred to not including mention of MCAS in the flight manual?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We don't have a position on that.
Our position is we're highly interested in having the airplane -- Boeing meet
the requirements of the FAA and getting the airplane recertified. I will note,
we think that FAA has been -- is doing a fantastic job with this process and is
showing real leadership, as they always do, on safety in aviation. And we feel
really confident that once the FAA recertifies this airplane, it'll be the
safest in the world and we are looking forward to that day.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Edward Russell from
The Points Guy.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Vasu, I wanted to ask about what you --
about your comments on Chicago, you mentioned offering more first class seats
than competitors and then you talked about shifting to more A319s in 2020.
However, my understanding is A319 only has 8 first class seats versus some of
your dual seat aircraft of 12 competitors offering 10 on their new dual
aircraft -- dual-class aircraft. Talk a bit more about what the strategy is to
attract business travelers in the Chicago market.

VASU RAJA: Yes, Ed, great question. And importantly, the 319
has 8 first class seats. Anytime we're taking out a single class 50 seater and
replacing with bigger jet, you're of course going from 0 first class seats to
something more than that regardless of what it is. So but with that in mind,
really there's multiple things that we plan to do in Chicago. One of which is,
look, we have a luxury in Chicago that our competitor doesn't have, which is
that we have a gigantic East-West hub in DFW. For our competitor, that is the
best East-West hub that they have. And so what we're really interested in doing
is being able to provide the best product and schedule to the customer of
Chicago to the world. And we'll increasingly do this as we move through a
number of our fleet initiatives and product initiatives too. We will have
better schedules on the key days that business travelers go. We'll vary the
capacity levels that we have through the course of the week. And then over the
long term, what we will increasingly do is as we do more 50-seat replacements,
you'll see more and more 2-class services, whether it's larger RJs, 319s or
737s coming into Chicago.

DONALD B. CASEY: And I'll just add -- it's Don, that customers
right now, I mean they like our product in Chicago and we're seeing it in the
numbers. I mentioned earlier, our unit revenue in Chicago was the highest of
any hub we had. And we grew our corporate passenger volumes in Chicago in the
third quarter by 7%. So customers like the product we have there right now.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay. So just to be clear, I'm
understanding, the 50-seaters will come out, 319 and those 50-seat markets will
step up to 76-seaters and those are the 319 -- that's kind of the idea, sort of
a cascade almost ongoing?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, Ed. Over time they will, and we're
working through what that looks like. And I think at this point, we're probably
not yet ready to reveal all of it. But that is our long-term plan. That's long
been our fleet plan and markets like Chicago are exactly the kinds of the
things we have in mind for it.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude our question-and-answer
session for today's conference. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Doug
Parker for any closing remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: All right. Thank you all very much
for your interest. And we appreciate it. And if you have any questions, either
contact Investor Relations or Corporate Communications, we'd be happy to
answer. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating
in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all
disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore,
there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE
MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102419a12792654.754










 SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); PENSION FUNDS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); ALLIANCES &
PARTNERSHIPS (89%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%); AVIATION SECTOR
PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS
(77%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (94%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO
LLP (70%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO
INC (69%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (67%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (94%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE)
(83%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%);
DB (NYSE) (82%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (94%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%);
SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (83%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH
THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (82%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (82%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(82%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (70%); NAICS525110
PENSION FUNDS (70%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (70%); COMMERCIAL BANKING
(94%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER
INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); PENSION FUNDS (90%); BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS
(89%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); PASSENGER & CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%);
CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 April 10, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
25, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 12272 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Maya Leibman

. - Executive VP & Chief Information
Officer

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Stephen L. Johnson

American Airlines Group Inc. - EVP of Corporate Affairs

* William Douglas Parker

American Airlines Group Inc. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Former Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Former Director &
Senior Analyst

* Matthew Aaron Wisniewski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Alison Sider;Wall Street Journal

* David Koenig;The Associated Press

* Kris Van Cleave;CBS News

* Leslie Josephs;CNBC

* Mary Schlangenstein;Bloomberg News

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being
recorded. (Operator Instructions)

And now, I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. You may
begin.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Good
morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines Group Second Quarter
2019 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us in the room this morning is Doug
Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, Chief
Financial Officer. Also in the room for our Q&A session are several of our
senior execs, including Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer; Steve
Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey, our Senior Vice President
of Revenue Management. In addition, we have Devon May, our Senior VP of Network
Strategy; and Kenji Hashimoto, our Senior VP of Finance.

Like we normally do, Doug will start the call with an
overview of our financial results. Derek will then walk us through the details
on the second quarter and provide some additional information on our guidance
for the remainder of the year. Robert will then follow with commentary on the
operational performance and revenue environment. And then after we hear from
those comments, we'll open the call for analysts' questions and lastly
questions from the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecast of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans and
fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results
to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks and
uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this morning
and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings press release and that can be found in the Investor
Relations section of our website. The webcast of this call will be archived on
our website. The information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's
date, and we undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks, again, for joining us this morning. And at this
point, I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thank you, Dan. Thanks everybody for being on with us this
morning. Today, we're happy to report improved second quarter results for
American Airlines. Company produced pretax income, excluding special items, of
$1.1 billion for the quarter and a year-over-year increase in our diluted
earnings per share of 10%. It's a revenue-driven improvement. We saw a record
second quarter revenue of $12 billion as well as record second quarter total
revenue per available seat mile. The credit for producing these results goes
entirely to our team. Our 130,000 colleagues are doing a great job of taking
care of our customers during our peak season and they're doing it despite a
challenging summer.

In fact, the people at American are doing heroic things to
take care of our customers and it shows in these results and our projections
for 2019 earnings, which have improved since our last quarterly call.

But as excited as we are about the team's performance this
quarter, we're even more excited about the potential at American Airlines and
our potential for value creation in 2020 and beyond. The challenges we faced
this summer are near-term issues that absolutely will be addressed with time.
And as we look to the long term though, the results we produced despite these
obstacles give us the utmost confidence in what lies ahead, and it's
particularly true as we move into a period when our investments taper off
significantly and the results of those investments continue to increase.

So with that, I'll turn it over to Derek, and then Robert to
give you more details, and then we'll get to questions. Derek?

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. The ongoing grounding of
our MAX fleet as well as operational issues caused by the weather and the union
action meant that it was undoubtedly a challenging quarter for American
Airlines. However, thanks to the efforts of our team members, we were able to
produce financial results that exceeded our expectations at the start of the
quarter. So I'd like to thank everyone for their hard work over the past few
months.

In the second quarter 2019 earnings press release and Form
10-Q that we filed this morning, we reported a second quarter net profit,
excluding net special items, of $810 million, a 5.1% increase over the second
quarter of 2018.

Our diluted earnings per share, excluding net special items,
in the second quarter was $1.82 per share, up 10% from $1.66 per diluted share
in the second quarter of 2018. Our second quarter 2019 pretax profit, excluding
net special items, was $1.1 billion, resulting in a pretax margin of 9%
compared to 8.7% in 2018. This was the first quarter of a year-over-year margin
expansion since the first quarter of 2016.

Despite the operational challenges during the quarter, our
total revenues were a record for the second quarter at $12 billion, up 2.7% for
the second quarter of 2018 (sic) [2019]. Our total revenue per ASM increased
for the 13th consecutive quarter by 3.5% to $0.1654, also a record for the
second quarter.

We saw increased strength in demand for travel during the
quarter, which resulted in passenger revenues increasing by 3.2% to $11
billion. Robert will give you more color on the trends we're seeing in the
revenue improvement during his remarks.

Our cargo yields were slightly higher during the quarter,
but year-over-year schedule reductions and falling demand in Asia and Europe
markets meant that cargo revenues fell 15.4% to $221 million despite that
increase in yields.

Our loyalty program continues to grow steadily, which drove
other revenues up by 2.9% to $728 million. This growth was primarily due to new
card acquisitions as access to the world's largest program and best network
continues to be a strong incentive for new customers.

Total operating expenses in the second quarter of 2019 were
1.6% higher at $10.8 billion. When fuel and special items are excluded, our
unit cost increased in the second quarter by 4.8%, higher than previous
guidance due primarily to lower-than-planned second quarter ASMs, which
declined 0.8% from 2018 as a result of the operational disruptions I mentioned
earlier.

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with
approximately $8.2 billion in total available liquidity. So far this year, our
treasury team has completed a number of transactions, including securing
financing for 26 new mainline and regional aircraft to be delivered in 2019 and
2020 through mortgage and sale leaseback structures.

With the exception of 3 regional aircraft delivered in the
fourth quarter, we have committed financing for all aircraft deliveries through
2019. Additionally, we have committed financing for 25 of our [2020]
deliveries, and we'll continue to evaluate financing options for our remaining
mainline and regional aircraft deliveries.

In May 2019, we raised $750 million in an unsecured notes
offering, and used the proceeds to fund contributions to our defined benefit
plans. In aggregate, we made contributions of $858 million to our defined
benefits plan in the second quarter for total contributions of $1.2 billion
year-to-date or $436 million in excess of our required contributions.

As a result, we have prefunded a portion of our 2020
requirements, and our remaining minimum funding obligation for next year is now
forecasted to be approximately $200 million.

Lastly, in June 2019, we completed a spare engine EETC
transaction in the U.S. private placement market to raise $650 million at
attractive rates, which are comparable to those achieved in aircraft EETCs.

During the second quarter, we paid dividends of $44 million.
We did not repurchase any stock as fuel prices remained high for much of the
quarter, which pushed our projected year-end liquidity near our target level of
$7 billion and prices didn't fall until we had entered the closed trading
window. We remain committed to returning cash above our liquidity target to our
shareholders.

We continue to expect that our 2019 year-end net debt,
including pensions and the present value of aircraft rents, will be more than
$1 billion lower compared to year-end 2018. We expect this trend to continue
for the foreseeable future as our CapEx obligations normalize from the peak
years of our fleet transformation program, which will also result in
significant free cash flow generation by the airline. While we expect 2019 to
be relatively flat in terms of free cash flow generation due to the increased
pension contribution, we are currently forecasting to generate significant free
cash flow in 2020 and 2021.

On July 14, we announced that we had removed the Boeing MAX
from our schedules until November 2. Previously, we were guided to a full year
negative impact to pretax income of approximately $350 million, which was based
primarily on lost revenue from schedule reductions forced by the removal of the
MAX from our operating fleet. We have now reviewed all of the data from the
second quarter and given the extension of the grounding period, we now anticipate
that the impact to the full year will be approximately $400 million. We now
estimate that the impact on the second quarter was approximately $175 million
and estimate that the impact on the third quarter will be approximately $125
million, lower than the impact of the second quarter as we are no longer seeing
the short-term disruption to passenger travel that the grounding caused in
April. We remain confident in the aircraft and look forward to reintegrating
the aircraft into our fleet once all of the regulatory approvals are in place.

During June, we announced an order of 50 aircraft, Airbus
A321XLR aircraft with deliveries scheduled to begin in 2023 and end in 2025. 30
of these orders were a conversion of existing A321neo orders with the other 20
being an exercise of existing Neo options. Since the aircraft order was already
part of our long-term fleet plan, it does not materially change our
expectations for capital expenditures in these years.

The expected range and capabilities of XLR are impressive and
will add flexibility to our fleet, opening up the potential for exciting new
markets for our customers that we will be able to fly very efficiently. In
addition, in our fleet plan filed this morning as part of our usual investor
update, we announced that we have extended the operating life of some of our
A320, 737 and 757 aircraft on a short-term basis. These extensions will allow
us more flexibility as we deal with the grounding of the MAX and the late
delivery of the A321neos and provide modest and efficient growth to our fleet.

With the extension of MAX cancellations to November 2, we
now anticipate capacity growth of approximately 1.5% for both the third quarter
and the full year. This is approximately half the full year capacity we had
expected at the start of the year, which has put upward pressures on our unit
cost expectations.

For the full year, we now expect that our 2019 cost per ASM,
excluding fuel, special items and new labor agreements, will grow by
approximately 4%. This increase from previous guidance -- of an increase of
between 2% and 3% is driven entirely by the reduction in the anticipated ASM
growth primarily driven by the MAX. As a result, we now expect our CASM,
excluding fuel, special items and new labor agreements, will increase by
approximately 5% in the third quarter and 3% in the fourth quarter.

Based on the forward curve as of July 22nd, we are
forecasting that our average fuel price will be between $2.05 and $2.10 per
gallon in the third quarter and for the full year will be $2.04 to $2.09.

For revenue, we expect our total revenue per ASM will grow
between 1% and 3% in the third quarter. And given the cost guidance I outlined
above, we expect the third quarter pretax margin, excluding net special items,
will be between 5.5% to 7.5%. We now believe that our earnings per diluted
share, excluding net special items, will be between $4.50 to $6 in 2019 and
continue to expect that we will see margin expansion in the second half of
2019.

Our total projected capital expenditures for 2019 remain
unchanged at $4.4 billion comprised of $1.7 billion in non-aircraft CapEx and
$2.7 billion in aircraft CapEx. We now expect total CapEx of $3.6 billion in
2020 and $2.1 billion in 2021. The guidance for 2020 and 2021 is slightly lower
than the previous guidance as a result of the XLR agreement I referred to
earlier in my remarks.

In conclusion, 2019 has certainly presented some unexpected
challenges, which have stressed our operation and put our team in some very
difficult situations, but our front-line team has met every challenge and done
a phenomenal job of helping out our customers and supporting each other. We
look forward to moving past these short-term headwinds and executing on all of
the exciting projects that we have in the pipeline.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I too would like to
thank our team members for doing a great job of taking care of our customers,
given the issues that we faced with our fleet and operation. Their hard work
and perseverance were instrumental in our ability to generate record second
quarter revenues.

While we faced some significant challenges during the second
quarter, we also had some notable achievements, including the completion of our
rollout of our industry-leading Premium Economy product, the expansion of our
DFW hub and the completion of our high-speed WiFi installation.

I'll spend some time discussing the challenges, but I want
to spend the majority of my time emphasizing all of the great things our team
is doing and the positive momentum that we're seeing within our business.

As for challenges, as Derek mentioned in his remarks, on
July 14th, we made the decision to extend the cancellations of our Boeing 737
MAX aircraft through November 2. While the return date has shifted from our
original expectations, we remain optimistic that the aircraft will return to
service in November.

Our confidence in Boeing, the FAA and other regulatory agencies
remains intact, and we are committed partners, along with our Allied Pilots
Association and Association of Professional Flight Attendants in this ongoing
process.

As always, as new information becomes available, we'll
assess the impact on our schedule and initiate changes as soon as possible to
take best care of our customers and team.

In terms of our operation, in May, we initiated the
litigation against the union representing our mechanic team members, for
engaging in a coordinated illegal work slowdown in an effort to influence
contract negotiations. That slowdown has significantly impacted the company's
operation and cost a high number of flight cancellations and delays in the
second quarter. A temporary restraining order in joining the slowdown and
further interruption to the company's operation was granted by the court. The
court is in the process of ruling on a permanent injunction against the
continuation of these illegal activities and we are awaiting that decision.

Ultimately, our goal is to get back to the negotiating
table, where we will work to get our mechanics and fleet service team members
the industry-leading contract that they deserve, just as we have with all of
our other team members.

Throughout the illegal work action, and really for any
disruptions now and in the future, our team is doing their best to take care of
our customers and their coworkers. Fortunately, we have new tools to help in
that effort: improved customer notifications for delays and cancellations;
automated hotel, meal and transportation arrangements; enhanced self-service
rebooking; and snacks and amenities at the gates during longer delays are just
some of the measures that are being utilized to ensure that our customers'
needs are being addressed.

We certainly apologize to any customers that have been
inconvenienced, and want you to know that our customer relations team is
working nonstop to address shortfalls in our service.

As we have discussed on several of our past earnings calls,
we've been focused on improving our operating reliability, and we feel very
confident that we're making significant operational improvements based on the
performance of our regional operation, which has not been affected by the labor
issues at the mainline operation. For example, at our hubs, our regional
performance saw a 1.5 point year-over-year improvement in on-time departures, a
3.2 point year-over-year improvement in aircraft turn performance, and a 1.2
point year-over-year improvement in controllable completion factor.

Thanks to the outstanding efforts of our regional team, this
improved performance provides a nice control set and gives us confidence that
the initiatives that we put in place will be successful across the system once
we move past these short-term challenges.

Now, for positive momentum, we continue to take big steps
forward in creating a world-class customer experience that further
differentiates American from our competitors. During the second quarter, we
opened our new Flagship First Dining, Flagship Lounge and renovated Admirals
Club Lounge in Terminal D at our largest airport, DFW. These enhancements are
just the latest in our more than $200 million investment in our premium
products and services and complement our other flagship lounges at JFK, Los
Angeles, Miami and Chicago O'Hare.

In addition, during the quarter, we completed installation
of our high-speed WiFi on our entire long-term mainline narrow-body fleet of
more than 700 aircraft. This gives American more high-speed WiFi than any other
airline. Satellite-based WiFi allows customers to stream video without
buffering or interruptions, upload and download files with ease and do all of
this from gate-to-gate. This upgraded bandwidth ensures customers will
experience an uncompromised Internet connection, even if every customer chooses
to access in-flight entertainment at the same time.

Additionally, every satellite equipped aircraft can now
stream live TV, an amenity that we provide access to our customers free of
charge. I should also point out that American is the only U.S. airline to offer
live TV on international flights.

Shifting to our network strategy. We remain focused on
strengthening our network by expanding operations at our most profitable hubs.
With the addition of more than -- with the addition of 100 departures in the
second quarter, our DFW hub now offers more than 900 daily flights. This
important milestone enables more than 9,000 one-stop travel possibilities
through DFW, more than any other airline hub in the world.

As part of that growth, we have started service from DFW to
23 new markets, including service to Dublin and Munich, and increased service
to more than 80 existing markets.

This growth marks the largest expansion in any hub in the
United States in more than a decade. The early results are very encouraging,
with margins on the newly added flights coming in at or above the system
average. We remain on track with our growth plans in Charlotte next year and at
Reagan National in 2021.

Over the last year, we have also made a number of changes to
our international network, eliminating chronically underperforming flights and
starting services to unserved markets across the world. Most of these new
flights started in the middle of the second quarter, and they are already
producing margins at or above the system average.

On the partnership side, we now have final approval from the
U.S. Department of Transportation for our proposed joint business agreement
with Qantas, which will allow us to better serve customers flying between the
United States and Australia and New Zealand. The joint business agreement
allows for commercial integration between American and Qantas, delivering new
routes and significant customer benefits. It will also allow an expanded
[culture] relationship, optimized schedules on South Pacific services, better
access to seats on each other carrier's -- on each carrier's networks,
additional frequent flyer benefits and collocation at airports. All of this is
designed to better serve our customers. And just yesterday, Qantas announced
new service to Chicago and San Francisco from Brisbane. We're thrilled with
this news for our customers, and stay tuned for more route announcements from
us later this year. We also received approval from the DOT for additional
services from DFW and Los Angeles to Tokyo's Haneda Airport.

Shifting gears, our Global Sales and Distribution team
produced strong results last quarter as corporate revenue growth was in line
with system revenue growth on healthy corporate demand. Our corporate volume
continues to grow and further strengthened in the last 6 weeks of the quarter
where we deliver industry-leading corporate passenger share performance without
sacrificing yields.

We continue to see significant growth in the small-to-medium
business segment as evidenced by our nearly double digits revenue growth
year-over-year. We continue to see growth across our loyalty program. Existing
members are engaging with us more, redemption levels -- redemption bookings are
up, and we continue to increase our elite population. Most importantly, we are
capturing yield growth in this elite group that outpaces our system average.

On co-branded credit cards, our strong trends in
acquisitions, card spend and overall account growth continued in the second
quarter with record-setting absolute results. We expect that that growth will
continue throughout 2019.

All of this contributed to record-setting second quarter
revenue of $12 billion, up approximately 3% year-over-year. On a unit revenue
basis, total revenue per available seat mile improved 3.5% year-over-year,
which marks the 11th conservative quarter of positive unit revenue growth for
American.

We estimate that our unit revenue benefited from the MAX
cancellations in the second quarter, but this benefit was offset by share loss
in April. We're particularly pleased with these results, given the challenge we
had with operational disruptions, the MAX and weather.

I mentioned this on our last call, but I need to say it
again, in 2018 we made a big investment in our AAdvantage program, making it
more valuable to customers. We significantly increased the inventory available
for redemptions in 2018, increasing the value of the miles to our customers,
while also giving our customers more flexibility to use their miles.

For the second quarter, these changes had a negative impact
of 0.8 points to unit revenue, all of which was noncash. We anticipate a
similar impact for the remainder of the year. Normalizing for this, our
passenger unit revenue increased by 4.8% in the second quarter, 2 points better
than our legacy competitors.

We delivered improved unit revenue across every entity. As
we mentioned in our previous calls, we believe we have a unique opportunity to
improve load factors without eroding yields, and we have been successful in
that effort to execute against that opportunity.

Overall, load factors were up 3.2 points in the quarter on
flat yields. Higher loads without compromising yields is a winning combination.
We're proud of our Revenue Management team for their hard work and results.

Domestic market strength was broad-based with improved unit
revenue across every hub. As I mentioned earlier, our growth at DFW is
performing as expected, notwithstanding exceptional operational and weather
challenges at DFW during the quarter. We expect the domestic region to be our
best-performing entity in the third quarter. Atlantic unit revenue grew by 3%
in spite of 1.5 points of currency headwind.

International point-of-sale remains challenging, but we
successfully shifted to North American point-of-sale and grew load factor by
3.8 points.

The Latin entity had the highest quarter-to-quarter
improvement with unit revenue growing by 4.4% year-over-year. Brazil and Mexico
were particularly strong, while we faced headwinds in Argentina and the Dominican
Republic.

Pacific unit revenue improved by 0.5 point, thanks to
positive unit revenue in Japan, Hong Kong and Australia. The pricing
environment for China was soft, but we were able to grow load factor, while we
reduced our capacity and exposure to this market.

Looking forward, we expect domestic demand to remain robust.
And Latin, again, to be the best-performing international entity. We expect our
third quarter year-over-year TRASM to be up 1% to 3% and our passenger revenue
per ASM to be about 1 point better than TRASM.

In conclusion, we're incredibly excited about this airline
and its future, the heavy lifting of integration is behind us, our large fleet
investments are winding down and our network is being optimized with
high-margin growth opportunities at our most profitable hubs. We recognize the
need to overcome some short-term challenges, but the core business is strong.

And with that, we'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator to begin our Q&A session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Michael Linenberg of Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions here and maybe
they're both for Robert. At the beginning of the year, you were targeting $1
billion of revenue improvement and $300 million of cost saves. And with the MAX
groundings and the labor disruption, how should we think about resizing those
numbers as we move through the year?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Thanks, Michael. So when we take a look at
the revenue initiatives we set out at the front of the year, I think the best
way to take a look at it is, some have outperformed and others we will be able
to take a benefit of in the longer term. The one that has really taken a delay
is the densifying of our 737 and our A321 fleet. Because of some of the issues
that we've encountered with operational disruptions related to the work
slowdown, we've had to defer some of those modification lines. We anticipate
picking those back up next year and that is benefit yet to come. In terms of
outperformance, some of the things that we have really emphasized, certainly
basic economy is producing as we had hoped and the work within our Revenue
Management team to improve load factor performance has resulted as well.

So we're seeing the $1 billion and as we take a look into
the future, we're encouraged that we still have more to come.

Don, do you want to add anything?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Yes. I'd just to reemphasize what Robert said. Again, you got
to understand our $1 billion in revenue initiatives and how it compares year
over year. You've got to normalize for the deferral and recognition rate in
[FFP]. And when you do that, our revenue is up 4.8%, which is about 2 points
better than our kind of legacy competitors, so you can see where the benefit is
just in that.

DEREK J. KERR: And Mike from a cost perspective, we have lot
of initiatives, all of them are on target, the $300 million is in the forecast,
so that's all built-in, and we are realizing those. There are a few cost
headwinds, obviously, as you have these type of disruptions, but that's built
into the CASM forecast that I gave you. So some of them are offset by that, but
the initiatives that we set out for the One Airline project to get $1 billion,
$300 million this year and then another $200 million in 2020 and 2021 are all
on target and are built into our forecast.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Yes. And for sure, it's
remarkable, given all your headwinds, that you still managed to produce margin
expansion, so well done there. Just my second. To Robert, on the JBA with
Qantas, I recall a few years back when you announced the joint venture or JBA
with Japan Airlines at the time, you did provide a revenue size at that point
in time when it was launched, I think it was about $1.5 billion of revenue
between you and JAL, and subsequently my sense is that you've built upon that
even today, you highlighted some of the positive trends out of Japan, I'm sure
that's helping. Can you give us a sense or magnitude of where we are from a
revenue base as a starting point with Qantas, just trying to size that joint
business agreement, what our baseline is, any color on that would be great?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Michael, it's -- the current size today is
$1.5 billion, and we don't -- we're really not sizing yet publicly the
potential benefits. But we do expect that this is going to be something that's
positive overall, and I am pleased with hearing the announcement of some new
markets, and I would anticipate that we have more to add to that in the coming
months.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon
Oglenski of Barclays.

MATTHEW AARON WISNIEWSKI, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK
PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is actually Matt Wisniewski, on for Brandon.
Really wanted just to expand upon the network strategy a little bit more. You
said it's little bit early in the DFW expansion. How should we kind of think
about the improvements coming through and when would we see ultimately kind of
some of the benefits hitting the P&L?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, I'll just start. The -- we're just now
getting into the real upsizing of DFW, which is encouraging. So you're seeing
some of the benefits already, but the total run rate of that is going to be as
we progress throughout the year. As we take a look forward, as I mentioned,
2020, we anticipate our growth focus to be on Charlotte and so that will ramp
up over the first part of next year and then from there its Reagan National
after that in 2021.

So Don or Derek, do you want to give more color?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. Let me just say this is really just
the beginning, right? We just started ramping up DFW during 2Q. We won't see
the full benefit of that until we hit the third quarter. That will obviously
extend and annualize as we head into 2020 at which point we'll also be adding
Charlotte, which will run into 2021, and we'll have an opportunity to upgauge
DCA. So we have a lot of, I think, really high-quality capacity and network
opportunities looking out for the next few years.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Matt, it's Doug. I mean as
Robert said in his opening remarks, the early results here are really
encouraging. The markets that we have added out of Dallas, as Robert said, are
coming in at or above system average margins. As a new startup route, usually
your marginal growth doesn't come in at above-average margins, in this case
they do. They just give more encouragement to us that there is more -- there's,
one, that what we believe what happened is indeed happening; and two, there's
more of this we can do and we're looking forward to doing more as we go
forward.

MATTHEW AARON WISNIEWSKI: Okay. Great. And then just as a
quick follow-up. Specific capacity was down quite meaningfully this quarter.
And I would expect -- I thought -- kind of anticipated revenues to kind of be
more beneficial because of that. Can you put a little bit more color what's
going in the Pacific region?

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure, it's Don. I'll cover that. We did
have slightly positive unit revenue in the Pacific, capacity reductions we had
was the reduction of flying to China, out of Chicago to Shanghai and Beijing.
We did see actually positive unit revenue growth in Hong Kong, Japan, also in
Australia, with more opportunities coming forward in Qantas. The China market
was soft, it was our weakest performing market in the Pacific.

And we had about 1.5 points of currency headwind as well in
the Pacific as we went into the third quarter. And I think we're pretty happy
that we kind of reduced our exposure to China because that's really where we're
seeing some softness, particularly in China point-of-sale pricing where we see
a pretty weak pricing environment right now.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Matt, Doug, again. So -- also
thanks for asking that question because it gives us a chance to talk more about
this. Look, given the kind of capacity reduction we're talking about here, I
think it's hard for anyone, certainly for those of you who aren't here in the
airlines in every day, to try and estimate what kind of impact that would have
between revenue per ASM versus cost per ASM. Indeed when we raised our guidance
a couple of weeks ago, at least a number of reports suggested while it's really
-- it sounded like a cost story, that we'd done a better job of keeping our
cost in checked in some expected and our revenues came out in line. The
reality, at least for those of us who are sitting here watching results come
in, the positive surprises were on revenue, not on cost. And again, not that
any of you should be able to figure that out on your own because it is such a
different way this happens. But indeed when our capacity is going down because
we're having to -- because we're canceling flights very close in, what happens
then is you're not able to -- particularly in the peak, we're not able to
protect all that revenue. So 1.5% decline in capacity does not result in 1.5%
increase in revenue per ASM or anything close to it, and you're not able -- and
it's pretty difficult to go find the marginal revenues or the lower revenue per
ASM as you do that.

So at any rate that's what we experienced as the quarter
came through as -- even though ASMs were down, the fact that our earnings came
out better than we've thought was to us a revenue surprise, not a cost
surprise.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Helane
Becker of Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I have 2 questions. My first question is,
what percent of your fleet do you normally replace every year? And how does
this year compare to a normal year?

DEREK J. KERR: I wouldn't say a percent, but we replace
somewhere -- it's been a lot more over the past few years. We've taken
deliveries of over 100 aircraft a year for many years in a row since we've
gotten here for about 5 years. This year, we're replacing about 65; next year,
it will be about 61 and that includes regional also. So the steady state would
be somewhere between 40 and 50, if you kept the average age where it is. So I
think that's kind of where we're at. And so when we talk about aircraft CapEx
going forward, it comes down significantly in '21, '22, '23, steady state would
be somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 to 50 aircraft a year when you get out
into the '25 to 2030 range.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Helane, a good way for us again to
make the point that it's a hard question for us to answer because there is no
normal, there certainly hasn't been. Since the merger, as Derek said, we've
been bringing in 85 to 100 airplanes each year and then retiring a similar
amount in this, by far, the most aggressive modernization of commercial airline
fleet in the history of commercial aviation.

So that has been the number, and that's now largely behind
us. So as we've been doing that also the CapEx, we've had to put into
integration and the CapEx we put into all the improvements that have been
needed to make into our airline that tapers -- tapers is not a strong enough
verb, that comes down significantly, as Derek said, in the coming years, both
aircraft CapEx and in some of the nonaircraft CapEx, so we get the benefits of
all that investment (technical difficulty) without the amount of investment
[that would go].

HELANE R. BECKER: And then to follow that up, the $1 billion
in debt pay down that, I think, Derek mentioned, should we think about that as
accelerating through the next 5 or 7 years as your kind of steady-state
declines from 100 aircraft to 50 aircraft?

DEREK J. KERR: From a debt pay down perspective, we have our
normal debt paydown schedule, which is somewhere between $3 billion a year over
the next few years. So that pay down does not accelerate. I think there are pay
down of EETCs and other debts that we have. But as you look at our pay down
schedule from -- in 2019, we'll pay off $3.7 billion of debt; in 2020, we have
$2.7 billion due; 2021, we have $4.2 billion due. So it runs around $3 billion
to $4 billion of debt that's paid off, that's scheduled debt paydowns that go
along with the pension payments. But that's all in the numbers that Doug talked
about when we talk about free cash flow. That's all assumed that those debt
payments are paid in each one of those years and that we pay off debt as it
comes due.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of
Hunter Keay of Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: A question about that
comment you made about the market share loss in April. Can you give me some
color on that comment? What do you mean by that? Where was it, what type of
share was it and how do you get that back?

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure, Hunter. It's Don. When we had ended
up grounding the MAX, there was a lot of schedule uncertainty as to how long
this was going to last and how we're going to move aircraft around to try and
cover this. And so during that period sort of really starting mid-March through
the third week in April, we did see close-in bookings, and close-in bookings
particularly for corporate travel lag, right? So we definitely lost share, we
definitely saw some book away during that time period to our competitors. That
did bounce back by the time we got through April. And in fact, if you look at
the last 6 weeks of our kind of corporate share performance, we were #1 in the
industry in terms of corporate share, so that's really completely bounced back
for us. But it was entirely just a response to schedule uncertainty. If you
wanted to get to your meeting during that time period, sometimes people were
choosing not to fly us because they weren't sure whether we were going to
change our schedule on them.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: I see. And then Doug, when you think about
the relationship between employees buying in reliable operations and consistent
cost performance, that's arguably the 3 areas that you guys need to show the
most improvement, and if we assume all 3 of those things kind of feed into one
another, which order do they have to get fixed? And how do you get started,
with the first one?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Employees buying in, was that your
first...

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Either way. I mean you can define them any
order you want. So it's buy-in, operations and just good cost performance. So
like which one has to start first? And which one sort of manifests into the
other 2 getting better? And how do you start it?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. First off, I'm not exactly sure
I'd characterize it that way, but I'd love to talk about the employee
perspective you're getting at which again, I mean, first of all let me just go
to the operations. We as a company under Robert's leadership have made great
strides in our operations reliability from the time we merged the airlines,
improving every year up until 2018. We had a setback last summer related
primarily to things like CFM56 engines, things we tried to do our best to fly
through and didn't make changes in the schedule, and in retrospect, we realized
that we were kind of letting the operation to be the buffer, not something that
we'd -- in retrospect, would have made the same decision going forward.

So in response to that, we put in place, again with Robert's
leadership and David Seymour's leadership and Kerry's leadership, a huge
operational reliability improvement plan for 2019, and -- thank goodness we
did, those things have made a large difference in our ability to manage through
what we're dealing with now.

So we feel really good about where we are in terms of
operational reliability, but for what we're dealing with at the current time,
which is a huge increase. And the aircraft out of service to begin the day,
that when we are, as we are today, having to start the day with so many
airplanes -- more airplanes out of service than we have spares. By definition,
that means we're starting the day by canceling some flights and by definition
that means it's not going to be a particularly good operating reliability day,
so that's the situation with operational reliability today.

Not to say there's not more we can do and won't do to
improve it. But once that issue is removed, I'll say it this way, we believe if
it weren't for that issue, we would be running the best airline in the history
of American Airlines, which was our goal for this year, and all the data we
have supports that, and as Robert noted, we're seeing that on the regional side
where we don't have this issue. So operational reliability I feel extremely
good about where we are in our trajectory going forward. We do need to get to
the near-term issue. So as it relates to culture, anyway, I think I know what
you're getting at. I guess, you're not getting that or maybe not if it's not,
you can tell me.

But anyway, look, it's a fair question and thanks for asking
what we're going through relates to all the work we have underway on cultural
transformation. What I'll tell you is, the cultural initiatives that we put in
place since the time of the merger and again remember back when we put these 2
airlines together 5.5 years ago, how big an issue that was, particularly given
the history at American Airlines and those things are working. We've made huge
strides, thanks to really good leadership, the people that I get to work with,
to let our team who -- every time that I most -- when I go out and talk to team
members prior to the merger, it was all about this company doesn't care about
me. Now as we go out and talk to people, we still have issues, but they're
rarely that, actually, there aren't that and to the extent there are issues,
they're all about desire for more tools to do the job. The way they know how to
do it is take care of the customers, which is exactly where you'd like the team
and exactly what our job is to deliver to them.

So look, there is more to do there, but cultural
transformation, obviously, takes some time, takes a lot of time, but we're
really pleased with the progress we've made to date, and we'll continue to make
in the future. Our objective here is to make culture a competitive advantage,
not just to improve the culture, not just to transform it from what wasn't a
very strong one to one that's really strong, but to make it is so strong that
people actually prefer to fly American that's not -- we're not there yet,
that's a aspirational longer-term objective, the one we're committed to and one
that we think is best for our shareholders.

So that work continues, but really happy with the progress.
I think, again, fair to ask, "Gee, if that's the case, then why are you
going through this issue right now?" To which I would tell you, look,
while that culture work goes on, there is no change in the fact that this is a
highly unionized airline and union negotiations will continue to be union
negotiations and some of them we haven't even gotten through the first one yet
and this is one amazingly enough. We're still working on joint collective
bargaining agreement with this union, and we haven't been able to get that
done, we obviously got them done quite quickly with all of our other workgroups
and indeed, we're -- where we're getting negotiations on contracts that were signed
5 years ago as JCBAs with pilots and flight attendants today.

So it's a source of frustration for sure, but look, this is
a different animal, one that we're still trying to work through, but unlike the
other contracts we work through, we're dealing with 2 unions here who chose to
form one union -- and I'm sorry, an association, a partnership. We're dealing
with international unions where the primary decision makers aren't even
American Airlines team members. So the culture doesn't make that much of a
difference as far as they're concerned. So look, we will work through this,
we'll get to a contract and that's the real goal here, of course, is to make
sure we get a contract in place. When we do that, we're going to have a
long-term contract with our outstanding mechanics and fleet service team
members that's going to be industry leading, which -- and that will be a good
day. So that will help significantly, but we need to get through this joint
collective bargaining agreement with this group, and right now, we haven't been
able to get through that.

I will add -- I'm sorry for the long answer, Hunter, but I
will add on that front what we -- the way we get to a joint collective
bargaining agreement is to get back to talking to each other. These negotiations
are under the control of the National Mediation Board at this time, which is a
good thing. The bad thing is, the National Mediation Board hasn't called a
negotiating session since April because of -- well, you can ask them why, but
the fact is they haven't. And as a result, we haven't had talks. Good news is
we just heard last night from the NMB that they'd like to have a status
conference with all of us on August 15th. That's really good news.

By that time, we think we'll probably have a permanent
injunction in place, which will help with what we're dealing with. But look,
the goal of this is not to have people coming to work and doing their jobs
because the court told them to. The goal of this is to have people coming to
work and doing their jobs because they're excited about the company and the
future of the company and to do that we need to get a contract in place. We're
trying to do, we're working extremely hard at it, and I know that we'll get
one. I can't tell you exactly when, but we will get to a contract, and this
issue that we're dealing with today will be behind us.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Duane
Pfennigwerth of Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Sorry, if I missed it in your
prepared remarks. But when do you expect a decision on the injunction?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Steve Johnson?

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON, EVP OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: We -- you never know for sure, but my best guess would be
late next week or early the week after that.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then just as a follow-up, as
you think about this cost of the MAX grounding, which you've estimated at $400
million relative to perhaps your future aircraft order book value of about $3.5
billion, is the right way to think about potential compensation as a discount
to that future value so maybe a 10% to 12% discount on your existing order book
as we sit here today?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We wouldn't encourage you to think
about it in any way because we don't know. We haven't had any discussions with
our partners at Boeing about the details of how this compensation might occur.
We saw, as I know you did, they set aside, they put a reserve aside. We've had
high-level conversations with the highest levels of Boeing about what our
expectations are, but we haven't had any detailed conversations about how those
expectations would be met.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of Dan
Mckenzie of Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, FORMER RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Healthy corporate demand that strengthened the
last 6 weeks in the quarter despite some severe operational disruptions, that's
a surprise. But we know there is a direct link between business, travel and
operations, so the idea of bookaway when operations are bad. So the question
is, I'm wondering if you can elaborate on any bookaway challenges in the third
quarter outlook, how they might to be a headwind or an opportunity at some
point here? And does the current outlook embed some bookaway?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thanks, Dan. I'll let Don give you
specifics, but again, I just want to reiterate some of what Robert said in his
comments. While this is going on, our team is doing a really, really great work
to make sure while we have operational disruption, it's not felt nearly to the
degree it would be otherwise by our customers. First and foremost is once we
realize that this was, while a near-term issue, one that was going to be going
on for a matter of weeks and months, we began -- we begun the process and it
continues of not waiting until the day of -- to do cancellations, but do them
several days in advance that allows us to reaccommodate customers, again, not
the best thing you want to do, but much better than having customers find that
their travel's been disrupted on the day they show up at the airport, so that
makes a big difference. And then as we do that, particularly as it relates --
and Robert can tell you more about this, particularly as it relates to our most
frequent flyers making sure that they're having the least impact of all and to
the extent they know that the company is reaching out to them. So we're working
really hard on those issues. Don, are we seeing anything in terms of...?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. Just to add that, we actually have
been tracking completion factor for our corporate customers, right, so which is
not -- we have been canceling flights but kind of which flights are we
canceling relative to the kind of travel patterns of our corporate customers.
On a year-over-year basis, there hasn't really not been a very material change
in the completion factor for corporate customers. So we have done a good job of
figuring out kind of what to cancel.

And as it pertains to the outlook, we aren't really seeing
anything right now that would cause any bookaway, and we expect our performance
in the -- for domestic in the third quarter to be pretty similar, maybe even a
touch better than it was in the second quarter.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Here I'll just give shout-out to our sales
team and our customer relations team as well. With any issues, we have opened
up new means of communicating to ensure that any issues are addressed. And I've
also stepped up our efforts to be out there with our corporate clients and that
includes our Head of Sales, Alison Taylor, and myself and a number of the other
executives here. So we're hearing firsthand of where the issues are, so that we
can get in front of them whenever possible.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Very good. Good job. Second question
here is, we do have a tale of 2 economies. Obviously we got the industrial,
which is slowing and the consumer which is strong, and we've seen this in prior
years as well. And I guess, Don, I'm just wondering if you can talk about how
you think one affecting the other at some point if they do? What are the key
metrics that give you confidence that demand continue to remain firm here? And
at this point, are you sort of revising any implicit fourth quarter revenue
assumptions?

DONALD B. CASEY: Again if you're going look at kind of
what's been happening, right, we've seen some softness, right, in international
point of sale, right? Some of that's currency, some of that's economy, but the
domestic market has remained very robust. We've been able to backfill really
any international shortfalls with higher-yielding domestic-originating
business, and we've been able to successfully grow our load factor shortly,
we're up actually 2 points overall in the second quarter, and we're up really
in every entity. Now as we look forward, I mean we're actually booked ahead as
we look forward into future months, and we're not seeing really anything that
would make us concerned at this point around continued strength in domestic
demand.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie
Baker of JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Most of my
questions have been asked and well answered. So one from me. I know it's the
view of your aviators that some of the reliability issues are related to
scheduling practices and maybe some IT deficiencies. This is a difficult one
for me to reconcile with the data that I have access to. So I guess the
question is, whether you believe are you extracting all the potential
efficiency of the current pilot contract? And whether there is some IT
investment that does need to be made? If so, what might that cost?

ROBERT D. ISOM: So Jamie, thanks for the question. That's
the good news at least for all of us and it is -- I still believe tremendous
upside. So in our operation, so while we are dealing with the mechanic slowdown
and weather anomalies and you name it, we're finally getting the chance to run an
integrated airline. And as we do that with all of our systems, we're able to
move past the point of just integration to taking a look at what the next
generation of systems are. So when we take a look at scheduling practices, we
know that there are potential efficiencies that we can bring about that
potentially saves on flight times. We know that for our pilots and flight
attendants that there are ways that we can meet their needs in actually
creating more lifestyle improved schedules that should also reduce the impact
of redundancies and reserve levels. And we know that there's a lot more work
that we can do on aircraft routing as well now that we have the system all in
one place.

And don't forget, even when it comes to maintenance
operations, we still are operating with a couple of different systems out
there. So restricting ourselves in some way. So more upside is how I view
things, and thanks for bringing it up because I think the opportunity for
investment is good and the payoff will be nice when we get to it.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Any guess on timing?

ROBERT D. ISOM: In terms of timing, 2020 will be a year in
which we have our eyes firmly on operations improvement especially in regard to
efficiency. So it's going to be over the next few years. There are some larger
or longer-term issues in terms of flight management systems and crew scheduling
systems where we'll have to move past some of the legacy systems and think
about next generation. But there is many improvements that we can make along
the way, and Maya, do you want to add anything here?

MAYA LEIBMAN, EXECUTIVE VP & CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: No. I think we're always working on improving our
systems. It's just an ongoing aspect of what we do.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Good news for us as we have a lot of upside
here.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin
Crissey of Citigroup.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, FORMER DIRECTOR & SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe if I could ask you to fast-forward past
this, we've -- if past this being the MAX, the mechanics, let's look out
whether it would be 2020 or 2021, but let's just if we can start with 2020. Not
looking for specific guidance by any stretch at all, but broad strokes is to
what all the changes in 2019 does to your 2020 capacity, cost structure? Should
we see the kind of the inverse of the negative impacts in 2019 as it relates to
2020 on a year-over-year basis? How should we think about that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Well, without giving any guidance
or considering the guidance we haven't -- that we're not prepared to give just
yet on a global basis, and all those, look, I think in terms of what it means
for growth next year, it's certainly 2 things going on. One, you have growth
being [stifled] this year for these issues that won't. And then on top of that,
we've told the growth that we put in place, the growth that we plan to put in
place is doing exceptionally well. So you should expect us to continue along
that. So this will be -- will certainly be a growing airline as we move into
2020.

And then what that means, again, setting aside economic
issues that may or may not happen, what it means for us we think is, an ability
to certainly vis-?-vis the industry, which is probably the best way to think
about it because who know what happens to global issues. Vis-?-vis the
industry, we think as that happens for all the reasons, we've talked -- for a
lot of the reasons we've talked about, which is upside -- that Robert just
talked about. I think we would hope that on that growth, you'd see our unit
revenues improve at a rate that's greater even than the industry and our cost,
as Derek has described, staying well in check and that should result in things
like we would hope, margin improvement and certainly, more improvement than the
group in total. And if I'm remotely right about that because of what Derek's
described in terms of our CapEx profile that, that results in real cash flow
generation and certainly more than I think you'll see from our competitors.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Yes. And we're obviously looking for
a good CASM next year. I had been a little hopeful that it would be this year.
Wasn't sure about next year. This maybe creates the opportunity for that. Go
ahead, I'm sorry.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, more to come on that, but we
agree.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Okay. And maybe for Don, can you talk
about the Transatlantic outlook. There has been some commentary about it being
softer, maybe I missed it in the prepared remarks or during Q&A. And if it
is softer, as we look to Q3 and beyond, why that's the case?

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure. I guess -- here's the way I would
describe. We've seen some softness again in Europe point-of-sale in terms of
both demand and yields, again, the domestic market's been strong. We've been
able to backfill that and grow unit revenue. Again, we were up 3% in the second
quarter and that's with 1.5 points of currency headwind.

Third quarter, again, we don't have quite as much headroom
in the load factor side year-over-year. But if you go look out into the fourth
quarter on the Atlantic, industry capacity is growing at the lowest rate since
it has since 2012, right? So we are really seeing kind of moderating and lower
industry capacity, and in particular, the capacity that's coming out of the
Atlantic as we head into the fall and winter is really low-cost carrier, low
price carriers, right, that are taking the capacity out. So I think the
Atlantic, although it's some -- we see softness in Europe point-of-sale, I
think the capacity profile as we move forward is actually quite positive, and
we would expect that to start to translate into improved yields in the economy
cabin as we head into the next winter.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Excellent. And then if I could sneak
in one more with -- we haven't talked about Miami. When we look at the data,
the South Florida region looks soft internationally. Is that kind of an area of
weakness for you? You talked a lot about regions that were above system
average. I assume that might be one that might be below.

DONALD B. CASEY: No. Actually. It's actually been quite good
for us. Actually for us, Miami is our gateway to Latin America, right? Brazil,
very, very, strong. Caribbean was good. Mexico was very, very strong, and we
had over 20% unit revenue growth in Mexico. And so our profile in Miami
actually is -- actually we're quite encouraged by Miami, and it was actually
our best-performing unit revenue hub in the third quarter -- or second quarter.

OPERATOR: And at this time, I'd like to open up the call to
any media with questions. (Operator Instructions) And again, at this time, I
would like to open up the call to any media with questions. (Operator
Instructions) Okay. And our first question from the media comes from of Mary
Schlangenstein of Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN;BLOOMBERG NEWS: I wondered if -- Don,
you had been talking a lot about demand, but can you talk a little bit more in
detail about domestic demand, whether you are surprised at how it's held up and
specifically, what you think is fueling that ongoing strong demand?

DONALD B. CASEY: Mary, domestic demand has been strong now
for a long time, right? This isn't something that just happened overnight. And
as I mentioned earlier, when we look at going forward, right, we expect that --
we're seeing nothing, right, that's off the trend line that we've seen for
domestic. So again, I don't -- I'm not -- I don't think we can tie it to
anything kind of any recency in terms of anything that's happened domestic.
It's been in this place now for quite a while, and there's nothing, again, that
we see that's going to take us off this trend line.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN;BLOOMBERG NEWS: Okay. And if I can ask
about the A321neo delays, JetBlue talked this week about hearing of additional
delays from Airbus, and can you talk about where you guys are at? How many
planes you had delayed and if there have been any additional either time delays
or aircraft delays for you?

DEREK J. KERR: This is Derek. We have not heard of any
additional delays. We had conversations with Airbus probably a month ago, and
we relooked at the schedule and got those deliveries all set up as part of the
XLR negotiations, so that's been said. I haven't heard of any further delays at
this point in time, but we'll check back in with Airbus after hearing those
conversations to make sure that our aircraft are as-planned from our XLR
negotiations where we respread them a little bit from the original delivery
dates.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN;BLOOMBERG NEWS: And can you say how many
A321neos are involved?

DEREK J. KERR: It's more like there is about -- I think
there was 5 to 10 that just got delayed and then they just pushed the whole
schedule out a little bit. So somewhere in that range are the amount that have
been delayed. But what we did as part of our negotiations is just respread to
put them in order where Airbus can deliver, and we can plan a little bit
better.

OPERATOR: And our next question is from the line of Kris Van
Cleave of CBS News.

KRIS VAN CLEAVE;CBS NEWS: Real quick. Can you talk about --
you mentioned that you're having to cancel some flights because of the
mechanics issue (technical difficulty)

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Kris, we completely lost you.

KRIS VAN CLEAVE;CBS NEWS: I was asking how many flights you
had to cancel because of the mechanics issue that you had (inaudible) daily
number or a weekly number where you are with -- for that, in addition to the
MAX?

DONALD B. CASEY: Kris, so what can I tell, as Doug
mentioned, every morning, we're seeing a lot of -- more aircraft out of service
than had been planned, and we're taking actions to address that. So to -- I
can't give you a specific number every day, but it's certainly been an impact
to the operations. And some days, we've gotten -- on most days, we were way in
front of it, so that we're addressing customers' needs, but it can be in the
number -- it can be in the dozens of flights a day.

KRIS VAN CLEAVE;CBS NEWS: Okay. And when you look at
[quickly] the MAX, Southwest, they pushed it back until January. How confident
are you in November timeline, obviously, confident enough you didn't change it?
But do you see that as realistic before the holidays or you have some level of
expectation that lingers into January?

ROBERT D. ISOM: We're staying in close contact with both Boeing
and the FAA, and we're -- I think is up to speed as anybody, and as a matter of
fact, Boeing had their earnings call yesterday, and I was in touch with their
team last night afterwards. So from what we heard a month or so ago, we really
haven't had -- we don't have any new information that leads us to make changes.
But we're are staying close and will certainly assess. Based on what we know
today. we should be able to hit the timeline of being back up in November.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We will continue to reassess [real
hard].

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Alison
Sider of Wall Street Journal.

ALISON SIDER;WALL STREET JOURNAL: Curious if -- I was
curious if you could say whether you had any -- done any additional work
looking at how customers are feeling about the MAX right now? The sense that
sentiment has evolved one way or the other as the grounding has stretched on.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Alison, we don't really have --
the answer to that -- directly to that question is no, we don't have anything
specific to give you any insight. Certainly, what we know is this. When the FAA
declares that this aircraft is safe to fly, it will be safe to fly and when
American pilots declare that they are comfortable flying it, it will fly. And
what I know is our customers will view those 2 things as extremely important in
their view about whether or not the airplane is safe to flying or not. And so
until that time, I'm certain any customer survey data, which shows some
concerns, I believe once we get to that point those will be largely mitigated
and certainly will over time. But nothing that we can tell you specifically
today about where they are.

ALISON SIDER;WALL STREET JOURNAL: Got it. And just is there
anything you're hopping for from Boeing in terms of sort of like rehabilitating
its brand or restoring trust and confidence in the aircraft. Is there anything
you're hoping that they'll do on that front?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Again, what is most important to us
is that the airplane has been recertified and because the FAA has come to the
conclusion that everything that led them to ground the aircraft has been
mitigated. When that happens, and our pilots are -- believe they are adequately
trained to fly the aircraft and it's now -- has been certified that's what
we're focused upon. And we believe those 2 set of events more than anything
else will make the difference in our consumer attitudes about the aircraft
itself.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of David
Koenig of The Associated Press.

DAVID KOENIG;THE ASSOCIATED PRESS: I am sorry, I'm going to
probably kick the same dead horse that Alison was kicking. But let me put it in
another way. Well, first of all, Doug, if you could explain a little bit more
you said that you had some conversations with the highest levels of Boeing
about what your expectations are relating to compensation, can you say that's
new to Mr. Muilenburg or something less than that if it's Robert talking to
somebody or whatever? And then secondly, what's your campaign going to be to
convince passengers to get on the plane beyond FAA and your pilot showing
confidence in the plane, what are you going to do?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. David, we have no further
information on who is talking to who. But anyway, we have a great relationship
with Boeing and they're a great partner, and we suspect they will continue to
be great partners as we work through all of this, they certainly have been to
date. So that's where we are as it relates to Boeing and again...

DEREK J. KERR: And I'd just say that one piece of planning
that I think is noteworthy is that we anticipate sometime between the aircraft
being ungrounded and when we actually put the aircraft into commercial service
where our pilots and flight attendants will get reacquainted with the aircraft
and we'll actually be flying some level of our team members around. And so I
think that, that is going to be helpful. But as Doug has said the biggest thing
is having our pilots and flight attendants and team all behind this, and
ultimately, flying this aircraft is going to be something that is going to be a
big part of our fleet, and we look forward to taking advantage of all the
capabilities that it offers once it's recertified.

DAVID KOENIG;THE ASSOCIATED PRESS: Are you going to have any
kind of advertising campaign though?

DEREK J. KERR: We don't anticipate that at this time. Again,
I think the biggest thing is being able to provide really comfortable and
certainly reliable service, and that's what when this aircraft is recertified
and our team members are out behind it. I think that, that will be something
that is a hallmark of this aircraft going forward.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of
Leslie Josephs of CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS;CNBC: Just a question on hiring. Southwest
talked about some issues with hiring pilots because of the 737 MAX grounding
and some promotion classes. Are you seeing anything similar with that?

DEREK J. KERR: No. No, we -- the good news is that American
is a fantastic place to work, and we have really for all categories of our team
members. We have people that want to join the team, and we're certainly
monitoring the pilot sourcing for our regional carriers, but we feel really
confident there as well that we have the scheduling practices and compensation
tools to be able to track the team members that we need.

LESLIE JOSEPHS;CNBC: Okay. And just one follow-up. For
passengers who maybe don't want to fly the MAX once it returns or maybe wait a
few months for it to fly safely, is there any way that they can get out of
those reservations or without paying a change fee or cancellation fee. That's
something you're looking at because we've heard this from some of the other
airlines as well.

DEREK J. KERR: Like others, we'll be sure to make the
appropriate accommodations. But over the long run, this is an aircraft that is
going to be out in service and flying well, and we anticipate that everybody's
needs will be taken care of.

OPERATOR: And this does conclude our question-and-answer session
for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Doug Parker for the
closing remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Excellent. Thanks, everybody. Thanks
for your interest, and thanks for sticking with us through this. Any further
questions, let our Corporate Communications or Investor Relations know. Thanks
for your time. Bye.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your
participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may
now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072519a12627417.717










 EXECUTIVES (93%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%);
PRICES (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); SECURITIES
BROKERS (77%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING
(73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

WALL STREET JOURNAL
(55%);

ASSOCIATED PRESS (55%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%);
8710 (TSE) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (83%); BCS (NYSE) (83%); BARC (LSE) (83%); JPM
(NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA)
(82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (83%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (83%); SIC6211 SECURITY
BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF
SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (83%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (82%);
SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (82%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN
BANKS (82%); SIC7383 NEWS SYNDICATES (55%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES
(92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); PASSENGER & CARGO
AIRCRAFT (78%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (77%); CREDIT CARDS (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 June 9, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
26, 2019 Friday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 12144 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Daniel J. Mckenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Jose Caiado De Sousa

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Susan Marie Donofrio

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

* Alison Sider

* John Biers

* Patti Waldmeir

* Ted Reed

* Tracy Rucinski

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the
American Airlines First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions) And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.

I'd now like to turn the conference over to Dan Cravens,
Managing Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Good
morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines Group First Quarter
2019 Earnings Conference Call. With us in the room this morning is Doug Parker,
Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial
Officer. Also in the room for question-and-answer session are several of our
senior execs, including Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer; Steve Johnson,
our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People and
Communications; and Don Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue Management.

Like we normally do, Doug will start the call with an
overview of our financial results. Derek will then walk us through the details
on the first quarter and provide some additional information on our guidance
for the remainder of the year. Robert will then follow with commentary on the
operational performance and revenue environment. And then after we hear from
those comments, we will open the call for analyst questions and then lastly,
questions from the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
events and -- future revenues and costs, forecast of capacity, traffic, load
factor, fleet plans and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions
and expectations as to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties
could cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about
some of these risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press
release issued this morning and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2019.

In addition, we'll be discussing certain non-GAAP financial
measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding unusual items.
A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is included in
the earnings press release, and that can be found on the Investor Relations
section of our website. The webcast of this will also be archived on the
website. The information that we're giving you on today's -- on the call this
morning is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update the
information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us. At this point, I'd like to
turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thank you, Dan. Thank you all for being on the line. I
need to start by thanking our 130,000 team members for the outstanding job they
did of taking care of our customers and each other during some really difficult
circumstances. Robert will talk more about disruption this 737 MAX issue has
caused to our customers and team members, but our team has responded
remarkably. And our customers and our shareholders are the beneficiary of that
work. So we are extremely grateful.

As to earnings, we announced this morning, pretax results
for the quarter of $314 million in profits ex specials, which is $0.52 a share.

As we head into or begin to prepare for the peak summer
travel season, the fundamentals of our business remain strong. Demand for our
product is high. Our near-term forecast, though, has been affected by the 737
MAX grounding, which we currently estimate will negatively impact our 2019
pretax results by approximately $350 million, and that assumes that they were
-- they are flying as we currently have them scheduled, again, by August 19.

And the recent bounce back in oil prices hasn't helped
either. Our current estimate for 2019 fuel expense is approximately $650
million higher than it was when we spoke on this call just 3 months ago.

But despite these challenges, we're still -- anticipate our
2019 EPS to increase approximately 10% versus 2018. And as we look to 2020 and
beyond, we anticipate our free cash flow production will increase significantly
as our historic fleet replacement program winds down.

So we're really bullish on American Airlines and on AAL as
evidenced in the quarter by us purchasing approximately $600 million of
American Airlines equity.

So with that intro, I'm going to turn it over to Derek to go
through a lot more of the numbers, and then Robert will take you through more
analysis as well. Derek?

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Great. Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone. And before I begin,
I'd like to recognize our team also who did a great job taking care of our
customers during the quarter despite a number of challenges, including a
government shutdown, challenging storms at our largest hubs and obviously the
grounding of our 737 MAX fleet. Dealing with these issues has not been easy,
and they have done it with professionalism and commitment. So from all of us,
thank you for all of your efforts.

We filed our first quarter 2019 earnings press release this
morning. Excluding net special items, we reported a first quarter net profit of
$237 million. This is versus $353 million in the first quarter of 2018.

Our diluted earnings per share, excluding special items, in
the first quarter were $0.52 per share, down from $0.74 per share in the first
quarter of 2018.

Our first quarter 2019 pretax profit, excluding net special
items, was $314 million resulting in a pretax margin of 3%.

Before I give more details on our financial performance, I'd
like to provide an update on our fleet. As you are aware, on March 7, 2019, we
announced the unplanned removal of 14 737-800 aircraft from service for
remediation work following the installation of new aircraft interiors resulting
in the cancellation of approximately 940 flights in the quarter. Work on these
aircraft has been completed and all aircraft have been returned to service.

In addition, on March 13, 2019, the FAA grounded all
U.S.-registered Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. Our fleet currently includes 24 Boeing
MAX 8 aircraft with an additional 76 aircraft on order.

As a result of the grounding, we canceled approximately
1,200 flights in the first quarter. In aggregate, we estimate that these
groundings -- grounded aircraft and associated flight cancellations negatively
impacted first quarter pretax income by approximately $80 million, $50 million
of that is attributed to the MAX.

We have now removed all 737 MAX flying from our schedule
through August 19 resulting in a cancellation of approximately 115 flights per
day or approximately 2% of daily capacity during the summer period. Although
these aircraft represent a small portion of the company's total fleet, the
financial impact is disproportionate as most of the revenue from the
cancellations is lost while the vast majority of the costs remain in place. In
total, we presently estimate that 737 MAX cancellations, which we assume right
now will extend only through August 19, to impact our 2019 pretax earnings by
approximately $350 million.

Despite the challenges of our fleet, our total revenues were
a record for the first quarter at $10.6 billion or a 1.8% increase over the
first quarter of 2018. Our total RASM was up for the 10th consecutive quarter
as TRASM increased by 0.5% to $0.1587, also a record for the first quarter.

This revenue growth was driven in part by the continued
success of our Basic and Premium Economy products as well as initiatives to
drive higher load factors in the shoulder periods, all of which helped grow
passenger revenues by 1.9% to $9.7 billion in the first quarter.

Our cargo yields grew by 5.5% for the quarter, but a
reduction in available cargo capacity due to reductions in our flying to China
and Latin America meant that cargo revenues were down 4% to $218 million.

Our loyalty program continues to drive revenue growth, and
other revenues were higher by 1.9% to $708 million for the quarter on higher
card acquisitions.

Total operating expenses in the first quarter of 2019 were
$10.2 billion, up 2%. When fuel and special items are excluded, our unit cost
increased in the first quarter by 2.7% compared to 2018 due primarily to
increased maintenance expense, contractual increases in salaries and benefits,
facility rents and depreciation and amortization.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with
approximately $7.2 billion in total available liquidity. So far this year, our
treasury team has completed a number of transactions including securing
financing for 30 new aircraft through mortgage and sale leaseback transactions.
With the exception of 3 regional aircraft delivering in the fourth quarter, we
have committed financing for all aircraft deliveries through 2019, and we have
committed financing for 25 of our 2020 deliveries. We continue to evaluate
financing options for our remaining mainline and regional aircraft deliveries.

We made contributions of $364 million to our defined benefit
pension plans in the first quarter. For 2019, we still expect total
contributions for the year to be approximately $800 million. Driven by strong
asset performance in the first quarter, we estimated that the funding status of
our plans has improved by over $300 million as of March 31 compared to year-end
or approximately 380 basis points.

In the first quarter, our debt including pensions, continued
to decline driven by contributions to our pension plan and through debt
amortization. We continue to expect that our 2019 year-end debt will

(technical difficulty)

compared to year-end 2018. As the elevated CapEx associated
with our refleeting program ends after this year, we expect this trend to continue
for the foreseeable future.

We remain committed to returning cash above our target
liquidity to shareholders as market conditions merit. During the first quarter,
we repurchased 16.7 million shares for $600 million bringing our share count to
444 million, a 41% decline in the share count since the merger in 2013. Our
available authorization for stock buybacks is now $1.1 billion and expires at
the end of 2020.

We filed our investor update this morning, which include our
guidance for the second quarter and full year 2019. Due to the ongoing impact
of the grounding of our MAX fleet, we now anticipate capacity growth of
approximately 2.5% for the full year and approximately 0.7% in the second
quarter. While lower than our original plan, this capacity growth will still
allow us to fully execute our growth plans at our DFW hub, which will be the
primary driver of our ASM growth for the rest of the year.

For the full year, we now expect that our 2019 cost per ASM,
excluding fuel, special items and new labor deals, will grow by proximately
2.5% driven primarily by increases in maintenance expenses, higher regional
costs due to volume of flying, higher airport rent expense and contractual
salary and benefit increases. This 50 basis point increase from previous
guidance is solely due to the reduction in ASM growth that I mentioned earlier.

Due to lower ASMs in the second and third quarters, we now
expect that our CASM will increase by approximately 4.5% in the second quarter
with growth of approximately 3% in the third quarter. Fourth quarter guidance
remains unchanged at approximately 0.5%.

Fuel price increases -- increased sharply during the first
quarter of 2019. We are forecasting that our average fuel price will be between
$2.14 and $2.19 per gallon for the second quarter of 2019 and $2.13 to $2.18
for the full year. Our anticipated consolidated fuel expense for the full year
is now approximately $650 million higher than our expectations at the start of
the year.

For revenue, we expect that our total revenue per ASM will
grow by between 1% and 3% in the second quarter. Robert will provide more
detail on the revenue environment in his remarks. But given the cost guidance I
outlined above, we expect that our second quarter pretax margin, excluding net
special items, will be between 7% and 9%. Had we not had the impact of the MAX
cancellations on the second quarter, we would have forecasted year-over-year
margin expansion.

Due to the impact of the grounding of our MAX fleet, which
is about $0.60 per diluted share, and the significant increase in fuel expense
for the full year, which is about $1.25 per share, we now anticipate that our
earnings per diluted share, excluding special items, will be between $4 and $6
per share in 2019, an increase of approximately 10% at the midpoint over our
2018 adjusted earnings per share. We still anticipate that we will see margins
expansion in the back half of the year.

We continue to anticipate an incremental $1 billion in
revenue improvements and $300 million in cost reductions from our one airline
cost initiatives in 2019. However, with fuel expenses where it is currently
forecasted for the remainder of the year, we plan to take another look at all
of our initiatives and our growth plan -- our planned growth in the second half
of the year in 2020.

We have revised our expectations for aircraft CapEx in 2019,
which now anticipate it will be $2.7 billion, down from $3 billion in previous
guidance due primarily to the late delivery of 5 A321neo aircraft that will now
be received in 2020. As a result of the delay of the neo deliveries in -- to
2020, total CapEx will now -- expected to be $4.4 billion in 2019, $3.6 billion
in 2020 and remain unchanged in 2021 at $2.2 billion.

So far, 2019 has presented some unexpected challenges, but
our team has responded admirably to take care of our customers and each other.
We're excited by the opportunities we have to grow our business for the rest of
2019 and beyond. And we look forward to executing on all of our plans.

With that, I will turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to thank
our team members for doing a great job of taking care of our customers. Their
dedication and commitment to delivering outstanding customer service was a
crucial component in our ability to generate record first quarter revenues.
This was no easy task, particularly given the challenges we faced with our
fleet and weather.

As we prepare for summer, our focus is around planning for
the busiest travel period of the year. And as Derek mentioned, on April 14, we
made the decision to extend the cancellations of our Boeing 737 MAX aircraft
through August 19. Our team has done a remarkable job in taking care of our customers,
and it's been a real challenge given the magnitude of this disruption.

For flights through August 19, we have had to reaccommodate
almost 700,000 customers. 700,000 customers from almost 15,000 MAX
cancellations. And it's not just our passengers, it's literally thousands of
our crew members that have had their work schedules altered on very short
notice. And that means that our reservations, customer relations and crew
resources teams have been working nonstop and overtime to take care of our customers
and team. So again, from all of us to our colleagues, thank you.

Based upon our ongoing work with the FAA and Boeing, we are
confident that the MAX will be recertified prior to August 19. But by extending
our cancellations through the summer, we can plan more reliably for the peak
travel season and provide confidence to our customers and team members that we
will operate our planned schedule.

Once the MAX is recertified, we anticipate bringing these
aircraft back into service as spares to supplement our operation as needed
during the summer.

As we have discussed on past earnings calls, we have several
initiatives to improve our operating reliability. The initiatives we are
undertaking are making sure that our aircraft are ready to start the day, depart
on time and then turn throughout the day on schedule. We also continue to
evaluate and refine our planning processes to ensure that we are ready to
deliver better service during our peak travel periods throughout the year.

While we still have a lot of work to do, I am pleased to
report that despite the challenges we have had with our fleet, we've improved
our competitive position for reliability. Our relative on-time performance and
completion factor both improved. We've seen particularly strong performance
from our Northeast hubs in Philadelphia, DCA, LaGuardia and JFK.

And our regional operations have been outstanding,
delivering the expected results from our continued investment in the regional
fleet, the simplification of our Eagle partner portfolio and performance
initiatives to ensure consistency across the regional business.

We've made steady improvements in our international widebody
performance as well delivering the best quarter of on-time performance in our
history, and we're setting new reliability records for our cargo customers as
well.

On the products side, we have continued to take big steps
forward in creating a world-class customer experience. During the first
quarter, we opened newly renovated Admirals Clubs in Boston and Charlotte
nearly doubling the seating capacity. And our renovation project at Pittsburgh
just finished up last week. We will also be growing our network of Flagship
First Dining and Flagship Lounges with DFW opening later in the second quarter.

During the first quarter, we announced new innovative and
exclusive partnerships that further differentiate American from competition
with the private suite at Los Angeles International Airport and with Blade, a
helicopter transfer service at both LAX and JFK. These new partnerships further
enhance American's already well-known 5-star service offerings for premium
customers.

In addition, we announced an enhanced partnership with Hyatt
Hotels. Elite members in both the AAdvantage and World of Hyatt loyalty
programs will be rewarded with more ways to earn points, miles and status on
qualifying American flights in Hyatt Hotel stays.

On the digital front, in-flight WiFi has long been a
frustration for airline customers as slow speeds and frequent outages had made
for a difficult experience. This is no longer the case with American. We have
now had -- we now have the bandwidth to meet their needs -- our customers'
needs as our installations of high-speed WiFi throughout our domestic fleet are
nearly complete. We've also activated free live TV on nearly all of our
mainline aircraft. And we continue to be the only U.S. carrier to offer live
television on international flights.

In addition, we launched a new exclusive partnership with
Apple giving our customers access to Apple music to stream more than 50 songs,
playlists and music videos on any domestic flight equipped via satellite WiFi.
These are just a few of the examples of the investments that we have made in
our product that further differentiate American from the competition.

As we look to our network, we are leveraging our strengths
with high-margin growth planned at our Dallas-Fort Worth and Charlotte hubs.
The first stage of that growth commences in May, where we'll begin using our 15
new gates at DFW, which will add approximately 100 departures per day. We've
already begun selling tickets to 23 new routes and additional frequencies in
over 70 markets. And the early results are encouraging as both bookings and
yields are coming in at rates higher than the system average.

This marks the first opportunity for significant growth at
one of our most profitable hubs. We are excited about adding this capacity,
particularly into the diverse and robust North Texas economy, which is one of
the fastest-growing regions in the U.S.

We remain on track with our growth plans in Charlotte for
2020 and at our hub in Washington, DCA in 2021.

Our global sales and distribution team produced strong
results last quarter as corporate revenue growth outpaced system revenue growth
on healthy corporate demand and improved corporate fare environment. The team
continues to execute on making American Airlines the easiest airline to do
business with, including recent corporate recognition enhancements. Corporate
customers now receive complimentary priority access, which includes a priority
check-in, priority security and Group 4 boarding. And during irregular
operations, corporate customers now receive a higher prioritization for
reaccommodation.

Working with our corporate customer advisory board, we
receive guidance and feedback on this and other strategic initiatives
solidifying American Airlines as the preferred airline for business travelers.

The first quarter was also another record-breaking quarter
for new corporate account acquisitions ensuring a strong and healthy pipeline
for future corporate growth. Based on our recent corporate customer survey, 90%
of respondents said that they plan to increase or maintain their spend in 2019
as compared to last year. So we feel confident about corporate demand for the
remainder of the year.

In loyalty, we continue to see strong growth in AAdvantage
flyers along with more customers qualifying for elite status with
year-over-year yield improvements exceeding system increases. We're also seeing
strong growth in redemption bookings. We set first quarter records for
acquisitions and spend on our AAdvantage credit cards, and we expect that to
carry forward for the full year.

As we've previously mentioned, the enhancements to our
Citi/AAdvantage Platinum Card and the introduction of the no-fee MileUp card
last year have increased customer engagement in both acquisitions and
retention. This quarter, we're excited to announce new benefits for our
Barclays Red and Silver Aviator cards beginning on May 1. New card features
include an annual companion certificate, enhancements to the travel experience
with credits for onboard WiFi and food and beverages. With these changes, we
believe we offer an unrivaled portfolio of cards to engage a broad range of
customers.

Our product segmentation strategy continues to provide
choice for our customers and drive incremental revenue for the company. With
our Premium Economy retrofit program now complete, American has more aircraft
with this differentiated product than any other U.S. airline. The average fare
for Premium Economy continues to be twice the coach fare, making it the most
profitable use of square footage on our widebody aircraft. We are an industry
leader in this category, and our customers are noticing as we were recently
recognized by TripAdvisor for having the best Premium Economy product for the
-- for North American carriers in their Travelers' Choice Awards.

All of this resulted in record first quarter revenue of
$10.6 billion, up approximately 2% year-over-year. On a unit revenue basis,
total revenue per available seat mile improved 0.5% year-over-year. This marks
the 10th consecutive quarter of positive unit revenue growth for American. We
are pleased with our revenue performance. Although we were slightly below
guidance, we were on track until the middle of March and the grounding of MAX,
after which we saw close-in softness through the balance of March due to
schedule uncertainty resulting from the MAX-related cancellations.

Also, as a reminder, in 2018, we made a big investment on
our AAdvantage program, making it more valuable to customers. We significantly
increased the inventory available for redemptions in 2018, increasing the value
of the mile to our customers, while also giving our customers more flexibility
to use their miles. For the quarter, these changes had a negative impact of 0.9
points to unit revenue. We anticipate a similar impact for the remainder of the
year. Normalizing for this, our passenger unit revenue would have increased
1.5% in the quarter, a solid result considering the impact of the MAX grounding
and our exposure to weak long-haul Latin markets.

We led the industry in year-over-year performance in both
the Atlantic and Pacific entities as we were able to grow load factor in a weak
pricing environment. The Pacific also benefited from our network restructuring
to China and our partnership with Japan Airlines. Japan unit revenue grew by
double digits.

Our normalizing unit revenue for the domestic business grew
by 1.2%, in spite of the MAX grounding. Latin performance was weak for American
in the first quarter due to Argentina and Venezuela unit revenues which were
down by over 20%, and also difficult year-over-year comps. We expect the Latin
entity to move to positive territory in the second quarter.

Looking forward, we expect our second quarter year-over-year
TRASM to be up 1% to 3%, a 1.5 point sequential improvement from the first
quarter. This incorporates a negative 0.5 point impact due to the MAX grounding
and a negative to unit revenue because the MAX cancellations are
higher-yielding, lower stage-length flights from an overall system perspective.
And we are reaccommodating passengers into seats that would have otherwise sold
at higher fare levels.

So as we prepare for the busy summer season, we're all
excited about what the future holds for American Airlines. We're intensely
focused on creating value for our shareholders by running a great operation,
continuing to improve our product and taking advantage of the opportunities to
strengthen our network.

With that, we'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator and begin our question-and-answer session. Thank you.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And our first question
comes from David Vernon of Bernstein.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I wanted to ask a little bit about the
guide-down on fuel and how you're thinking about the revenue environment as we
get through the year. Obviously, you can't give us guidance on what TRASM should
be doing. But I wanted to make sure there isn't something that's following on
from the disruptions caused by MAX that might make it harder for you to go
ahead and exercise a little bit more pricing in a market where there's less
capacity and higher fuel cost.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay, sure, David. This is Doug. And
let me first take the guidance point, and then Don can talk more about the
environment itself. Anyway, the guidance change was simply -- again oil prices
are -- just the change in oil price compared to 3 months ago was $650 million
higher for us. We didn't build into our guidance some hope that because oil
prices were higher than they were 3 months ago, that fares in the future are
going to be higher than they are today. That may be the case, we shall see. But
we didn't do that.

In this case, yes, they're 3 months higher -- they're $650
million higher than they were 3 months ago but they're not much higher or much
different than they were a year ago or certainly throughout 2018. So they went
down for a period of time. At the time we gave our last guidance, they have
recovered. That doesn't -- well, we'll do everything we can, of course, to make
sure we're pricing to cover our cost and increased cost.

As to the guidance itself, largely just as the fuel price
being adjusted back to current levels versus where they were 3 months ago.

Don, do you want to talk about the environment itself?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Yes. Sure. So just -- we did see during the first quarter a bit
of weakness in leisure yields. This was driven primarily by price reductions
and flow in connecting markets in the domestic business plus some sporadic and
aggressive pricing in [TransCard] markets. The biggest impact, however, was just
the grounding of the MAX through the end of March and through April. As we look
forward, from where we are right now, our load factors are up in future months.
And the yield environment has stabilized, and we're seeing growth every week
and yield's are pretty happy with what the outlook looks like, which is one of
the reasons why we've guided up a 1.5 point from the first quarter.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Okay. And then maybe just as a quick
follow-up to that. I think some of the other -- the airlines that have reported
have said -- have actually called out a little bit more sequential improvement
in things like corporate bookings. Can you comment a little bit on how the
close-in bookings look at current for American?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. So, again, as we went through
the quarter, we -- actually we saw through January and February, like very,
very strong close-in yields for bookings within 13 days of departure. With the
MAX cancellations, we did see some share shift. This was caused by the fact
that we reaccommodated customers onto flights and just less seats out in the
market to go sell. That is an impact to the end of March and really through
April as well.

And we saw just because of schedule uncertainty as we
canceled the schedule in 3 tranches, some customers moving away just due to
schedule uncertainty. That has now kind of come back. And we're seeing the same
kind of close-in yield improvements that we saw in January and February.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Jamie Baker of
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: The August 19 MAX
date would seem to imply that recertification would need to occur sometime in
July. I mean I suppose you can operate the aircraft as spares once you have the
green light. But obviously, you need several weeks to sell the inventory. So
that July timing seems to be at odds with a growing consensus that a global
regulatory consensus may be needed. And of course, rolling cancellations such
as this diminish yield production. So why wouldn't the better, more profitable
strategy be removing the MAXs into the holidays, adjusting labor lines
accordingly and reaping the RASM benefits associated with that reduced
capacity?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay, Jamie. Let me try first the
premise. And then if you'd like, explain why -- if we did what you're
suggesting, I think that would not be -- that would actually hurt earnings, not
help them.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: By all means.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, so anyway, on the premise
itself that -- when these aircraft come back into service. As Robert said, we
after getting every piece of information we can from the FAA and Boeing who've
been working closely with us, of course, we came to the conclusion that we
needed for our customers' certainty in booking and for our team members to put
the start-up date as far out in the future as we thought with -- as we said to
the FAA and Boeing, "Look we need like 95% certainty that the aircraft --
that what we're going to be selling will actually be flown." That's what
we think about August 19.

There are all sorts of different suggestions as to what is
required to do this. But the reality is the FAA and the DOT regulate the U.S.
carriers. They're working closely with Boeing. Everything we see at this point
is there -- is a fix that makes the aircraft airworthy for any airline. And
when that -- when they make that determination, we expect the aircraft will be
recertified. And again, we believe August 19 is a date that gives us a lot of
certainty, gives our customers certainty. And expect actually that it will be
certified well before that day. So that's why we set it there because we think
it's well outside the date.

So anyway, actually that's where we are, I don't know --
doing something different than that. And that's why we did it. That's because
we believe that the aircraft will be certified before that. And certainly hope
that's the case.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. Second, and this may be a
little bit tougher. Can you give us a feel for how many new hires you've made
in pricing and revenue management over the past 970 days? Not entry-level, but
any mid-to-high level type hirings?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, maybe you can tell us why
you'd like to know that? I am just confused what you're trying to get at,
Jamie?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: I believe that your marketing
department received a blow roughly 970 days ago with Scott's departure.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay. Thanks. Don?

DONALD B. CASEY: There really hasn't been anybody. And so
mid-market, mid-level and up in the organization is -- are all people that were
here when Scott was here.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Darryl Genovesi
of Vertical Research Partners.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH
PARTNERS, LLC: Derek, can you just help provide some sensitivity around -- some
earnings sensitivity around a potentially longer 737 MAX grounding? I mean I
guess, I'm looking for something like if we lose it for an extra month, then
the EPS, it is X? Can you -- are you able to do that?

DEREK J. KERR: It will be harder to do. But I mean I can
give you what the EPS impact -- I mean we said it's $0.60 for where we're at.
The -- by month or by quarter, right now in the second quarter, we said it was
a $350 million impact. We have $50 million in the first quarter, approximately
$185 million in the second quarter and approximately $115 million in the third
quarter. So I would say the $185 million in the second quarter is a full quarter.
So that's a number that's there the whole time. But that is the summer and
that's the peak. So it might be a little bit higher than if it continued into
August, September, October. It might have a little bit less effect where we
probably have a little bit more room.

I mean the reason we took it down to August 19 is that's
when the end of the summer is and when the peak is. So we may have a little bit
more room in August and September to cover some of the flying. So I think
that's the best we can do right now from that effect. But you got $0.60 a
share, and then the impact about $180 million in a full quarter.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: That's good. That's helpful. And
then Robert or Don, just looking at booking trends that you've seen since the
MAX was initially -- or maybe even going back to before the MAX was grounded,
but when some of these headlines started coming up, have you seen anything in
booking trends that would suggest a -- or [locked-ins] on the part of your
customer base to take 737NG flights? I mean I guess I'm just thinking to the
infrequent traveler a 737-800 and a 737-8 sound like more or less exactly the
same thing. So just wondering if you've seen anything like that yet? And if
that's something that we should worry about, even post the return to service by
the MAX?

DONALD B. CASEY: The answer to that is no. There's not a
significant change in load factors from what we can see. I think the bigger
issue has been schedule uncertainty. Don't forget that to get to where we are
now, we had to go through a series of tranches and cancellations that were all
close-in. And as Don had mentioned earlier, we had -- for close-in bookings, we
saw share shift that definitely benefited some of our competition. The good
news is, is that now we've canceled further out, that that certainty is back
and it really gives us something that we can go out with our sales and
distribution teams to give confidence that, that schedule is certain.

But in regard to questions about preference for aircraft
types, we don't -- we haven't seen anything like that.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Hunter Keay of
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So you guys are up to about over
-- actually you're over $3 billion in merger-related costs being pulled out of
CASM now 5 years after the merger. You're not the only airline to do that. And
so, sorry to isolate you here, but curious to know when these are going to
stop? And how much of the special items this quarter or in that $3 billion have
been cash?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'll intro and then Derek can give
the details. Look, really good question, one that we ask ourselves all the time
and our auditors ask us. But the reality is what we -- we're very careful about
what we include in special items. They are meant to be items that are
nonrecurring items. Therefore, to give all of us, our investors in particular,
an idea of what the ongoing financial performance of the company is.

So -- and the fact of the matter is, in an airline,
merger-related activities still go on 4 and 5 years later, and they still are.
So we work through with our auditors to figure out what exactly things that are
going on that are still related to the merger. We still have issues related to
the merger. It's something we -- just this quarter we got our flight attendants
on to one scheduling system. So that they can work together. There's a lot more
to do in maintenance and other items.

So they are items that we wouldn't do if it weren't for the
merger, that wouldn't have been in either company's P&L if they were
separate. They're there because we merged 2 airlines and have to incur expenses
as a result of the merger. But Derek, any more detail?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I would say is it's exactly right. I
think from a cash standpoint, the merger and integration items are cash --
items that come out of cash. Whereas I think the fleet restructuring is noncash
and it's just bringing [falling] forward catch-up depreciation and accelerated
depreciation. Example is the aircraft that -- as part of the merger, we're
doing our, we call it, the Oasis project or the project to conform the aircraft
and make sure that they're -- all the seats are same on both A321s and the 73s.
That makes us go on the newer 737 aircraft and retire like the seats in the
videos on the [back] 5 years earlier, and that's catch-up depreciation that you
put in there. So that's noncash. Merger and integration is almost all cash as
you break out the 2 numbers.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Robert or
whoever, maybe Don, you talked about Dallas growth and obviously, you
referenced the economic strength in the region. But capacity in the DFW area is
going to be about 50% higher this summer than it was in 2010. How are you
thinking about that in terms of maybe over-saturating the market, competing
against yourself either via local or connecting basis and just managing the
risk around some of this growth?

DONALD B. CASEY: I don't think we're actually up 50%. I'm
not sure where...

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Not you. No. No. Don, not you. It's the
DFW area, between you and Love Field, to be clear. Sorry.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. Even looking at us and Love Field, I'm
not sure how you get to a 50% number. I mean a big part of the growth in Love
Field is capped, right? So there's really no departure growth happening at Love
Field right now. We're growing about 100 departures, right, DFW from 800 to
900. But anyway.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Don, I'm sorry. I was talking about --
just to be clear, from 2010. It's a long time ago. Not year-on-year. But it's
arguably a cherry-picked [stop] but the point is there's a lot more capacity
now than it was 10 years ago. And I'm just trying to make sure how you guys are
thinking about the competitive impact, either from yourselves or others? That's
all I'm getting at.

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure. Well, as we get from 2010 to 2018,
right, which was up until last year, it's been one of our best-performing hubs
during an entire time period, right? We're growing it this year. A big
percentage of the customers we're going to grow are going to be connecting
customers, right? So not really reliant just on the DFW market. And again, when
we look at the early results in terms of the -- how the new markets are booking
up, they're booking up at or above the system average, I think, we're pretty
encouraged.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. And looking at all that, Jamie,
is -- I'm sorry, Hunter, I need to retire, and it's not intentional, I promise.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: By the way, Jamie and I were just
discussing that earlier this morning, ironically...

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I know. Sincere apologies to you
both. So look, we -- again, I mean this is one of these once-in-a-lifetime
opportunities that are good for the airline on every -- in every way. It is our
largest hub. The chance to expand it by a 100 departures doesn't come along
very often. It's -- frankly, it's not so much about Dallas as it is about the
United States because we connect -- we will be connecting most of those people
over Dallas much more to markets that we weren't able to sell before in some
cases that our competitors were able to sell and other cases that we just sold
not very efficiently.

So it's -- these things, as Robert noted, we add these
flights. They come in at system average. They don't need to build-up their
markets. But there's demand for the travel. And you fly an airplane into the
Dallas-Fort Worth, and it connects people to hundreds of markets that they
didn't have opportunities to fly to before. It's building up the hub, getting
it to be even more powerful than it is today. And it's really -- it's very nice
growth.

DEREK J. KERR: Hunter, I'd just add that these 15 gates in
this Satellite E, it's a fantastic opportunity. So versus going out and spending
tens of millions of dollars for a gate anywhere else for growth, these are a
fraction -- and a fraction of that kind of cost. And we're ready to go. So
excited.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Jose Caiado of
Crédit Suisse.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA, RESEARCH ANALYST, CRéDIT SUISSE AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I was hoping we could start just with the cost of the MAX
grounding, which you quantified at $350 million for the year. I guess I'm
struggling to reconcile that with what we heard yesterday from your crosstown
competitor, which has larger fleet exposure than you do but appears to be
guiding to a lesser MAX impact for the full year. Could you just maybe walk us
through why that might be and the moving pieces there? Is that maybe a function
of where you concentrated your MAX fleet? Just any help there.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay. First, well anyway, look the
number -- their absolute number is -- that they gave one. And if they did, if
it's dramatically different, so...

DEREK J. KERR: And the only thing we could figure out from
their guidance was they went -- CASM was worse by 4%, and RASM went up by 1%.
So a 4-point -- basis point reduction in earnings, which would be over -- on
their margin would be over $250 million in the second quarter, so...

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: So -- but we shouldn't speak for
them.

DEREK J. KERR: But I don't -- but we don't, yes.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: But our analysis at least of what
they said looked consistent with ours, is what we should say. We may be missing
that. But what -- we just looked at what they said and came to those numbers,
as Derek said, that way. So it seemed totally consistent, to the -- in terms of
the absolute number.

The inconsistency versus ours a little bit is Robert
suggested that our RASM in the second quarter would be lower than it would have
been otherwise. They suggested it would be higher and they have higher CASM and
we didn't have our [CASM go up] that much.

And again, this is not speaking for them, only for us, but
trying ourselves to understand why that may be. That is that we see more of a
revenue per ASM change and they see -- we see revenue per ASM falling actually
and they see it going up a little bit in the second quarter.

A few points to make. One, in -- this 737 MAX, of course, is
an entirely domestic airplane. So in the American Airlines system, while the
domestic revenue per ASM is a higher number than revenue per ASM international
and could largely go to stage length. So Southwest obviously doesn't have that
issue. They don't -- anyway, so they're not taking out their highest revenue
per ASM flying. In this case we are. It's just a math issue basically. But that
would have an impact.

The other point that I imagine is the case, Robert talked
about how painful this is to us. At American, in the near term, when we have
people who have bought travel in advance, so in our pricing model, some leisure
travelers with advance purchases who have bought lower-price tickets and then
we cancel them in the relatively near term in a peak, we need to provide them
seats that we were holding back for higher-price customers -- for
higher-yielding customers. So that has a real impact on revenue per ASM. And
again, Southwest pricing model has less of that than ours.

So those again, is our best guess as to why they may be
seeing a different thing on revenue per ASM than we are. But the total
profitability impact to us looked right in line with where we are. But if we're
wrong on that, let us know.

What I can tell you for certain is we feel really confident
with our number. We spent a lot of time on it, and we feel really good about
our estimate.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA: Yes. That's totally fair, Doug, I know
it's not clean math but that's helpful.

Just switching gears, Robert or Don maybe, I was hoping you
could give us an update on where you are with those IT initiatives or that
infrastructure work that you were doing that was going to enhance our ability
to kind of pushout more offers and drive more ancillary conversions. Is that
project completed and contributing already?

ROBERT D. ISOM: No. Don you can -- and Maya can add in here,
too. It's -- we're on track be able to really put some nice offers out to
customers that -- post purchase but preflight at the end of this month.

DONALD B. CASEY: And that's right. Our first product is for
instant upsell. So it's the ability to push offers at upsell in the premium
cabin. And we're going to be in market with our initial product by the end of
May.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Dan Mckenzie of
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: First question is really just sort of a clarifying
question regarding the full year guide. The narrative in the first quarter was
off-peak pricing weakness because there was too much capacity. And as I just
kind of look at the growth that you guys are laying out for the fourth quarter,
it's up 6%. And not asking you guys to give a revenue forecast for the fourth
quarter, but I'm just hoping you can clarify whether the -- kind of the revised
guide does factor in some off-peak pricing weakness that is probably likely to
manifest in the fourth quarter or what gives you comfort that the fourth
quarter won't be a repeat of the first quarter?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Just let me -- when we talk about
growth for this year, it is DFW and then the start of Charlotte. So again, as
we take a look at any of the growth that -- as Don had mentioned earlier, any
of the growth that we had planned for this summer, and as we extend out into
that schedule for DFW and Charlotte, we think that, that is smart growth and
it's growth that is going to maintain performance for us as we take a look out
through the end of the year.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Okay. But I'm just trying to -- does the
fourth quarter factor-in potentially some pricing weakness? Or there is a -- I
mean maybe you can just help -- because that -- Hunter's question actually was
my question as well. Maybe you can you just help us understand the nature of
the growth. What percent of the growth is smaller high-yielding markets? What
percent is kind of the larger competitive markets that may be lost on folks
just as we kind of think about the revenue trajectory through the end of the
year?

DONALD B. CASEY: Again, the bulk of the growth is going to
be focused on Dallas, right, skewed to overall domestic growth. Domestic has,
again, higher nominals, right? So the entity mix as we head into the fourth
quarter is going to be favorable for us.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Smaller markets though? I mean like 50%
of the growth out of Dallas is to smaller higher-yielding markets? Is there --
can you just help give us a little bit more clarity there?

DEREK J. KERR: 50% regional. So that would be the case.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Susan Donofrio of
Macquarie Capital.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH:
Just wanted to get some more color on your international markets in terms of
the trends you're seeing. And if you could also just provide a little more
color on competition in those markets?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. Sure. This is Don. If you go look at
the first quarter, Latin was our most challenged entity for the quarter.
Particular for Argentina and Venezuela, where we saw revenue declines of more
than 20%.

Just as a reminder, we did end up suspending operations to
Venezuela on March 28. So that won't have an impact as we look forward.

We also in the first quarter had particularly difficult
comps in Latin America. Unit revenue growth in the first quarter last year was
up 12% while the rest of the industry grew in the 5% range. We also faced some
currency headwinds in the first quarter in Latin America by about 1.7 points.

But as we look forward into the second quarter in Latin
America, we expect Latin America to actually be positive in the second quarter
and we expect Brazil to have positive unit revenue in the second quarter as
well.

In Atlantic, we did see softer pricing in the economy cabin
during the first quarter, which we were able to offset with higher load
factors. Premium demand did hold up. We were able to improve our yields in the
premium cabins. U.K. was our top-performing market in the first quarter and we
have not really seen any impact at this point related to Brexit. And we expect
similar to potentially slightly better performance in Atlantic as we look into
the second quarter.

Pacific was our best-performing entity for the quarter we
had unit revenue growth about 9%. Gains were really in both yield and load
factor and across both economy and business cabins. So just very broad strength
in the Pacific. Every entity in Pacific had positive unit revenue growth led by
Hong Kong and Japan. We benefited from our restructuring of our operations to
China and our partnership with China Southern. So we added 5 additional [culture]
cities to Beijing and Shanghai. We now cover, either through our unmet or
through our culture with China Southern, 86% of demand. So we expect Pacific
looking forward to be solidly profitable in the second quarter -- sorry,
solidly positive in the second quarter as well.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO: Great. And then just as a follow-up.
Is there anything you're doing in terms of further integration of your alliance
partners?

DONALD B. CASEY: That's just an ongoing process, right? So
with all of our joint businesses, we have a road map of initiatives on how
we're going to better integrate our services because that's really the key.
It's creating more seamless experience for customers across the combined
networks.

DEREK J. KERR: And there's good news on the horizon. We're
very confident that our Qantas JV will be approved to go forward sometime soon
and that's beneficial, and we're constantly at work with IAG, especially BA on
making sure that everything that we do is making our product more consistent
and easier to use for our customers.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from Andrew Didora of
Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Really just one question, Doug. As you outlined in your release, free
cash flow should increase significantly heading into 2020 and really kind of be
the first year of true free cash flow generation since the merger. I know this
has been the story given your CapEx program and I know that cash hasn't come in
the door for a bit, but can you maybe give us a sense of what your priorities
are going to be for that free cash flow as you stand right now?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thanks Andrew. They'll be
consistent with what you've seen from us to date. And then looking -- and our
view on capital allocation goes like this. As we generate cash, we use it first
-- again having generating cash, having invested in the operation but having
produced revenues in excess of what we've spent in the operation.

We then look to invest in the business in any manner that
can get returns for our investors that meet our thresholds. Those obviously, as
we get through all of this, both merger, capital expense and fleet monetization
expense fall off. So we'll have -- we have less need for CapEx is what we're
saying. We then look to -- with the cash flow then that still exists, free cash
flow that comes, we look to make sure that all of our debt is efficient and not
at a level that is of any -- is remotely concerning. So if there's any debt
that can be -- that is at high levels can be prepaid, any debt that's coming
due, do it as amortizing, we pay off and may or may not decide to refinance
based upon where we're at the time.

Having done all that, if -- what we want to be certain is,
at least in today's environment, that we have at least $7 billion of liquidity
at any time. That's an enormous amount of cash for a company our size. But that
is the cost to our shareholders of us being more levered.

What we know is, as confident as we are in the future, we
need to be prepared for any short of -- any sort of Black Swan-type events that
could require us to need additional capital. So we hold a lot of cash with the
view that, that's more important in those times than having unencumbered
airplanes, which are hard to finance in those times.

So having done all of that, to the extent there's still free
cash flow, that goes to our shareholders because we've determine that there's
-- that we've used what we've generated to as best we can and having no other
alternatives, we look to give it back to our shareholders. If we believe the
stock is undervalued, the best way to do that is buy back our shares. If we
happen to believe the stock is fairly valued, we would look to do things like
dividends. So that's what you should expect.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi of
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, kind of along
those lines, you've got the free cash flow outlook over the next few years. You
know what your stock is trading at now. Is there any thought to kind of pulling
some of that forward? You've talked about eventually lowering the $7 billion to
something like $5 billion. What are your thoughts there at this point?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Thanks. I don't believe I ever
said the $7 billion -- that we're going to lower the $7 million to $5 billion.
So I just want to correct that. But what I have said I think, is that $7
billion is a really high number for a company our size. I'm always careful to
note that because some people started talking about that as some sort of a
minimum cash. It's nothing close. That's a maximum cash basically, you could
run this airline up to probably $2 billion of cash before you started being --
before you started having sort of issues about the future.

But -- so we hold basically a $5 billion cushion, I think, I
said. And maybe at some point, I think, it will be -- it will make sense to
relook that number. But where we are today, we still believe that's the right
number we still do have. We still are working through merger issues. We still
do have some large CapEx expenditures in this year. And frankly, we still --
this earnings level that we're projecting isn't what we believe is an earnings
level that gets us excited about [reducing] that number either.

So for all those reasons, we think $7 billion is the right
number at this point in time. And as aggressive as we are in terms of wanting
to return capital to shareholders certainly and aggressive at these valuations
and wanting to repurchase shares, we are equally, if not, well we are more
aggressive in our view that we're not going to violate the $7 billion cash
number as we move forward. We think that's important that we keep in place that
as we sit here today.

As we move forward, I suspect we'll come to the conclusion
that we don't need to have that large of a number. But we're still working
through. All the issues I said and as we do so, it feels like the right number
now.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then just on the 3, 5, 7,
I mean I know the proxy will come out shortly, can you just talk about whether
the bonus will got funded in 2018 because I think you fell short on a pretax
income basis of the $3 billion? And then how you're thinking about that going
forward? And any changes you're kind of thinking about on the 3, 5, 7?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Happy to. And again, the 3, 5,
7 if anyone else doesn't know what we're talking about, we haven't had that for
a while, our short-term incentive plan tied to pretax profits with the
threshold of $3 billion, target of $5 billion, maximum of $7 billion, which as
we've stated is our long-term yield about the profitability-generating
potential of this company.

In 2018, you're right, on a reported basis, we were slightly
below $3 billion on any pretax level. But this calculation is made prior to the
payments themselves, of course, and prior to profit-sharing. So what you'll see
in the proxy is that while it was reported number below $3 billion for the --
in terms of the planned calculation, it was slightly above $3 billion. So the
team got a 51% of their target bonus in 2018.

As we move to 2019 and setting the plan, we -- as to the
named executive officers, me and my direct reports, are still on, in 2018, the
3, 5, 7 plan. But look, we got to be careful about making sure that while we
may believe that's a long-term future, we got to make certain that we have
incentive plans that allow our team to believe they have a reasonable chance at
getting their bonuses in any given year. So we did amend the plan for everyone
below the NEOs to be split into 2 components now, a financial plan and the
operational plan, 50-50 of each. And the financial piece, we tied for 2018 --
for 2019, I'm sorry, to $4 billion of pretax earnings and starting at 0, much
like the profit-sharing does. S

o that's where we set it going forward. [A long way to be
saying], which I think you probably care about more is what is our view about
3, 5, 7 over the long term. It's still -- again, we've said it there, I still
believe this company has the potential. I will tell you, as we sit here today
and given where we are for the past couple of years, as you think about
explaining to people where you think you are, I would say certainly as you go
into 2019, it feels a lot more like 3, 4, 5. 4 is a good year, 5 would be a
great year and 3 is not a very good year. That's -- I don't try to make any big
statement there about our long-term view of the company but just rather let you
know what it feels like today. And really what I'm saying is it's tightened
somewhat that range. And we'll see where it goes going forward.

But what I would also point out is if you want to go build
the numbers like that into models into the future, you're going to find -- I
believe you will find that our stock is well undervalued because it's not
trading like a -- it's certainly not trading a 3, 5, 7. It is not trading like
a 3, 4, 5. And that's where we believe we are today.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Savi Syth of
Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I just had 2 quick follow-up
questions. Just on the summer operations in Dallas, I recognize that you're
getting additional gates. So it's not like you're working more gates. But just
given the extra flying, are you comfortable with kind of the air side capacity
and that we are not going to see something like we saw in LAX a couple of years
ago?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. A great news on that is we've had teams
at -- hard at work for literally over a year to make sure not only the facility
is ready to go but service management at the airport and then also ATC is ready
to go. And so when we take a look at, from a regional perspective or from a
mainline perspective, and whether you're talking about gates or equipment or
personnel, we've already ramped up to a considerable level. We're not quite at
the 900 level yet but we will be at the end of this month and really confident
about where we go -- where we are going forward.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: That's helpful. And just a quick
follow-up on the capacity. You mentioned that you will take a look at forward
capacity, if kind of fuel stays higher as we get into the shoulder periods
again. Is that more kind of a domestic perspective? Or should we think
international and domestic? Or how should we think about kind of where the
potential cuts could come?

DONALD B. CASEY: Well, we haven't said anything about cuts.
But what I would say is that we're always on the lookout to make sure that
we're optimizing profitability for the network as a whole. And so both
international and domestic are interrelated and it's a network business. So as
we take a look, we will evaluate our hubs, we'll evaluate our fleet and
certainly all the cities that we fly.

But it's -- I'll underscore again. When we talk about the
DFW flying for the remainder of the year and the growth that we had planned for
the year, it's largely DFW-related. And the kind of things that we're doing is
we're adding some new markets, some new spokes to DFW, places like [Cyan] and
Del Rio and Harlingen, places that we haven't served and then increasing
capacity from a perspective of frequency out of DFW to some markets, both
smaller and midsized that we think that's going to make DFW stronger overall
for the long run.

OPERATOR: And we will now be taking questions from members
of the media. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Tracy
Rucinski of Reuters.

TRACY RUCINSKI: Doug, you seem really confident about the
MAX being ungrounded by August 19. But there is still some uncertainty from
global regulators. So my question is, if the FAA recertifies the MAX but other
regions or countries like Europe or Canada have issues, will you still fly it?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: If the FAA recertifies the MAX, we
absolutely will fly the airplane. That's our regulator. The -- and if the FAA
determines that it's airworthy, it is absolutely airworthy and anyone that is
flying on an aircraft will know that for certain.

Look -- but this is part of the issue that FAA and DOT need
to work through and the administration needs to work through and I don't know
that that's a scenario that will develop or not. But to be clear, we're
regulated by the FAA. We know that, that aircraft with our pilots, with our
training systems, with our aircraft is airworthy will be -- certainly will be
airworthy if the FAA recertifies it. And we will -- and so yes.

TRACY RUCINSKI: Okay. And if pilots asked for added levels
of simulator training on checklists related to MCAS failures, like runway
stabilizer, will you provide it? And is there any possibility that additional
training demands either from pilot unions or global regulators could delay the
return to service of the aircraft?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Look, again, our pilots are critical
to this, we've been working -- our pilots have been heavily involved in all of
this work. We -- that's what gives -- what will give us confidence and what
will give the flying public confidence that the aircraft is safe to fly, will
be when American Airlines pilots say that it's safe to fly. Because I can tell
you for certain is that if an American Airline pilot decides that an airplane
is safe to fly, you can be 100% certain of that. And not because -- not out of
bravado, out of analysis, out of understanding the aircraft, out of training,
out of knowing that their copilot has been trained accordingly. So absolutely
our pilots will be not just involved but critical to this process. We'll make
sure that at whatever time the aircraft is deemed airworthy, that our pilots
will have a leadership role in ensuring that they are comfortable with that. So
that's a given, and we'll make sure that will be done. But again, we believe
based on what we know now that, that will -- that by August 19 we will have
passed those thresholds.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Alison Sider of
Wall Street Journal.

ALISON SIDER: Since the 2 crashes, there's just been a lot
of discussion about pilot training standards around the world. Just wondering
if you have looked at some of your partner airlines if you're having any
concerns or questions about training at partners and if that's something that
you have conversations with them about?

DEREK J. KERR: So the good news is that we work very closely
with all of our partner carriers. And as a process when we establish
relationships, we do extensive reviews of their operations as well. And so from
our perspective, we feel very comfortable with the [oneworld] carriers that we
deal with and as well with our joint business partners. And we'll continue to
make sure that customers flying in American Airlines, whether on American
Airlines or with any of our partners, that they're getting the best service,
the most safe and reliable service that you can get.

ALISON SIDER: And are those ongoing conversations? Have
there been any sort of like renewed looks at standards or procedures at other
airlines? Or is that something that sort of happens at the outset when a
partnership [creates]?

DONALD B. CASEY: No. It's a constant process.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Patti Waldmeir of
Financial Times.

PATTI WALDMEIR: Can you say anything about what compensation
you may be seeking from Boeing for the costs that you've referred to on this
call, the costs of the grounding and even things like staff working overtime to
rebook passengers and things like that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. All of our efforts at this
point are working to make -- to get the airplane recertified and flying again
for our customers. And our team members were working closely with Boeing. At
the appropriate time, we'll talk about what this has done to American. Boeing
is a very -- is a good and longtime partner and we'll work through that
privately. But nothing that we had any conversations at that point yet. And at
some time perhaps we will, but right now we're focused on working together to
get the airplane back and recertified.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from John Biers of
AFP.

JOHN BIERS: Just -- most of my questions have been answered
already. But I wondered, are you -- how does this whole situation with the 737
MAX affect the way you think about Boeing versus Airbus going forward?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Boeing is a phenomenal company that
builds great airplanes as is Airbus. Obviously, we're not happy about this
issue but no one is. Tragic events and what we care about is safety and we will
work together as this industry always does to ensure that safety is the number
one focus and we don't compete on safety nor do aircraft manufacturers. So we
will as an industry make certain that this is addressed in a way that ensures
that all aircraft are 100% safe. And as that happens, we're certain that both
manufacturers are committed to that as we are.

JOHN BIERS: Do you feel like you have a clear understanding
of what went wrong with the aircraft in the 2 crashes at this point?

DONALD B. CASEY: Well, certainly -- I'll just chime in here.
Look we have to -- first off, we operated the 737 MAX very successfully for a
number of months and really hadn't had to deal with any anomalies. So what
we're doing is working with the FAA and with Boeing on what's been reported
from the incidents, to make the aircraft better and correct any deficiencies.
And I know that when we get through with addressing the issues related to MCAS
software, that it's going to be an even better plane. And so again, from our
perspective, we have what you know about issues related to the aircraft. We
certainly have our own experience with it, and we're constantly working to make
sure that we make the aircraft better. And we look forward to recertification.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Ted Reed of
Forbes.

TED REED: I have 2 questions. First, I'd like to know about
Munich. I don't understand the reasoning behind canceling Philadelphia and then
starting Munich-Charlotte and Munich-Dallas?

DEREK J. KERR: Ted, we're constantly taking a look at how
the marketplace works. And for us, it's just better connecting opportunities.
And so we think that it's going to be a great flight. And hopefully, it will
lead to better things in the future.

TED REED: It's looking strong from the 2 new -- 2 new
destination -- from the 2 new hubs -- from these 2 hubs?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. It is. And for smaller markets, you
just need a lot more connecting traffic to make them work...

TED REED: Secondly, I thought the pilot talks were going to
go rapidly. But now it seems that they're going slowly and that there might not
be any kind of deal until next year. Is that the case?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We've just begun negotiation with
our pilots. The talks are happening well in advance of the amendable date,
which is by January of 2020. So we're happy to be talking well in advance of
that, and we would be -- it would be nice to get something done before the
amendable date. It's I think both party's goals and we'll keep working towards
that. Nothing new to report.

OPERATOR: And that concludes our question-and-answer session
for today. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Doug Parker for closing
remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: All right, closing remarks. Thank
you. Thank you for your interest. If you have any questions, give Dan or
corporate communications a call. Thanks again. Bye.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating
in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all
disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042619a12486253.753










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); ALLIANCES &
PARTNERSHIPS (89%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION
SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); PRICES (78%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (77%);
FINANCIAL RESULTS (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING
(73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (92%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(72%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO
LLP (71%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (69%);

STIFEL
NICOLAUS & CO INC (69%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING &
SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY
BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); NAICS525920
TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (71%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (71%);
AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (91%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (77%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 May 4, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
24, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 12489 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Former Director &
Senior Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Former Executive
Director

* Andrew Tangel

* John Biers

* Leslie Josephs

* Mary Schlangenstein

* Robert Silk

* Tracy Rucinski

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the
Fourth Quarter American Airlines Group Earnings Conference Call. (Operator
Instructions)

As a reminder, today's conference may be recorded. I would
now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dan Cravens, Managing Director, Investor
Relations. Sir, you may begin.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. With us in the room this
morning is Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek
Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for our Q&A session are
several of our senior execs, including Maya Leibman, our Chief Information
Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey, our Senior
Vice President of Revenue Management. Like we normally do, Doug will start the
call with an overview of our financial results. Derek will then walk us through
the details on the fourth quarter and provide some additional information on
our 2019 guidance. Robert will then follow with commentary on the operational
performance and revenue environment. And then after we hear from those
comments, we will open the call for analyst questions and lastly, questions
from the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity traffic, load factor, fleet plans and
fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results
to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks and
uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this morning in
our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018. In addition, we will be
discussing certain non-GAAP financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit
and CASM, excluding unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the
GAAP financial measures is included in the earnings release, and that can also
be found on the Investor Relations section of our website. A webcast of this
call will be archived on the website, and the information that we're giving you
on the call is as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to update
that information subsequently. So thanks again for joining us. At this point, I
would like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Thanks, everyone, for being on. We reported
fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings this morning. For 2018, we had a
pretax profit, excluding special items, of $2.8 billion for the year. Look,
2018 was a challenging year for us financially. Higher fuel prices per gallon
drove an increase in our total fuel expense by $2.2 billion versus 2017, and
that led to about a $1.4 billion reduction in our pretax earnings. We also had
a difficult operations environment during the summer, but we entered 2019 with
great momentum and excitement. Derek and Robert will cover this in a lot more
detail, but we are dedicated on improving our operations reliability. And that
work has already taken hold, and we're excited about how we'll perform going
into -- throughout 2019. We have over $1 billion of revenue and cost
initiatives that are well underway, that we know are going to help us to
improve our earnings in 2019 versus '18. We're growing where we have a
competitive advantage, thanks in large part to our ability to grow at our
largest hub in Dallas/Fort Worth, and we are nearing the end of our
unprecedented post-merger capital expenditure capital requirements, which Derek
will talk a little more about.

So we feel very good about where we're positioned. Our
team's doing a great job, and we couldn't be more proud of the work they're
doing to take care of our customers, and we are really looking forward to 2019.
Consistent with that optimism, we provided some 2019 EPS guidance this morning
that has -- that Derek can talk more about. So there's a relatively wide range,
but the middle of that range will have our EPS up about a little over 40%
higher than what we announced for 2018.

So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek to give you a
lot more detail.

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Great. Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. I'd like to start
by recognizing our team, who did a great job of taking care of our customers
during the busy holiday travel period. Despite challenging weather conditions
at some of our hubs, the preparation and teamwork of our operations group was
evident, and it made a real difference for our customers. So from all of us, I
want to thank you all for all your efforts. We filed our fourth quarter and
full year 2018 earnings press release this morning. While fuel prices fell
during the quarter, our average fuel cost per gallon was 17.5% higher than the
same period last year. Excluding net special items, we reported a fourth
quarter net profit of $481 million in 2018 versus 2017 fourth quarter net
profit of $444 million. For the full year, our net income, excluding net
special items, was $2.1 billion, down 18% versus '17 on a 29% increase in
average fuel price. Our diluted earnings per share, excluding net special items
in the fourth quarter, was $1.04 per share, up from $0.93 per diluted share in
the fourth quarter last year. And for the full year of 2018, our earnings per
diluted share, excluding net special items, was $4.55.

Our fourth quarter pretax profit, excluding net special
items, was $634 million, with a pretax margin of 5.8%. And on a full year
basis, also excluding net special items, we earned pretax income of $2.8
billion on a pretax margin of 6.3%. The fourth quarter of 2018 was American
Airlines' ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year total operating revenue
growth, which was up 3.1% to $10.9 billion. This represents the highest fourth
quarter total operating revenue in American Airlines history.

For the full year, total operating revenues were also a
record, up 4.5% to $44.5 billion. On a unit revenue basis, total RASM was up
1.7% for the fourth quarter and up 2.4% for the year. This growth was driven by
the continued enhancements of our revenue management system as well as the
positive impact of our Basic and Premium Economy products, which helped drive
the 2.9% improvement in passenger revenues for the fourth quarter to $10
billion. For the year, total passenger revenue was up 3.9% to $40.7 billion.
Our cargo team finished the year with an excellent fourth quarter, increasing
revenues by 3% to 2-point -- or for $264 million. This growth was due primarily
to higher cargo yields. And for the first time ever, our cargo revenue exceeded
$1 billion for the full year. So congratulations to the cargo team. They worked
hard to reach this milestone, and we look forward to growing this segment of
our business in 2019 and beyond. We've seen strength in our loyalty program all
year, and that trend continued in the fourth quarter, driving other revenues
higher by 6.3% to $712 million for the quarter. Full year 2018 other revenues
were $2.9 billion, an increase of 9.7%. Total operating expenses in the fourth
quarter of 2018 were $10.4 billion, up 4.2%, due primarily to a 19.6% increase
in consolidated fuel expense.

For the full year 2018, fuel costs were up nearly 32% or
$2.4 billion, which drove a 9.1% increase in total annual operating expenses.
When fuel and special items are excluded, our unit cost decreased in the fourth
quarter by 0.2% compared to 2017. This was due in part to the success of our
One Airline cost initiative. This project gained momentum during the year. And
as a result, our full year 2018 CASM, excluding fuel and special items, was up
only 1.4% as compared to the projected increase of 2% that was guided to at the
beginning of the year. It's worth noting that we were able to beat our unit
cost projections despite lowering our capacity growth by more than 50 basis
points from our initial expectations at the beginning of the year.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with
approximately $7.6 billion in total available liquidity.

During the quarter, our treasury team completed several
transactions, including upsizing and extending our existing $2.5 billion
revolver to $2.8 billion, while improving the undrawn economics. We have
committed financing for all mainline aircraft deliveries through 2019 --
through June 2019, excuse me, and continue to evaluate financing options for
our remaining mainline and regional aircraft deliveries in 2019.

In 2018, we made contributions of $467 million to our
defined benefit pension plans. For 2019, we now intend to make contributions of
$800 million, up slightly from the $780 million that we projected in our last
earnings call. Rising interest rates have helped our pension liability and
brought it down by $1.4 billion. However, the selloff in risk assets in the
fourth quarter resulted in a negative asset return for the year, driving the
increased contribution in order to maintain our desired funding status for all
of our plans.

During 2018, we lowered our adjusted debt, including
pensions, by approximately $760 million. We anticipate our 2019 year-end
adjusted debt will be lower by more than $1 billion compared to year-end 2018.
Over the next few years, this trend is planned to continue as we pay down our
existing obligations and our new aircraft deliveries slow significantly after
2019.

During the quarter, we did adopt early the new lease
accounting standard, which requires leases to be recognized on the balance
sheet as liabilities with corresponding right-of-use assets. The early adoption
of this standard benefited pretax income, excluding net special items, in the
fourth quarter by $54 million, of which a significant portion relates to prior
quarters in 2018. We will recast 2018 quarters for the adoption of the new
lease accounting standard in our 2018 10-K filing. We did not purchase any
stock during the quarter of 2018, leaving our available authorization for stock
buybacks unchanged at $1.65 billion. We continue to believe our stock is
undervalued. Unfortunately, the fall of oil prices, which improved our
liquidity outlook at the end of the year, occurred during a closed trading
window. And as a result, we were unable to resume stock repurchases during the
fourth quarter despite ending the quarter $600 million above our threshold.
However, our plan is still to return excess cash above our $7 billion liquidity
threshold to our shareholders, as we have done in the past.

We filed our Investor Relations update this morning, which
includes our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2019. We anticipate
our capacity will grow approximately 3% during 2019, with growth in approximate
-- of approximately 1% in the first quarter. The full year capacity growth will
come primarily from incremental flying out of our new gates at DFW, our most
profitable hub, to be worth about 2% of that growth as well as our fleet
harmonization project, that is adding seats to our existing narrowbody
aircraft, that's about 0.5%, and allows us to grow capacity in an extremely
efficient way. Given the timing of these 2 initiatives, we expect that our
capacity growth will be weighted more towards the back half of 2019.

For the full year, we expect our cost per ASM, excluding
fuel and special items and new labor deals, will grow at the top end of the 1%
to 2% range that we gave previously. This is higher than previous guidance due
to an increase in sale leaseback transactions on our aircraft and
higher-than-expected growth in profit sharing on larger expected earnings
improvement.

Overall CASM growth in 2019 is primarily driven by increased
maintenance expense from required engine overhauls, increased airport rent
expense at our hubs and higher earnings-related salaries and expenses,
primarily from increased profit-sharing. Due to the ASM growth weighted in the
back half of the year, our annual CASM increase will not be spread evenly
throughout the year and will be front-end loaded.

For the first quarter, our CASM is expected to be up
approximately 4% year-over-year. This rate of growth is the highest of the year
due to the lower ASM growth as well as the timing of aircraft maintenance,
salaries and benefits and selling expenses throughout the year. CASM growth is
expected to decelerate to approximately 2.5% in the second quarter and further
decline to approximately 1% in the third and 0.5% in the fourth for 2019. Fuel
prices fell sharply at the end of the fourth quarter 2018, and we anticipate
lower fuel expenses during 2019 based on the forward curve as of January 22. We
are forecasting a decrease in consolidated fuel expense of 8.4% or
approximately $830 million for the full year 2019 as compared to '18. We expect
our average fuel price will be between $1.97 and $2.02 per gallon in the first
quarter and be around $1.99 to $2.04 for the full year.

We also guided to our first quarter 2019 TRASM increase of
flat to up 2%, and Robert will provide more details on our revenue guidance in
his remarks. With this revenue and cost guidance, we expect our first quarter
2019 pretax margin, excluding net special items, to be between 2.5% and 4.5%.

Finally, we anticipate that our earnings per diluted share,
excluding net special items, will be between $5.50 and $7.50 in 2019, and as
Doug said, an increase of approximately 40% at the midpoint over our 2018
adjusted earnings per share. This forecast includes our expectations of an
incremental $1 billion in revenue improvement and $300 million in cost
reductions from the One Airline initiative I talked about earlier.

We expect total capital expenditures for 2019 of $4.7
billion. This will include $3 billion in aircraft CapEx as we take delivery of
31 new large regional jets to replace 50-seaters, along with 37 narrowbody
aircraft to replace our MD-80 fleet that will retire after this summer and also
an additional 2 787 aircraft. In line with previous guidance, we continue to
expect that our non-aircraft CapEx will be $1.7 billion in 2019. Total CapEx is
presently expected to fall to $3.3 billion in 2020 and $2.2 billion in 2021, as
our fleet renewal program winds down.

So looking forward, 2019 will be an exciting year for
American Airlines. We are executing on more than $1.3 billion of annual revenue
improvement and cost revenue initiatives, and when combining that with
additional -- with the additional of high-margin growth at our most profitable
hubs and planned operational improvements, we expect significant earnings
growth in 2019. And with that, I will turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I, too, would like
to thank our team. 2018 was a challenging for our company as we faced rising
fuel prices, difficult weather conditions, the uncertainty of trade wars and
the early stages of a government shutdown. Despite these challenges, our team
did a fantastic job of taking care of customers and each other. These actions
most certainly made a difference and demonstrated our resiliency. We're a team
that collaborates, adapts and continues to move forward. So from all of us,
thank you, again, for a job well done.

Operationally, since the merger, we have been making steady
progress in improving our core operating metrics, but we fell short in 2018 of
our targets. On our last earnings call, we highlighted some of the initiatives
we are undertaking, including making the fleet ready to go each morning, making
sure that we resource our team to turn aircraft throughout the day. We also
continue to evaluate and fine-tune our planning processes to ensure that we are
ready to deliver better service during peak schedule periods. These efforts are
starting to pay off.

During the December holiday period, our system-level on-time
departure performance improved by 4.5 points year-over-year, and our completion
factor improved by 1.3 points. At the hub level, we saw double-digit
improvements in on-time departures at Reagan National, New York, JFK and
LaGuardia and Philadelphia. We also saw a 25% improvement in mainline aircraft
out of service during that same period. We're encouraged with the progress we
have made thus far and look forward to keeping that going in 2019. We also completed
another major integration project in the fourth quarter, the integration of our
27,000 flight attendants. This is an important milestone and our largest and
most complicated integration project to date. It involves programming new work
roles and managing complicated pay processes in line with those work roles.
Importantly, training schedules and a multitude of other pieces have to work
perfectly for this very important team. We're starting to see the benefits of
our flight attendants, now that they can fly on any aircraft in our fleet, and
they also have the flexibility to transfer to different bases. For our
customers, we'll be able to recover much more quickly during irregular
operations as we can intermix crews. And for both the company and flight attendants,
we'll get a lot more efficient with scheduling our aircraft and team members.

Switching gears from integration work to product. Throughout
2018, we made great progress improving the overall experience for our
customers. We've invested $25 billion in our team, in our facilities, in our
product and fleet since we merged 5 years ago. That $25 billion represents the
largest investment of any carrier in the history of commercial aviation in such
a short time period. These investments are transforming our product and
creating a consistent and reliable airline for this coming year and long into
the future. On the product side, we've now activated free live TV on 270
aircraft, and we continue to be the only U.S. carrier to offer live television
on international flights. We believe our customers want faster and more
consistent connectivity for work and to stream entertainment to their mobile
devices. Our installations of high-speed WiFi and in-seat power throughout our
long-term domestic fleet are on track, with 570 mainline narrowbody aircraft
already complete. All planned narrowbodies will be done by the middle of this
year. And if you haven't experienced the ease and speed of this connectivity,
you're in for a terrific experience. In addition, we launched new fresh food
items from ZoÃƒÂ«s Kitchen in our main cabin, and the uptake has been extremely
positive. We're also growing our network of Flagship First Dining and Flagship
Lounges, with DFW opening in the second quarter. Admirals Club network updates
are also underway, with facility refresh projects in Boston, Charlotte B
Concourse and Pittsburgh in the first half of 2019. For network, we added new
international service in 2018 to Reykjavik, Budapest and Prague, which were all
very well received by our travel agent and cruise partners. This year, we'll
continue to play to our network strengths with high-margin growth planned for
Dallas/Fort Worth and Charlotte hubs. At DFW, we're adding 15 new gates and
roughly 100 departures per day. These additional departures will begin in
April. And importantly, this capacity will be added into a robust and diverse
local economy here in Texas, which is one of the fastest U.S. -- growing U.S.
markets, both in terms of GDP and wages. We'll also add new Transatlantic service
to the Tuscany region of Italy; Berlin, Germany; and Dubrovnik, Croatia out of
our hub in Philadelphia. And lastly, in Washington, D.C., construction
continues on the new regional terminal in DCA. We're expecting completion of
that regional terminal in 2021. It sounds like a far-off date, but it will come
quickly and we'll be ready. Our plans include up-gauging aircraft to further
grow this important market.

Our global sales and distribution team is executing well on
their initiatives, producing overall corporate revenue growth that has outpaced
system revenue growth. We continue to build and diversify our portfolio of
small business accounts at a historic pace, and we're seeing a record number of
these small business accounts graduate into entry-level corporate contracts at
a rate that is nearly 10x that of last year. In growing our small business
programs, we are not only delivering strong results today, but we are also
establishing a foundation for growth in the long term.

In addition, we have launched both TripLink and additional
international forms of payment to grow direct bookings. For our loyalty
program, 2018 marked another year of revenue growth, which grew by high single
digits on a year-over-year basis. We continue to see strong year-over-year
growth in AAdvantage program enrollments and co-branded credit card
acquisitions. Our 2018 improvements in the Citi/AAdvantage Platinum Select
MasterCard and the launch of the no-fee AAdvantage MileUp card provide added
value to customers and we're really seeing the benefits of -- the revenue
benefits of this expanded portfolio. Our Citi Platinum and Aviator Red
Mastercards remain our most popular cards, and the new AAdvantage MileUp card
is exceeding our expectations. And our Citi/AAdvantage Executive Card
acquisitions saw growth as well, reflecting strength across a range of card
segments. With a record number of co-branded AAdvantage MasterCard acquisitions
in 2018, we believe our dual issuer model is delivering attractive choices for
our customers. We expect these strong results to continue for our program in
2019.

Product segmentation has added another dimension to our
business, and our strategy continues to perform very well. In 2018, we added
Premium Economy to more than 100 aircraft out of a total of 124 planned
aircraft. American has more aircraft with Premium Economy than any other U.S.
airline. The average fare for Premium Economy continues to be twice the coach
fare. And when we look at the booking profile for this product, it is clear
that customers are buying up from the main cabin. Installations remain on
track, and we expect them to be complete by this summer.

Looking forward, we will further monetize Premium Economy
with new revenue management and merchandising capabilities.

Basic Economy has also been expanding, and we now offer this
option across the entire domestic network as well as most of the Atlantic,
Caribbean, Mexico and Central America. We've made a number of refinements to
the program to ensure that we are competitively considered, including
eliminating the carry-on bag restriction. With this change, we are now able to
roll out our full range of fares to more than twice as many customers as
before. Since this change, the average up-sell rate continues to be around 60%,
which has exceeded our initial expectations. In addition, the sell-up amount
has increased by $5 and is now approximately $26. All of this has resulted in
record fourth quarter revenue of $10.9 billion, up 3% year-over-year. As Derek
mentioned, we saw solid growth in other revenues, driven in part by continued
strength in co-brand credit card acquisitions and cardholder spend. On a unit
revenue basis, total revenue per available seat mile improved 1.7%
year-over-year. This marks the ninth consecutive quarter of positive revenue
growth for American. When looking across the regions, the Atlantic was the
best-performing entity for the third consecutive quarter, as we were able to
grow load factors with only a minor impact on yield. Basic Economy is doing
well, as is Premium Economy, and we see no impact from Brexit at this point.

Moving to Latin, although slightly negative, we did see
quarter-to-quarter improvements in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico, which is
encouraging. Foreign exchange had a negative impact on the quarter of 1.6
points.

In the Pacific, the weaker markets got better, while the
better markets, Japan and Korea, got a little bit worse. We were negatively
impacted by the timing of joint business settlements by approximately 2 points
and foreign exchange by 0.5 points.

Despite very difficult comps, we saw improvements during the
quarter in domestic yields, in part due to selling Basic Economy higher up the
fare ladder and expanding it into more markets. Looking forward, we are ahead
on load factor each month as we see strong build further from departure. We're
excited about our planned growth in DFW, which marks our first opportunity for
sizable growth at one of our most profitable hubs since the merger. We faced
headwinds in the March quarter of 0.5 points due to Easter shift, 0.7 points
due to foreign exchange and 0.7 points from our AAdvantage program, which is
due to the big investments we have made over the past year in the program,
making it much more valuable to our customers. We significantly increased the
inventory available for redemptions in 2018, giving our customers more
flexibility to use their miles. The net result of this change is that we'll be
deferring more revenue from 2019 for recognition in later years. For the year,
we expect a noncash impact of 0.7 points. Even with these headwinds, we expect
our first quarter year-over-year system TRASM to be up between 0 and point --
and 2%.

As we look forward into 2019, we are excited about what the
future holds for American Airlines. Now that most of the distractions of
integration are behind us, we are intently focused on running the best
operation in American's history, improving our product and capitalizing on our
network. We have more than $1 billion in revenue initiatives that we're
confident that we will deliver, and we feel really good about how these are
shaping up. We'll continue to expand Premium Economy and fine-tune how we offer
Basic Economy across our network. We also expect to continue our fleet
harmonization project and continue -- and further optimize how we sell this --
that product. And we expect to become more efficient, with more than $300
million in cost initiatives in our plan. All of these initiatives are on track
and expected to be earnings-accretive this year. We're excited about the future
and look forward to sharing these results as the year progresses. And with
that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to begin our Q&A
session. But first, we're going to give it to Doug.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Just before that, operator, I just
want to let everybody know that in addition to me and Derek and Robert and Dan
here, we have a number of -- a handful of members of the best leadership team
in the world here, which include -- we have Ben Mimmack, Kenji Hashimoto, Elise
Eberwein, Maya Leibman, Steve Johnson, Don Casey, Devon May, all here. So fire
away.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And our first question
will come from the line of Michael Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions here. Robert, just
you were talking about Basic Economy and selling it up -- further up the fare
ladder, and I'm just curious what that means. I think in the past, it was in
the lower, maybe 4 or 5 fare buckets. And the $5 improvement in the sell-up
difference to $26, typically, you're dealing with a very price-sensitive
customer base at that part of the, call it, passenger segment base. Are you
finding that elasticity of demand maybe is less elastic in their willingness to
move up because it's a much better product? Your thoughts on those.

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Michael...

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Don, you want to go ahead?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, it's Don Casey. Higher up the fare
ladder just means we're getting -- again, we're just going to go up the fare
ladder higher, right? So it does vary from market, but we're up about 2, on
average, about 2 inventories from where we were about 4 months ago. As for
elasticity, a $5 fare increase, that's what we have in market right now, with
that $5 fare increase, we've actually seen the sell-up rate remain quite
constant, right? So we don't think we've hit a point where the sell-up amount is
deterring people from buying up.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And then just a second
question on costs. When you talk about your cost outlook for 2019, you call out
that it doesn't include any sort of labor agreements. Where -- what is it? Are
we down -- what is it, one other labor group that has to get done? Is that -- I
just want an update on that.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. We have -- well, there's the
-- our IAM TWU negotiations, which represent a number of workers, and the
largest of those are mechanics and fleet service clerks. Those are with the NMB
right now, in the media, in conversations, that's the only joint collective
bargaining agreement still to be done, Mike. We -- it's been long enough into
the merger that we're getting close to amendable dates on our pilots and flight
attendants. Both of those become amendable toward -- well, one of them in
December of this year and the other in January of 2020.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Robert, you mentioned
kind of the growth strategy focus in DFW, and that's your highest margin hub.
Wondering if you guys could maybe quantify that a little bit more. You've
quantified it before by kind of lumping it in with DCA and Charlotte, but can
you get more granular and just tell us what the operating margin at DFW was or
pretax margin was in 2018? I think that would help investors kind of better appreciate
why your growth is doing what it's doing.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, just first off, in terms of a little
bit more granularity, of our planned growth for this next year, 3 -- roughly 3%
growth year-over-year, DFW represents about 2/3 of that. And so we're really
pleased with that. And when you take a look at hub profitability, DFW,
Charlotte, DCA, those are all our most profitable hubs. And so we see ourselves
growing into incredible strength and really look forward to be able to take
this opportunity. And I mentioned that this is really our first chance to grow
one of our most profitable hubs. It's solely keyed on having these additional
gates. So we're really happy to get to this point, and it's going to mean big
things for the company.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Joe, it's Doug. So anyway, we
don't make a habit of disclosing profitability by hub. Mainly, one is we
haven't done that historically, but also it varies a lot, by time of year. But
nonetheless, what Robert said is where we are, it's certainly one of our more
profitable hubs, certainly in terms of size and also, the margins are well
above system average. We did at one point put a slide together, which I know
most of our investors have seen. I talked about the -- showed the margins of
those 3 hubs versus the rest of the system. And anyway, it's -- we'll probably
going to keep doing that.

ROBERT D. ISOM: DFW's twice the system average.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. So anyway, that's -- it is
definitely above system average. And the good news is, we, like other airlines,
when you add flights into those type of hubs, they tend to come on at
above-system average margins as opposed to at marginal profitability.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. Yes, that's very helpful. And
then, Derek, I don't want to beat you up too much on this, but I do feel like
on the last call, there was some commentary that CapEx in 2020 wouldn't exceed
3 and wouldn't exceed 2, and now it seems like it is going to be higher. Can
you just talk about what's driving some of that, and whether this current CapEx
outlook is firm at this point and investors can assume that what you guys have
guided to is actually going to materialize?

DEREK J. KERR: No, no, yes, it's a fair question. We did,
right after the call last -- our last call, we had an option on 15 large RJs
that we had not completed at that point in time, and we didn't talk about it.
So the real increase in 2020 is the 15 large RJs. That will pretty close to max
out our large RJ scope. So we don't expect any more. They will replace 50-seaters
that are out there, so it's not for growth, because we have a number of
regional aircraft that we can have. So that is the only one item that is out
there that we have left for us. So I think we're pretty firm on 2020, 2021,
where we're at from a CapEx number. But that was, it was an increase from where
we said before, and it was 15 regional jets coming in 2020 time frame.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie
Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: First one for
Robert or Don, the comment about outperforming your network competitors on RASM
this year, I don't want to get into a modeling exercise here, but since the
first quarter guide is in fact no different than Delta or United, can you give
us some color on sort of what period you do expect to start overtaking the
competition? I understand the $1 billion figure. I guess, I just don't
understand what buckets phase in and when. For example, how much is the credit
card step-up contributing to that? Any additional color?

DONALD B. CASEY: We have -- we're very confident about the
revenue initiatives, right, that we have and how that revenue flows in during
the course of the year. We're also going to benefit in 2019 from either comps
year-over-year, which kind of were a drag on our performance this year. And so
I think that goes back to -- and our investment in Dallas, I think, is going to
be one of the big drivers of improvement for us, and that doesn't start until
we get into the summer.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay, that's helpful. And then for
Derek or possibly Doug, can you give us a little bit more color as to how the
full year capacity plan emerged? Specifically, were you meaningfully above or
below the 3% number at any point? What influenced the 3% outcome? Or put
differently, did the marketing department or fleet planning potentially wield
more influence on that? Just any sort of genesis as to how the 3% came about
would be useful.

ROBERT D. ISOM: No, I can step in on that. Look, we grow
when we take advantage of opportunities that we think are beneficial for the
airline overall. As I said before, we're going to take advantage of
opportunities, both in DFW and in Charlotte. In DFW, 2/3 of the overall growth.
As you break down the rest of the growth, it's departures into places we think
make a lot of sense. We've got some gauge that fits into that as well. And the
reallocation of international flying, as we talked about, the restructuring of
our international network, is what results in the level that we're projecting
for this coming year. So we're really confident that this is the right plan for
American, taking advantage of the assets that we have and well within our
ability to execute on.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Well, just humor me then, if we were
to roll back fuel prices and -- or roll back your thought process to that of,
let's call it the first week of October and where jet fuel was then, was 3%
still what you were thinking for 2019 at that point?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, this is Derek. The level of ops was put
together in October -- September-October time frame and has not changed since
the fuel prices changed. So yes, that did not impact where we are from a
capacity perspective.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of
Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, FORMER EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, a question for you, just on the '19 earnings guide.
How do we get comfortable that you're not sort of capturing the best of all
worlds in the guide? I mean, you've got lower fuel, but then you've got
relatively steady RASM going forward, CASM continuing to get better. So I
guess, overall, I mean, I think history has shown us that lower fuel leads to
much weaker unit revenues as time evolves, but you're not showing that. So just
trying to get comfortable with what you're putting out there, I guess.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. Look, first off, it's
forecasting airline earnings a year out, we all know, and we've certainly
learned, is -- has a lot of variability on it. So we've put some variability in
the numbers. What we did is provide what we believe is, for our investors, our
best guess at this point about where we're going to come in. And we feel quite
comfortable with it. We wouldn't have done it otherwise. As it relates to the
point about fuel prices falling, that when fuel prices falls, so do revenues, I
would just note, again, kind of what Derek just said, we haven't changed any of
our capacity plans because fuel prices are lower. This -- I think it's
important to kind of replay what drives airline changes in capacity driven by
fuel prices, and this doesn't feel anything like what maybe you've experienced
in recent terms, at least to us. We all know that back in 2015, that's where
oil prices have been over $100 for 5 years, they fell down to $45, $50. And
yes, when they stayed there for a while, when you see that kind of a change in
fuel price, you're going to see capacity come in, as you should. If the cost of
production drops that much, profitability goes up, and production goes up. So
that doesn't seem irrational. It never seemed irrational at the time. What's
happened here is having stayed at that level for whatever it was, 2.5, 3 years,
in the $45 to $50 range, oil prices ran up pretty quickly. Through 2017 and
'18, we got levels around $80 a barrel per Brent and above, and the industry
was somewhat getting itself well at those levels, but not all the way. And now
it's corrected some of it, but not nearly all of it. So I'm not suggesting it
is going to correct all the way. What I'm pointing is simply this fall from --
I know I'm using rounded numbers here -- but from $80 a barrel Brent to $60 a
barrel Brent, I don't think makes -- I know for American Airlines, it doesn't a
whit of difference on how much where we're going to fly. I don't it makes a
whit of difference for the industry, frankly, because we haven't gotten
ourselves adjusted to the run-up to $80 and it falls back to $60, I think, I
don't think it makes sense to make huge adjustments in revenues, but we'll see,
but that's our view.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay, and then a quick follow-up on the
capacity side. And I think Jamie was asking about this earlier. So previously,
you had talked about sub-GDP sort of capacity growth. I think most of us were
assuming sort of 1%, 2%, and now you're coming in at 3%, which, I guess, is GDP
plus. Maybe my general assumptions are incorrect, but can you just walk me
through what changed, if something did in fact change?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I think Derek just said nothing's
changed, and there are GDP estimates out there that's certainly 3% and higher.
So to the extent we -- anyway, I don't know that we produced a number other
than what we announced today, and this is right in line with what we've been
thinking all along. And again, I would note, given where we're growing, we feel
really comfortable with this level of growth.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I do want to continue
on this line a little bit that Jamie brought up as well. And Doug, before, you
guys used to say you're going to grow less than competitors, and now you're
saying you're going to grow RASM more than competitors, and I appreciate that
shift, and that is a change. I'm -- holding fuel prices aside for a second, is
there any change to how you guys are thinking about capacity in the context of
market share? And maybe that you've got a line of sight on better ops, you feel
better about maybe, I don't want to say sticking up for yourself, but maybe
being a little bit more tactically aggressive in keeping some share where it
does make sense to do it. Because, again, that change, that drop of growing
less than and now growing RASM more than, is a change, and I'm wondering kind
of what drove that language difference.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: You said RASM, you mean ASMs?

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Yes, I'm sorry. Yes, you said you were
going to grow ASMs less. Now you're saying you're going to grow RASM more. So
it's a change, and I'm just kind of curious to know what drove that language.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay, fair enough. Yes, I don't
think that's a -- anyway, I don't think that's a change, but anyway, I'll try
again. So we have, I believe, consistently said that we believe where American
Airlines is, is we have a largely mature network, and that you should expect to
see us grow at, certainly domestically, kind of in line with GDP growth. And
that's what we've been doing. And this 3% number is not, I don't think,
dramatically different than that. To the extent you assumed it was something
different than that, then -- anyway, we didn't mean to suggest anything other
than that. We have not changed that number from the time we started producing
level of ops, as Derek said, 6, 9 months ago. So that hasn't been a change. And
indeed, I think it's entirely consistent with what we've said, which is we expect
to grow somewhat in line with U.S. GDP growth and otherwise -- and also, we did
say, we think that's lower than we're seeing at competitors. And that's
certainly the case. There may be a competitor that may be a little bit lower
than us, I don't even know if that's the case, but if we're not the lowest,
we're the second-lowest at this number. So all that seems entirely consistent,
to me, with what we said in the past. We haven't made any changes to our
capacity growth based upon anything other than where we see growth
capabilities. And I can't stress enough the fact that when you get 10 gates at
your -- at a hub -- I'm sorry, 15 gates at Dallas/Fort Worth, that's a huge
growth opportunity. But despite that, we're still growing in line with -- or
maybe modestly higher, depending on what your GDP estimates are, in line with
GDP.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, and I'll just add that our growth is
it's being funded by improved density from up-gauges and improved aircraft
utilization.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, and then the piece I was a
little confused on, Hunter, is this RASM growing faster. I don't think -- the
fact that our -- again, at those levels of capacity growth, we do believe that
our unit revenues will still grow faster than the industry's because of the initiatives
we have in place. Those are -- I don't think that's inconsistent, Hunter.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: No, it's not. Again, I didn't mean for the
question to be negative or make you feel defensive.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I didn't take it that way.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, good. Because, again, and this is
just my -- I guess, I'll just ask a true follow-up. Again, I'm just -- I'm
wondering if there's been sort of a change in philosophy about how you're
thinking about growth in the context of what's happening in the industry. I'm
not saying your plan changed with fuel or whatever. Are you just going to say
like we're going to sort of start punching a little bit harder here and fight
for what's ours and fight for share that we think we deserve, and philosophically,
how you're thinking about that in the context of what's going on in the broader
competitive industry? It's not that anything's changed with the plan, just sort
of philosophically, how you're thinking about capacity growth going forward?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Hunter, look, we go back to -- look, we're a
global hub-and-spoke airline. Our greatest assets are our hubs, and you will
see us take advantage of opportunities in our hubs, and we're going to be
incredibly competitive everywhere. The one thing I will say as well is I think
we're being smart with how we deploy capacity as well and taking advantage of
the dynamics of our hubs as well. So some of the things that you may see going
forward is that from a seasonal perspective, some of the hubs, Phoenix, Chicago,
performed better at certain points of the year than otherwise. And so you will
see us flex to take maximum advantage of those opportunities. And the good news
is that we've -- as we push for fleet commonality, as we rationalize our
regional partners and reduce sub-fleets, as we've gotten through integration
and now can make full use of our team, you're going to be able -- you're going
to see us be very smart about making sure we take advantage of opportunities
throughout the year.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: So just this EPS guidance is a
relatively new experience for airlines. And I wonder if you could reflect on
2018, the execution versus that guidance. What are the lessons learned? And how
did that impact your guidance and your plans for 2019?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure, I'll try. This is Doug, I'll
try. Anyway, we -- I don't think it's any secret we reluctantly -- anyway, we
were reluctant participants in this exercise. I feel really strongly that we
can -- the best thing for us to do for our shareholders is not to try and
project what the earnings are going to be, but rather go run our business as
best as we can and tell you what our plans are and let you do that, but also
understand that it's important to a number of our shareholders that we at least
give them more guidance than that. And as other airlines went and started
giving full year EPS guidance, we chose to do it as well. So we, like you, are
somewhat -- yes, as you said, are somewhat new to this. Our experience last
year was -- anyway, we ended up having to adjust it downward a couple of times,
which, of course, we don't like to do. That was every -- each time there was a
reason given that made -- again, made -- seems logical at the time. Had we
known it, we wouldn't have had the numbers as high as they were. So anyway,
that's -- I don't know how other to explain it other than to say we're doing our
best. Given the experience, I'll tell you this. We certainly worked to make
sure that we have a wide enough range that we feel comfortable because we don't
want to actually adjust it again and hope that we don't need to. So we've come
up with a pretty wide range, but also done our best to give you a number that
we feel really confident. And certainly, last year's experience weighed on
where we decided to set that guidance because we don't want to have that
experience again. No guarantee we won't, but we don't want to.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then just for my follow-up,
one of your peers has started to break out percent of revenue generated from
premium products and basically revenue away from the main cabin and the implied
higher growth embedded in those initiatives. Have you studied that disclosure
at all? And would it make sense for American also?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, I mean, we have looked at it. We -- in
the fourth quarter, this is probably a different metric, just looking at
premium cabin performance, premium cabin performance actually drove about 1/3
of our overall revenue growth in the fourth quarter.

DEREK J. KERR: And Duane, this is Derek. I mean, we looked
at it. As we go into 2019, it may be something that we break out further. It's
not easy to put things in all of these buckets, but we'll look at it more in
2019 to determine whether we want to break out the P&L a little bit
farther.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Helane
Becker with Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So here's my -- so 2 questions. One, can
you say what the biggest bucket is in terms of the $1 billion in incremental
revenue this year? And my second question is, if you polled your customers, what
would be their #1 complaint be about the airline? And how are you addressing
that?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, okay. So the biggest bucket is really
what we're doing in terms of segmentation. So Basic and Premium Economy are the
2 largest drivers. And as we take a look in that $1 billion, we've talked about
big opportunities within segmentation. We've talked about big opportunities
within merchandising. Those, we hope, are really going to start kicking in
later in the year. And the final bucket that we see a lot of opportunities is
network, and we've talked about DFW and getting to 900 departures. But as well,
that involves restructuring the network and making sure that we're putting
aircraft where they want to go. In terms of the customer feedback, we know what
the biggest point of concern and issue with our customers, and that is, look,
they want a reliable airline. They want to be certain that they're getting what
they paid for. And so from that perspective, as we take a look at our goals for
the coming year, that is top of mind everywhere. And so we have -- and for us,
it's upside. We didn't perform as well as we wanted to in 2018. We expect to
reverse that very quickly, and we're pleased with the kind of things that we're
seeing, especially over the holiday season and as we get into January.

HELANE R. BECKER: So can you say, Robert, if your Net
Promoter Score like improved, let's say, if you did it in January of '19 versus
maybe July of '18?

ROBERT D. ISOM: No, so we have a lot of internal metrics,
and we have likelihood to recommend scores. And we weren't pleased with our
likelihood to recommend scores. As a matter of fact, our own internal measures
show they fell year-over-year for the first time in a number of years. And when
you trace that back, it's certainly not due to the product that we've -- the
investment that we've made in the product. People are very pleased with what
they're getting in terms of service and in terms of the amenities and fleet and
airports. But if you're not as reliable as you should be, as you want to be,
that has a negative impact overall. And so the good news on that and what we
have seen is that when you do get back to the kind of reliability that we
aspire to, things turn really quickly. And we'll take it, and we'll be able to
take advantage of all those investments that we've made.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of
Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe just one more on your comments about
outperforming your peers on RASM this year. Could you talk about maybe like the
1 or 2 biggest drivers of that, help us size them, help us think about how they
ramped through the year? Is a lot of that Dallas? Are we thinking more about
Premium Economy? Just any color there would be really helpful.

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don. I mean, the 2 big things that
are going to drive -- 3, I'll go to 3, really, is DFW, right, and the
investment we're going to make in DFW in terms of incremental flying and the
relative revenue performance of DFW versus the rest of the system. The second
one is just the merchandising capabilities which we're going to be bringing
online during the course of the year, which is one of our kind of big revenue
initiatives for 2019. And the reality is we're going to be helped a little bit
this year on comps, right? They were a headwind in 2018. They'll be a bit of a
tailwind in 2019.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Understood. So it sounds like
maybe we'll start to see that outperformance pick up starting second quarter
on?

DONALD B. CASEY: That's correct.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay. And then maybe just one
more. So some of your peers know they were incorporating weakness across the
Atlantic into their March quarter guides? Are you seeing the same thing? Are
you incorporating that guidance? And then how should we think about the ranking
of your RASM by geography going forward?

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure. So look at the Atlantic. We expect --
Atlantic has been very strong. We had a -- it was our best-performing entity in
the fourth quarter. We expect really a modest deceleration in our Atlantic
performance in the first quarter, driven in large part to an additional point
of headwind related to currency. Domestic, we've had very strong yield growth,
in large part to the expansion of Basic Economy to more markets as well as
other price increases. We've seen strong corporate demand. Our negotiated
corporate revenue domestically is up 10%, led by our professional services, and
we're expecting kind of similar performance in 1Q '19, and that includes the
impact we've seen to date of the government shutdown and the impact of the
Easter shift. In Latin, we ended the quarter with kind of modestly negative
unit revenue growth, driven by our long-haul operations, although we did see in
the quarter that Brazil and Argentina did improve on a quarter-to-quarter
basis. And we're pleased with this given the currency and capacity environments
in those markets. Mexico also improved quarter-to-quarter and had positive unit
revenue in the fourth quarter. We saw demand recover, but the pricing
environment in Mexico overall is still a bit soft. Caribbean was positive, had
positive unit revenue growth, but we've experienced very, very strong unit revenue
growth the last 7 quarters. So although positive, not quite as positive on a
quarter-to-quarter basis. That is still expected to be positive going forward.
And Latin overall, we had -- in the fourth quarter, we had 1.6 points of
headwind with currency. As we look forward to Latin, we expect sort of similar
trends going forward, with currency being on additional 0.5 points of headwind
as we head into 2019. Encouraging for us is capacity in Brazil. We'll benefit
from our own capacity reductions in Brazil in the first quarter. And as we head
into the second quarter, the industry has taken out a material amount of seats.
Pacific unit revenue was slightly negative, with Hong Kong, Japan and Korea all
positive, although not quite as strong quarter-to-quarter. Compared to third
quarter of '18, China and South Pacific, although negative, were improving, and
we expect Pacific to be the strongest-performing quarter-to-quarter entity in
first quarter of '19.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey
with Citigroup.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, FORMER DIRECTOR & SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: If we could step back and talk about costs
over time and the kind of big picture, I've been a bit disappointed not seeing
a better cost trajectory post-merger. I know there were certainly some labor
contract catch-up, and that adds -- inflation, but I would have thought that
there would be

(technical difficulty)

Pulled out post-merger considering. I think a couple of
percent CASM actually increase on 3% capacity growth is kind of normal
inflation for an airline. Maybe it's slightly low, but not as low as I would
expect post a merger. Can you talk about why there hasn't been more opportunity
on the cost side yet?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, this is Doug, and Derek can
chime in. Again, I encourage you to look at the details and go through the
details with Derek. Some of this is just depreciation expense and things like
that, that are driving these costs and timing of maintenance and other issues.
But to your larger point, look, first off, on the labor issues is -- you
already noted it, but can't ignore it. I mean, we came out of a merger with the
world's largest airline and a phenomenal group of team members who are working
for less than their peers at other airlines. And that's -- we can't run an
airline that way, nor should we, nor should we ask our people to. So we
certainly had some increases in labor cost. We've largely closed those gaps
versus our competitor airlines, but that drove very large expense increases at
American Airlines. And again, the expense increases we actually feel good about
because we needed to do that in order to produce -- to build the airline we
want to build. Otherwise, our costs, again, it's hard to address a qualitative
response like that without a detailed response. But in general, we -- what we
know is we've gone through an effort, led by Derek, to go pull out expenses.
And that's been really successful. We had a relatively painful reduction in the
management team around here in the prior -- in the last year. And we'll
continue to do those things. It's -- what we know is, if we weren't doing those
things, while that number may not seem exciting to you, it would be about $300
million higher than it would have been otherwise without this work. So we
continue to work at it, and we will continue to work at it, but we feel really
good about the cost discipline that we've instilled in American Airlines, once
we get to the point that we have our team being compensated in line with our
peers.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: And maybe for Robert, you talk about
the growth in the most profitable hubs. Can you talk about the actions you're
taking in your less profitable hubs?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, sure. So that goes back to one of the
comments made a little bit earlier. We're trying to be really smart about how
we deploy capacity. So when we take a look at a hub perspective, we can, now
that we've got a lot of the integration behind us, and certainly, a lot more
fleet commonality, we can take a look at Chicago during the summer and it being
really healthy for us at that point in time, and then at other points of the
season, take a look at Phoenix and Miami, which can perform better. We've
mentioned things about what we're doing with our international network. So from
a China perspective, we've made some adjustments in our network there and have
been redeploying assets to where they're most profitable. We have been taking a
look at making sure that we're maximizing our opportunities with our joint
business partners as well. So from a whole perspective, we're incredibly
competitive in each of our hubs, but we're making sure that we use them for
what they do best for American. You see that with the growth that's coming in
DFW. You'll see it with the growth that's coming next year in Charlotte, and
you'll see it when we get the regional terminal done in DCA the following year
and our ability to up-gauge there. The plans that we have in place, I think,
for this coming year in Phoenix, Philly, Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, they are
all well tuned to what we can do best at this year.

OPERATOR: We have time for one more question from our
analysts before moving on to media, and our last analyst question will come
from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess, Doug or Robert, I think the
market wants to leave here, I mean, your stock's trading at a 5 PE. If you can
start to show some relative margin traction, I think people would be pretty
impressed. But if we look at 2018, I mean, you guys lagged your network
competitors that you want to benchmark against capacity and RASM here pretty
significantly. And if I go back to the 2017 Analyst Meeting, I mean, we had
pretty big revenue initiatives plotted for 2018, I think which were above $1
billion, too. So I guess, what sense of urgency does the organization have this
year to really deliver on that $1 billion revenue target? Or is this just
something where circumstances are going to dictate that maybe like it gets
pushed out again?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay, yes. Thanks, Brandon. We
didn't push them out. We -- those initiatives we delivered primarily almost all
on the -- the Basic Economy actually didn't, as it sorted out competitively,
didn't deliver the level of value that we had expected that would be. But the
urgency has been high, remains high, and we remain excited that there would be
-- the fact that our revenues didn't perform as well as some of our peers in 2018
is a combination of largely the fact where we fly. I'd point out again that
when the performance in Latin America, particularly South America, where we are
much larger than our competitors versus where they fly, had a big impact to
that number. And then in relation to one of them, of course, their -- they did
a really nice job of getting an airline that wasn't performing particularly
well performing well. But if you look on 2 years over 2 years, against that
airline, we're still -- our RASM's still up more than theirs is. So the issue
becomes more of, and an issue of some concern to us, is when you look to the
fact that a RASM versus Delta that was -- that had been closing every year
since the merger, widened in 2018. Again, a lot of that's Latin America. But
also as we look at it, the initiatives that Robert and Don described are some
areas that they've done -- that they're a little bit ahead of us. They merged
well ahead of us. They've done a nice job. But things like the ability to get
sell-up into more channels and to more customers is something that we will be
doing before too long, allowed -- has allowed them to widen that gap. So we're
running full force, have been running full force, will continue to do an
amazing job. But because of all those things, and as we head into 2018, we
remain confident in saying that we believe that in 2018, our unit revenue will
outpace our competitors. But again, that's a forecast, and it's dependent also
upon what they do. So -- but we said that last 3 quarters now because we feel
really good about where we are positioned, not less -- more of a comment on
where we are versus where they are, to the extent that they're doing things we
don't know about, that may or may not be the case. But I did want to let our
investors know that what we saw in '18, as our RASM declining versus our
competitors for the first time in a few years, wasn't something that we expect
to continue.

OPERATOR: This concludes our analyst question-and-answer
session. We will now take questions from the media. (Operator Instructions) And
our first question will come from the line of Mary Schlangenstein with
Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Can you guys talk about any financial
impact from the government shutdown? Southwest and Delta have both put a number
on that, at least for the month of January. Can you talk about what you're
seeing?

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don. We have seen some impact, but
there is a lot of uncertainty as to kind of what the -- what's going to happen
going forward. And so we have not yet put a dollar value on it. But what we've
seen to date is included in our guidance for the first quarter.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Okay. And can you talk about what you
are seeing? Is it just basically a decline in government business travel,
government contractors traveling?

DONALD B. CASEY: It's a bit of softness in the 0- to 14-day
travel.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Okay, great. And Don, can you also talk
a little bit about what your yields on close-in business travel are looking
like this first quarter? Are they higher than a year ago? Are they staying
strong?

DONALD B. CASEY: We saw in the fourth quarter quite strong
yields, actually, the last 2 quarters, in our 0- to 6- and 7- to 13-day booking
windows. We would expect that to continue going forward.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew
Tangel with Wall Street Journal.

ANDREW TANGEL: Question on the shutdown as well. This week,
unions for aircraft controllers, pilots and flight attendants sounded the alarm
over the shutdown's effects on the U.S. aviation system and raised questions
about safety, that the entire system could, at some point break. How concerned
are you about that right now? And are you all seeing any signs of stress or
worry or any operational issues at this point?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Look, we -- this is Robert. First off, our
team, in conjunction with our partners, both at the FAA and from a security
perspective, TSA, we're always going to make the right decision for the safety
and security of our team members and our customers. So there's no doubt, no
lack of confidence in what we have in front of us. That said, we don't need
distractions. We need people to be at work and confident and taken care of. And
we do that at American with our team, and we need to get our partners in a
situation where they feel similarly confident in being taken care of.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Andrew, I'll just add on a
little bit. To Robert's point, our business is so focused on safety that to the
extent there are fewer TSA people or fewer air traffic controllers, what tends
to happen is you get long lines at TSA, but still, the same level of scrutiny.
You get larger separation of aircraft, so you have delayed airspace, things
that's really concerning to us. So -- and that's why -- that's what we fear may
happen. We want to thank all the people at TSA and all of our aircraft
controllers who are showing up without actually getting paychecks and taking
care of our team, taking care of the flying public. It's phenomenal what
they're doing. We appreciate what they're doing, and we would encourage our
government to get them to a position where these hard-working people can be
paid for what they're doing.

ANDREW TANGEL: And as a follow-up on something Don said a
minute ago with reference to the quarter 1 outlook. He tied the potential for 0
growth in the first quarter unit revenue to the government shutdown. Overall,
are you all -- I mean, the shutdown aside or potentially including the
shutdown, are you all seeing any signs of an economic slowdown or any early
signs of a recession? Any difficulty raising fares in the main cabin or premium
seats or anything of that nature?

DONALD B. CASEY: No, I mean, just to clarify, I guess, I'm
not sure what your comment just about 0 growth related to that government shutdown,
what we -- we haven't really put a number on the government shutdown. And it is
included in our guidance, which is, 0 to 2%, right? So we're expecting positive
unit revenue growth in the first quarter. As for looking at the rest of the
business and seeing whether we're seeing any slowdown in bookings anywhere in
the system, we are not. Corporate demand continues to be strong, and our kind
of how the load factor position going forward is up materially on a
year-over-year basis.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from the line of
Leslie Josephs with CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: On the corporate demand, just to clarify,
you said that it's higher this year than last year at the same point for
January? I'm just trying to gauge the shutdown impact and what that was. I
didn't catch that. And my other question is are you still committed to flying
to Venezuela?

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don again. Yes, corporate revenues
so far this year have been up month-to-date. As far as Venezuela goes, we fly 3
times a day there, and we intend to continue our service. It's a relatively
small part of our business. It's 0.2% of our overall system revenue.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Okay. And on the shutdown, the impact, you
said a bit of softness in the 0- to 14-day yields?

DONALD B. CASEY: That is correct.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Okay. But no dollar impact that you're
seeing so far?

DONALD B. CASEY: We are not going to disclose a dollar
impact. We'll look at it after the government gets back to work to figure out
how impactful that was.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy
Rucinski with Reuters.

TRACY RUCINSKI: I wanted to ask about China. I've seen some
data out of China that shows a 20% decline in outbound traffic to the United
States in the third quarter of 2018. Have you seen any decline in inbound
traffic from China, particularly for shorter stays?

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don again. We have not. Now we did
take some capacity action in China, and we ended up suspending service from
Chicago to Shanghai and Beijing, which probably helps us a bit more. But our
advanced book load factor in China looks fine.

TRACY RUCINSKI: Okay. So no sort of impacts from the ongoing
trade dispute?

DONALD B. CASEY: We don't see any impact right now in our
business.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of John
Biers with AFP.

JOHN BIERS: Are you worried that there could be a hit
related to the shutdown, either from people who are worried about safety
because of things like what the unions are saying about air traffic controllers
and so forth? Or because they are worried about the delays to the system, the
extra hassle of traveling? Is this -- looking forward, is this something that
could really hit demand in 2019?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, again, we would just encourage
the government to get reopened so that people can get paid and that our
customers can rest assured that they won't be waiting in long lines or face
delays at the airport because of air traffic controllers that can't afford to
show up for work. That's what needs to happen. Demand remains strong. This is
certainly not a long-term demand issue. Our government presumably will reopen
again one day and hopefully, not before too long. So it's certainly been long
enough. We're putting a strain on people who have been working without a --
missing a couple of paychecks. And that will, at some point, result in people
not being at work. And when we don't have enough TSA agents, you'll see longer
lines. When we don't have enough ATC controllers, you'll see more delays in
airspace. Those would be bad things. So far, everybody's been phenomenal about
doing it. We're concerned, but we haven't seen any sort of drop-off in demand,
other than the moderate softness Don talked about inside 14 days because of
travel during the shutdown itself. But demand for air travel remains strong.
People are flying, and I suspect they will continue to want to fly as we get
the government opened up again.

ROBERT D. ISOM: And remarkably, people are doing a fantastic
job of keeping the aircraft and the airports moving. And so we're really
confident in what we've seen so far in terms of operations and thankful to all
those that are doing their jobs.

OPERATOR: And we have time for one more question. Our last
question comes from Robert Silk with Travel Weekly.

ROBERT SILK: Can you tell me if you all have any plans --
NDC initiatives planned in the coming year and what those might be if you do?

ROBERT D. ISOM: NDC.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, yes, no, we do have plans. We've
announced them to the marketplace, and we continue to plan to expand our NDC
offering. Now our approach to this is to improve the product offering that
we're able to deliver through NDC so that our agency partners are able to
service customers more effectively. And that's the -- our focus going forward.

ROBERT SILK: Will you work in other -- increase for the
channels that you work through NDC, more direct connects, or more going through
any of these exchanges, I should say, any of these approaches?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, I mean, again, our plan is to continue
to expand use of NDC with everyone that is interested, as we think we're going
to be able to deliver more product and better products to their customers.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: All right, thanks. Okay, I think
that's everyone. Thanks, operator. Thanks, everyone, for your interest, and
thanks in particular to the American Airlines team for taking care of each
other and our customers. We're excited for 2019. We appreciate your interest.
Thanks.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating
in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect.
Everyone, have a great day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012419a12264813.713










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR
PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS
(78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); PRICES (78%); CONFERENCES &
CONVENTIONS (76%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (55%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); DEUT (JSE)
(82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%); MS
(NYSE) (55%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING &
SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY
BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (84%); SIC6029
COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS551111
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL
INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%);
SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF
FOREIGN BANKS (82%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING &
FINANCE (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE
(78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); PASSENGER & CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%); REAL
ESTATE (78%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); REAL
ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (74%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 June 5, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
25, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 13264 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Elise R. Eberwein

. - EVP of People & Communications

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Stephen L. Johnson

American Airlines Group Inc. - EVP of Corporate Affairs

* William Douglas Parker

American Airlines Group Inc. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Andrew Tangel

* Conor Shine

* David Koenig

* John Biers

* Leslie Josephs

* Mary Schlangenstein

* Robert Silk

* Ted Reed

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being recorded.
(Operator Instructions) And now, I would like to turn the conference over to
your moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks,
and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines Group Third
Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the call this morning is
Doug Parker, Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, our
Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for the question-and-answer session
are several of our senior executives, including Maya Leibman, Chief Information
Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Elise Eberwein, our EVP
of People and Communications; and Don Casey, our Senior Vice President of
Revenue Management.

Like we normally do, Doug will start the call with an
overview of our financial results. Derek will then walk us through the details
on the third quarter and provide some additional information on guidance for
the fourth quarter. Robert will then follow with commentary on the operational
performance and revenue environment. And then after we hear from those
comments, we'll open the call for analysts questions and lastly, questions from
the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans
and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as
to future events, but there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of
these risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued
this morning and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2018, that
was also issued this morning.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings release, and that can be found on our website.

A webcast of this call will be archived on the website as
well, and the information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's
date, and we undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

Thanks again for joining us. And at this point, I'll turn
the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. Today
we report a third quarter 2018 pretax profit of $688 million, excluding net
special items. Those results include our highest ever revenue performance, thanks
to our 130,000 hard-working team members. But unfortunately a rise in fuel
prices outpaced that increase in revenues. Higher jet fuel prices alone
increased our quarterly expenses by over $750 million versus the same quarter
last year and therefore our pretax earnings, excluding specials for the quarter
were $485 million lower than the third quarter 2017.

Now the declining earnings has been met with the declining
stock price, which neither we nor our investors are happy about. The good news
is we're extremely bullish on the future of American and for good reason. This
disconnect between the stock price and our view of the future seems to us like
a buying opportunity and we're happy to be here to talk to you all about it. So
look, there are 5 reasons that we're so bullish. First we have extensive
revenue initiatives underway that are expected to bring more than $1 billion in
revenue improvements to American in 2019 versus 2018. Importantly, the drivers
of this value are not share shift because of a better product like new
airplanes or industry-leading WiFi or world-class clubs and lounges, though we
certainly believe some upside exist in that regard. This is value that will
happen as we simply execute against known projects such as project
segmentation, fleet reconfiguration and international network restructuring.

Second, we also expect about $300 million in cost
improvements in 2019 versus this year. That's the result of our One Airline
project, which has been expanded and accelerated in light of higher fuel costs
and Derek will discuss that further. Third, we have the opportunity to grow
where we have a real competitive advantage. We have what we believe will be the
lowest growth plans in the industry for 2019, but we also have what we believe
are the best growth prospects. We have 15 gates opening at our largest and most
profitable hub in Dallas/Fort Worth in early 2019. We have routes in and out of
Dallas/Fort Worth that will immediately generate higher-than-average
profitability versus the marginal profitability that airline growth usually
generates.

Fourth, we're dedicated to improving our operating
reliability. We've been steadily improving the operating reliability of
American according to plan in each year since our merger in late 2013. But that
trend changed in the summer of 2018, and we backed a little bit. As Robert will
discuss, we rededicated ourselves to producing the best operational reliability
since the merger in -- since our merger in 2019, and that's our top corporate
priority. The work's already begun, showing some great results. So this is even
more upside for 2019.

And then fifth, we are nearing the end of our major
post-merger capital expenditure requirement. Our capital expenditures at
American have averaged $5.3 billion per year in the 5 years since the merger.
That over $25 billion is by far the most any carrier has invested in its fleet,
product and team in the history of commercial aviation. And the result is a
valuable set of assets that will serve our shareholders well for decades to come.
And we're going to spend a little under $5 billion in 2019 as we have one more
aircraft order to fund. But after that, we're largely done with the backlog and
our CapEx drops precipitously to approximately $3 billion in 2020, $2 billion
in 2021 and we expect it will remain in the $2 billion to $3 billion range
thereafter.

So because of all those items, we're excited about our near
and long-term future. We're confident that American will return to revenue
outperformance and earnings growth in 2019 and beyond. Now it sounds like we're
extremely optimistic is because we're. But please don't mistake confidence for
indifference. We're extremely focused on results and execution and completing
the hard work necessary to deliver this value. We just happen to be confident
it'll happen because we know we have the right plan in place and the right
people to deliver it. We look forward to proving that over time.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Derek and Robert.

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: All right. Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd
like to recognize and thank our team who have had to contend with some very
challenging weather conditions during the quarter. Their hard work and
willingness to go above and beyond on behalf of our passengers in some very
difficult circumstances is appreciated by us all.

We filed our third quarter earnings press release and 10-Q
this morning. While this was another profitable quarter for American Airlines,
earnings were lower due primarily to a 38% increase in average fuel cost per
gallon. Excluding net special items, we reported a net profit of $523 million
in 2018 versus our 2017 net profit of $729 million, which included a negative
impact to pretax earnings from Hurricane Florence of approximately $50 million.
Our diluted earnings per share, excluding net special items in the third
quarter of 2018 was $1.13 per share and excluding net special items, our third
quarter pretax profit was $688 million with a pretax margin of 6%.

Our total operating revenues were 5.4% to $11.6 billion, the
highest third quarter revenue in American Airlines' history. On a unit revenue
basis, total revenue per ASM was up 2.6% and this was the eighth consecutive
quarter in which we achieved positive unit revenue growth. Passenger revenues
were $10.6 billion, a 4.6% improvement driven in part by a 2.2% improvement in
yields. The third quarter saw another excellent performance by our cargo
organization. For the third quarter, cargo revenue was $260 million, a 16.4%
improvement year-over-year driven primarily by a 12.1% improvement in yields.
Other revenues were up 14.5%, driven primarily by continued strength in our
loyalty program.

Total operating expenses were $10.9 billion, up 12.4%. The
primarily driver of this increase was the higher fuel price I mentioned
earlier, which drove approximately $750 million of year-over-year incremental
expense. As a result, consolidated cost per ASM was up 9.4% year-over-year. In
this increasing fuel cost environment, we continue to make the reduction of
nonfuel cost a priority. When we initially provided guidance on our third
quarter of 2018 back in January, we projected that fuel would be up -- would be
at approximately $2.10 a gallon and that CASM, excluding fuel and special items
would increase by approximately 1.5% on ASM growth of close to 4%. As fuel cost
increased throughout the year, we worked to eliminate nonessential costs from
the organization, while at the same time optimizing our network and focusing on
reducing unprofitable capacity. As a result of these efforts, our third quarter
consolidated CASM, excluding fuel and special items was up only 0.8%
year-over-year on an over 100 basis point reduction and system capacity growth
to 2.7%.

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with
approximately $7.4 billion in total available liquidity. During the quarter,
our treasury team completed several transactions, including a $500 million
upsize of our London Heathrow term loan as well as securing financing for
certain 2019 aircraft deliveries. We now have financing for all mainline
aircraft deliveries through June of 2019. In addition, the company made $156
million contribution to its defined benefit plans. For the year, we have made
$467 million in pension contributions. One benefit of the rising interest rate
environment is that it reduces our pension liability, which all else being
equal will lower future pension funding obligations and improve our free cash
position in the medium- to long term.

As of today, we estimate our GAAP liability has reduced by
$2 billion from the start of the year and our 2019 cash contribution has
reduced by about $110 million to $780 million based on year-to-date asset
performance. We have lowered our adjusted debt, including pensions by $743
million since the beginning of the year. Now that our fleet renewal program is
winding down, we continue to believe that our 2018 year-end adjusted debt will
be lower than at the end of the third quarter and we expect that over the next few
years, this trend will continue as we naturally delever the company.

We did not repurchase any stock during the third quarter,
leaving our available authorization for stock buybacks unchanged at $1.65
billion. The fact that we did not repurchase any stock is not due to a change
in our belief that the stock is undervalued. As we have consistently said, our
priorities for our use of cash are: number one, to meet our outstanding
obligations when due; two, to make appropriate investments in the business; and
finally, to opportunistically return any excess liquidity to shareholders. But
we define excess liquidity as anything above the very high level of $7 billion.
As fuel prices rose earlier this year, we began to forecast a year-end cash
balance near that $7 billion target level, so we stopped repurchasing our
shares. We're extremely bullish on AAL, and would be aggressive buyers at these
levels, but maintaining $7 billion of target liquidity is a key component of
our capital allocation strategy and we won't violate it to repurchase shares
irrespective of our bullishness.

We filed our investor update this morning, which includes
our guidance for the remainder of the year. Consistent with our previous
guidance given on the last earnings call, we continue to expect our full year
system capacity growth will be just over 2%, down significantly from our
expectations of approximately 3% at the beginning of 2018. Despite this
reduction, we continue to believe that our fourth quarter year-over-year CASM
ex fuel and special items will be flat, and our full year 2018 CASM will be up
approximately 1.5%, down 50 basis points from our expectations in January of
2018.

Given the run up of fuel over the past few months, we
continue to expect higher fuel expense in the fourth quarter of 2018. Based on
the fuel forward curve as of October 24, we are forecasting an increasing
consolidated fuel expense of 33% or $2.5 billion for the full year 2018. For
the full year, we now anticipate our fuel price to be between $2.22 to $2.27
per gallon. We also guided to a fourth quarter 2018 TRASM increase of 1.5% to
3.5% to which Robert will provide more details on in his remarks. With our
combined revenue and cost guidance, we expect our fourth quarter of 2018 pretax
margin, excluding net special items to be between 4.5% and 6.5% and our full
year 2018 earnings per share, excluding net special items guidance to be
between 4.5% and 5%.

We are still in the process of developing our plan for 2019.
With fuel prices remaining high, we are once again reviewing our capacity plans
as we are in the middle of our budgeting process. We continue to expect our ASM
growth in 2019 to be in line with or below estimated GDP growth and amongst the
lowest in the industry. Our capacity growth in 2019 will come primarily from
our unique opportunity to add incremental flying to Dallas/Fort Worth, our most
profitable hub as well as our fleet modernization project to add existing seats
to our narrowbody aircraft, which allows us to grow capacity in extremely
efficient way.

In addition to this margin accretive growth, we are
confident of successful execution on our business plan, which we continue to
believe will include an incremental $1.3 billion in revenue and cost
opportunities for 2019. Given this level of capacity and the incremental cost
opportunities, we continue to expect that our CASM growth in 2019 will be in
the 1% to 2% range that we previously guided and we'll have a better read once
we finish our 2019 planning process by year-end.

In terms of capital expenditures for 2019, we continue to
expect that we will spend $2.9 billion on aircraft CapEx as we take delivery of
new large RJs that replace 50 seaters, along with narrowbody aircraft to
replace our MD-80 fleet that will retire after next summer. We now believe our
non-aircraft CapEx will be $1.7 billion in 2019, a $100 million lower than
previous guidance. After 2019, most of our integration projects will be
complete. At that time, our obligations reduce considerably and we estimate
that total CapEx will be $2.9 billion in 2020 and $2.2 billion in 2021, thus
allowing us to generate significant free cash flow.

During 2018, we have adjusted to higher cost by reducing
capacity growth, slowing nonfuel CASM growth by pulling forward some of our One
Airline cost initiatives and lowering our capital expenditures by deferring
aircraft. Going forward, we will continue to focus on growing network
profitability, executing on our revenue opportunities and further lowering
costs throughout the airline. We have an exciting long-term vision for American
Airlines and we're pleased with the success of our efforts in 2018. We will
continue on this path as strengthening our business in the short term will
allow us to take full advantage of the opportunities available to us in the medium
and long term. In conclusion, I would like to once again thank our entire team
for their hard work in the challenging quarter.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek, and good morning, everybody. In October, we successfully
completed our largest integration project to date, moving all 27,000 American
flight attendants into 1 scheduling system. The benefits and efficiencies we'll
gain are wide-reaching. Our flight attendants are no longer limited to flying
on their legacy carriers' aircraft and will have the flexibility to move to
different bases. For our customers, will be able to recover more quickly
following irregular operations. And it removes the friction point from how we schedule
our aircraft and crews, giving us more operational flexibility and the ability
to optimize our network and drive efficiencies. This was a massive 4-year
effort by our team who invested more than 6.2 million hours to ensure our
success. I want to thank all of our team members who work behind the scenes to
prepare us and on the frontline who have seen an enormous amount of change.

Progress on integration is one reason our operation is set
to improve. Since the merger and up through this past winter, American had been
making steady progress and improving core operating reliability, while also
achieving important merger milestones. However, this past summer, we fell short
of our target that we had set for ourselves. While there are factors like
inclement weather and unexpected increases in workload associated with some
aircraft types that contributed to our underperformance, we know that we must
do better and we will. To that end, our immediate focus is on making sure that
our fleet is ready to go each morning and that we resource our team to turn
aircraft on time throughout the day.

We have taken immediate short-term action and launched a
comprehensive review of our planning processes to ensure that we are ready to
deliver better service during peak schedule periods like the summer and
year-end holidays. Our efforts are already paying dividends, as evidenced by 2
successive 0 cancellation mainline operations this past week and we're also
operating greater than 99% mainline completion factor so far in October,
despite difficult operating conditions in DFW and also dealing with Hurricane
Michael. On that note, I have to point out what an incredible job our teams
across the system did to recover from both Michael and Hurricane Florence in
September. In both instances, our teams were well prepared and the greatest
testament to how quickly we got back -- the operation back and running, the
testament to that is how quickly we got the operation back up and running,
especially out on the East Coast.

On the product side, we've talked a lot about the $25
billion we have invested since our merger in people, facilities, product,
laying the foundation for a more efficient and reliable airline. And we're done
yet. We continue to make significant investments in our product and we'll
continue to grow our Flagship First Dining, our Flagship First Lounges with the
DFW opening in the first quarter of 2019. We're also investing more in our
Admirals Club network with refresh projects in Boston, Charlotte B and also in
Pittsburgh in the first half of 2019. We have significantly enhanced
connectivity on board by adding high-speed WiFi and in-seat power. Half of our
long-term domestic mainline fleet now has high-speed WiFi and installations
will be complete by next summer.

We are adding live TV to our domestic mainline fleet, a
product our international customers have been enjoying since 2016. These
transformational investments in our product, which touch every point of the
customer's journey, will drive higher revenues and improve customer perception.
We continue to play to our strengths when it comes to our network, adding
high-quality, high-margin growth and redeployment opportunities at our most
profitable hubs. Our 2018 domestic network additions to Dallas/Fort Worth and
Charlotte produced margins far above our system average. And in 2019, we'll
continue to capitalize on that strength by adding 15 gates and 100 departures
per day at DFW. In 2020, we'll add 7 new gates at Charlotte, enabling another
75 daily departures. In 2021, the new regional terminal will open at Reagan
National, allowing us to upgauge to 76 regional jets -- 76-seat regional jet at
14 gates, which today as a practical matter are limited to 50-seat regional
jets.

Our sales team has been executing well on its strategies. In
the third quarter, we saw corporate revenue growth outpacing top line revenue
on improved average ticket values. We have a healthy pipeline of new corporate
accounts and made a number of advancements for customers, including our
integration with SAP Concur TripLink, so that our corporate customers can now
book travel through aa.com while still receiving their company's negotiated
rate. We also launched a partnership with Alibaba to accept Alipay on
aa.com/China. Alipay is China's most popular form of payment. American is
uniquely positioned with the largest airline loyalty program in the world.
Advantage is a key asset for us and our customers, adding $4.2 billion in
revenue for the first 9 months of 2018. We have a valuable co-brand model with
great partners in Citi, Barclays and MasterCard.

In the third quarter, we saw a strong year-over-year
acquisition growth with lower-than-expected attrition and continued growth in
card spend. We are excited about the enhanced benefits we announced to our Citi/Advantage
Platinum Select card in May and the introduction of a no fee co-brand card in
July, the AAdvantage MileUp card. These recent additions to our portfolio build
on our already strong value proposition to customers helping to ensure that an
AAdvantage co-brand card is the primary card for even more travelers. Looking
to 2019, we'll continue to find new ways to provide choice and value to our
customers in our loyalty and co-brand programs.

Our segmentation strategy is performing well. Premium Economy
is now installed on 92 aircraft and customer adoption of this highly
differentiated product has been strong. We also continue to be encouraged with
the average fare differential, which is double the coach fare as customers
continue to buy up from main cabin. Installations remain on track and will be
complete by next summer. As we look into 2019, we'll further monetize this
product with new revenue management and merchandising capabilities. In
September, we made basic economy more competitive by removing the carry-on bag
restriction, allowing us to offer basic economy to more markets more often.

The early results are very positive and have exceeded our
initial expectations with approximately 3x more customers now buying up to a
higher fare for our main cabin product. Basic Economy is offered across the
entire domestic network as well as most of the Atlantic, Caribbean, Mexico and
Central America. Our third quarter revenue was up 5.4% year-over-year to $11.6
billion, setting a record for any third quarter. As Derek mentioned, we saw a
double-digit growth in our cargo and other revenues, driven in part by
continued strength in co-brand credit card acquisitions and cardholder spend.

TRASM improved 2.6% year-over-year, up from the midpoint of
our initial guidance and marks the eighth consecutive quarter of positive unit
revenue growth. We saw sequential improvements during the quarter in domestic
yield, and that momentum has continued into the fourth quarter. We're also --
we also realized strong performance in our international business, particularly
across the Atlantic. There we saw double-digit growth in passenger revenue and
a 7.7% year-over-year increase in unit revenue. This solid improvement was
driven by strong yield performance in our premium cabin and the continued
benefits of our segmentation strategy led by the Premium Economy and Basic
Economy products.

As we had anticipated, our Latin America performance was a
little challenging during the quarter due to macro concerns in Argentina,
political uncertainty in Brazil and a soft pricing environment in Mexico. The
remainder of our Latin America network is performing well with notable strength
in the Caribbean and Central America. Overall, revenue for the region still
grew by 2.3% albeit on 4% higher capacity, 2.6 percentage point lower loads and
an encouraging 1.5% higher yields. Unit revenue grew in the Pacific for the
fourth consecutive quarter with PRASM up 2.4% year-over-year. Premium cabin
performance remains strong with Japanese and Korean markets showing the best
business performance year-over-year.

Looking forward, we see continued strength in bookings as
the demand for our product remains strong. Despite a very tough fourth quarter
comparison, we expect our year-over-year system TRASM to be up 1.5% to 3.5% in
the December ending quarter. This will be our ninth consecutive quarter of
positive unit revenue growth. As we approach the end of our integration, we
have the opportunity to pursue a number of initiatives that in many cases have
already been implemented by our competitors and have been in our plan for a
long time. In 2019, we'll increase revenues by $1 billion, thanks to optimizing
our Basic Economy product, expanding the use of Premium Economy seats, further
refining our suite of revenue management tools, continuing our fleet
harmonization project and many more items. We also expect to become more
efficient with more than $300 million of cost initiatives in line of sight and
the hub optimization at DFW I mentioned. That will be beneficial to margins and
profitability relative to the competition. We're very excited about the future.

And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator
and begin our Q&A session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: Operator Instructions) And our first question is
from Jamie Baker from JP Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, in a
presentation you did last fall - well, I guess it's this fall, I think it was
at an Alliance event, you cited that your aggregate margin performance in, I
think it was Charlotte, Dallas and Washington, and what that implied for your
other hubs was comparatively poor. Kind of round numbers it implied that
Chicago, Phoenix, Miami were a little bit less than half as profitable as the
best hubs. I certainly have my views as to what the drivers are for that
potential disparity, again, this is all back of the envelope, but I am curious
to hear what you think the drivers might be and whether there are any solutions
for those weaker hubs?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thanks, Jamie. First to -- let
me clarify, because also on those numbers we include LAX and New York, right.
So you shouldn't assume that, that's Miami, Chicago and Phoenix.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. That's fair.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: So but nonetheless fair point I
think. As you look -- anyway, there is -- what I'd tell you is, again, every
airline I've been at, that's often the case. You have some parts of the system
that do better than others, but they all contribute to the system. And indeed,
that's certainly the case with operations like JFK and -- like our L.A. and New
York operation and indeed our Miami operation right now certainly is
underperforming on a financial basis, given the economics of the region. So but
Chicago, Phoenix are solid and those others will be solid over time where they
contribute to the rest of the system because of what they provide us and our
ability to serve the corporate traveler. So we're - long way of me saying we're
really happy with the route network as it exists today. Expect no changes and
particularly happy with the fact that we have the ability now to grow in those
that are the most important -- well, not most important, I shouldn't say, but
those that have the highest revenue -- the highest profit generation
capabilities, DFW, Charlotte and DCA. And we've done a nice job, I think of
filling out all the rest of the others to a critical mass. Do you want to add
to that?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Jamie, I just wanted to add though, in terms
of the kind of adjustments we're making, we do think that, in all our hubs,
whether it's growing or redeploying assets to Charlotte, DFW and DCA that, that
will make those even stronger. But then some of the actions that we've recently
taken are specifically designed to ensure that places like Chicago and Miami
perform better as well. And so we know that the reductions in the Chicago to
Asia flying is definitely going to help there. You know about the gate
additions that we've made, which further strengthen the connectivity
capabilities of Chicago as a domestic connecting hub for us. And then in terms
of Miami as well, we have some underperformers, SÃ£o Paulo, Belo Horizonte,
that we made adjustments to and we're keeping an eye on all of South America to
make sure that we're strong as possible.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thanks, Robert.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Appreciate -- I'm sorry, something
else?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: No, I said thanks to Robert. Go
ahead.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. And a follow-up for you,
Robert, you talked enthusiastically quite a bit about the operations. When it
comes to fuel, it's a fairly simple analysis to calculate how much time is
required by the airline or the industry to recoup higher prices. What I'm not
able to figure out is when operations improve, how long does it take to win
back some of the corporate share that you might have shed in recent years? So
first do you have an opinion on that lag? And second what level of corporate
share recapture, if any, does your internal 2019 forecast assume?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, first off, Jamie, let me tell you that
there hasn't been any loss in corporate share at American. We've had a really
solid quarter in corporate revenue. As I mentioned, growing faster than top
line revenue growth. And as we take a look, it's broad strength across the
corporate led by professional services. We've got a healthy pipeline of new
accounts, 450 new managed corporate accounts signed just this past quarter and
a lot of enhancements coming. We haven't seen any weakness or fall off. And as
a matter of fact, we're really pleased what we've seen, and an improving
operation is only going to drive more benefit.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And the 2019 numbers don't assume
any sort of increase, so to the extent there is some, that'd be upside, Jamie.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay, pure gravy. Appreciate it.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Duane Pfennigwerth from
Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: So you've been pretty conservative
and pretty subdued with your domestic capacity growth, and I wonder if you
could just expand a little bit on kind of the 3Q performance because 1%
domestic RASM relative to peers, relative to what frankly the economy did, what
happened there? How do you see that going forward? And how did you post 2%, 3%
domestic revenue in the third quarter?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Okay. This is Don. I'll take this one. Again if we go look at
our domestic performance, what we see is improving trends. If you look at our
third quarter performance -- or revenue performance in domestic was better than
our second quarter unit revenue performance, which was also positive. We're
seeing improved yields in the domestic business, not only in the third quarter,
but in particular as we look forward into the fourth quarter. Lot of this is
driven by changes in pricing environments, particularly in ULCC markets.
Business demand remains pretty robust. We're seeing improvement in close in
yields. Strong corporate demand, Robert mentioned that our domestic corporate
revenue grew at 10% in the quarter, and that remains -- continues to be
positive as we look forward. So as we look at our domestic performance, we
again saw improvement as we went from Q2 to Q3 and we expect as we're looking
into the Q4 outlook that domestic will improve again.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then just a quick follow-up
for Derek. Can you speak to the pension gains that were in non-op in '18 and
how you see those trending into 2019?

DEREK J. KERR: Oh, the pension gains will -- they stay for
another 3 years I think and then run off, but it's -- so that's -- they'll be
-- year-over-year will be the same as we -- as in your 2019 model of the
pension gains.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Joseph DeNardi from
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug and Derek, you
talked about the CapEx profile coming down in 2021. Just want to be crystal
clear that those numbers have moved around a little bit, it feels like the past
couple years. So are you guys both committing to no more than $3 billion in
CapEx in 2020 and no more than $2 billion in 2021?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: It's an estimate. Go ahead, Derek.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't say we'll commit to
anything, but I think -- I mean, they've moved and they've been pushed out
really and it's really driven by the deliveries. So yes, we're set with the
deliveries in 2019, 2020, 2021. And the aircraft deliveries were in -- from an
aircraft CapEx, 2020 is about $1.2 billion and 2021 is $1 billion and 2022 is
$1.3 billion and we have no reason to change that. So I would say yes, that is
where we're going to be from a total CapEx perspective. And the run rate as we
go forward should be in that 2.5% range steady-state, even going forward from
there because we don't have any plans for any new aircraft at this point in
time going forward since we've already really gone through the fleet
replacement program and taken on over 600 new aircraft now since the merger.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: So Joe, let me try and do -- anyway,
just want to say - anyways, what we believe, and I think it's a belief that makes
sense. Let me just share the assumption behind what Derek just said, which is
we don't have any need at this point for additional aircraft to replace older
aircraft, which we did have over time and there's no -- and that's -- so that's
what the current plan calls for. I guess the only way it would go up from that
is for some reason, we decide we want to grow like in excess of what we
currently believe, then we go decide we need to go find other aircraft. But
anyway that's...

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. And Joe, there's only one -- I mean from
a fleet perspective, we had -- still have some 50-seat aircraft that we'd like
to replace with larger gauge aircraft, 2-Class aircraft, and we haven't
committed that yet and looked at that. So we have an opportunity in the regional
space and that's really the only place. From a mainline and wide-body aircraft
everything is really in place for the next 4, 5 years.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay, that's very helpful. And then
Robert, you mentioned something in your prepared remarks about a credit card
that you guys have with Citi and Barclays. That sounds pretty exciting.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, it is.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Robert, can you spend, in respect
for my colleagues, can you spend 90 seconds talking about that? Assume I know
nothing about the partnership, how do you guys get value? How does the business
work? I would love to hear more.

ROBERT D. ISOM: All right. Well, first off, we have to start
with our -- the AAdvantage program. So our loyalty program, which is the largest
program and we believe the best out there in the business. As a benefit, there
is the opportunity to align with partners and in this case, we're aligning with
Citi and Barclays. They can brand their credit card and offer benefits to their
customers when they acquire credit cards and then also spend on those credit
cards by earning miles that are redeemable ultimately in our program. American
is obviously paid for those miles. Those miles are a nice business for us and
something that we are able to offer customers value for that keep people really
interested. At the end of the day, the value is in the American brand, the
value is in the service that American offers, flying people to the places that
they want to go and that is something that a lot of different partners want to
be part of, and in this case Citi and Barclays.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from David Vernon from
Bernstein.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I just had a question on the cadence and
the timing of when the new gates are going to open up and how impactful the
redeployment of some of the capacity into those better margin hubs is going to
be, like how should that affect the trajectory of earnings as we move through
2019?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We'll have to -- Derek can help me
out a little with this. But the gates are going to start layering on in May and
we'll fill them up over time as the summer progresses. And in terms of benefits
in either growth or redeployment opportunities, that will layer in and we have
haven't yet given any estimates on how much that will improve, but we do know
that it is going to be profitable for us.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, I agree. And David, that's not included
in the $1 billion revenue synergies or revenue opportunities that we talked
about. As we're working to get those gates open as soon as we can and we'll
layer that in as we move forward from a revenue perspective into the 2019
forecast.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Hunter Keay from Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So look, you guys talked about
corporate revs being strong, you're not the only one, but you're also paying
for that again with these TMC commissions that are up hugely across the
industry. But I kind of like, I know there has been a little bit of an effort
in the industry early this year to sort of get back some of the front-end
commissions you're paying to the TMCs. I'm wondering, a, how that's going? How
we should think about the trajectory of these TMC or these agency commissions
going forward? And if you want to include how NDC ramping may help to offset
some of this agency commission expense, that'd be great.

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. Hunter, this is Don. In terms of
commission expenses, this is really a competitive marketplace, right. So we're
really focused on competitiveness and that's really the focus, right. So in
terms of trajectory and TMC or any kind of commission costs, we've been
actually relatively flat. And our goal going forward is really to stay
competitive with our big competitors on a network basis. As for NDC, our focus
on NDC is to improve the products, right, that we offer to our customers,
particularly our corporate customers and it is less of a cost initiative for us
than it is ability to be able to put more products and particularly bundled
products in front of our corporate customers.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. And then Steve Johnson, one question
for you. Can you talk, the U.K. is announcing that it's going to review the
existing ATI you have with BA. I was surprised by this, a lot of people that
know things were surprised by this -- know better than I do on this topic were
surprised by it. Can you tell us what they are going to be examining? And if
you want to fold that into a broader conversation about how regulators are
viewing ATI and JVs in general these days, that'd be great?

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON, EVP OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Sure, Hunter. Thanks. It's really good question. First, I
suppose if you were surprised, shame on us a little bit. The arrangement with
the Atlantic Joint Business has always been that it would be reviewed by the
European regulators in advance of its 10th anniversary, which is in 2020. As
Brexit has unfolded, that responsibility moved from the EU to the U.K. and they
for reasons, I think, are just -- they just had the resources available to
start doing the review now. We are very optimistic about how the review is
going to come out. These joint businesses are -- really provide fabulous
consumer benefits and all of the studies that we've done of the Atlantic Joint
Business in particular and JVs in general have demonstrated that. And there
certainly is no joint business that has come close to what we've been able to
produce for consumers than our Atlantic Joint Business. Though I suspect the
review will take a few months, there'll be, I'm sure, a report written at some
point in time. But our expectation is that they are going to firmly endorse the
Atlantic Joint Business and reach conclusions like the ones that I've just
described. These -- I maybe just take a minute to go on. I mean, this work that
we've done to review joint businesses has now been 17 or 18 years of robust
data from joint businesses. And we've assembled it and put it into our advocacy
around our Qantas joint business application and our 2 applications that are
forthcoming. It's really very compelling. And we expect both U.K. and the
United States DOT to recognize that and firmly endorse the joint business
concept going forward.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Michael Linenberg from
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Robert, you mentioned that with
the change in your sort of carry-on bag policy that you're seeing 3x the number
of passengers now buying up and I guess, presumably, that's just because you're
able to offer the Basic Economy in a lot more markets. As I recall though, I
think that you weren't initially pleased about the percentage about the buy up,
maybe it was under 50%. Can you give us a sense of maybe how that percentage is
trending with the recent change in policy?

DONALD B. CASEY: Mike, it's Don. We're actually ahead of
what our expectations are for this launch. So when we launched this change in
the carry-on bag restriction, we knew that, that would allow us to have the
product in more markets more often. And we expected as part of that, that we
would see the sell-up rate go down, but the number of customers selling up go
up, and that, that trade was going to be positive for us. And what we observed
is that the number of customers buying up hasn't in fact -- the percentage of
customers buying up hasn't materially changed. So we expected to see that drop
from the kind of low 60s down to about 50%, but it's still sitting around 60%.
So that's actually much better than we expected.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Very good. And then my second
question, and I'm not even sure who can answer this as it relates to Venezuela.
I saw in the news out that, I guess, airlines doing business in that country
will have to transact in their crypto currency, the petro. Just curious about
whether or not that actually is going to impact you, and whether or not that is
legit or not, any color on that?

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON: Shouldn't be. I mean, we sell only in
dollars. And that those markets, although we've reduced our capacity pretty
significantly, Venezuela continue to be really very profitable for us.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. And understand that Venezuela, just to
give you an idea, right, that's 0.2% of our system revenues. So we don't have a
lot of exposure there anyway.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Savi Syth from Raymond
James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: One quick follow-up before my
question. On the regional trend, is it fair to assume domestic kind of
continues to sequentially improve, which it sounds like from your comments, but
what about the other agents from a sequential standpoint should we expect?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. This is Don. Yes. So domestic, we're
seeing some improvements. And I'll just add that if you go look at our
performance last year in the fourth quarter domestically, we were many, many
points higher than everybody else in the fourth quarter. So to get some
sequential improvement there is quite positive. We're expecting Atlantic and
Pacific actually to perform in line with what we had in the third quarter, but we're
seeing continued softness in Latin America.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Got it. That's helpful. And just if
I might ask on the operating reliability kind of, Rob, I appreciate the color
that you provided there on trying to fix it. The kind of the near term
improvements are encouraging, but it is off season. So kind of what gives you
confidence as you kind of head into next summer that this continues? And is
there kind of some network changes that need to be made to address some of the
issues?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, the confidence stems from a lot of
work that's been done over the years that is coming to fruition. So getting
FOI, our flight attendant integration, behind us I think is a big step. As we
take a look at aircraft reliability as well, I do think that there are some
things that we can do and are doing to make sure that we start the day off
right and that's really encouraging. And then as we take a look at network and
schedule, there are always opportunities to rationalize fleets to make routings
more efficient, to make better use of reserves and spares and so all that's
under consideration. But when I take a look back over the course of the year,
and yes, we're dealing with more of a shoulder season right now, but I do take
a look at what we've done in really difficult operating conditions such as
hurricanes and some really inclement weather here in DFW and am impressed by
the recovery that we've made and our ability to actually perform well in those
conditions. So I'm encouraged. I see the results. As I take a look at the
steady progression we made from '14 to all the way through '17 and then through
the first quarter or so of '18, I see us back on that kind of trend line that
will show improvement going forward.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: So and I'm guessing that to drive
some cost improvement. Is that kind of reflected in that 1% to 2% guide then?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, it should drive cost improvement. We
will give -- it is within that guide of whether we do that, but we still
haven't gone through the planning process. And we'll -- as we go through the
planning process, we'll see the adjustments that Robert's talking, whether it's
from a schedule perspective or an operations perspective and build that into
the 2019 budget.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Helane Becker from
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just like one question here. What do you
estimate your fuel recapture has been maybe year-to-date?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I don't know, do we have that
number, Derek? Let me just go ahead and we'll -- while we -- anyway, this is
not a number that we actually calculate, but I can tell you having looked at
what -- I think, what others do is just it's how much of your earnings change
versus how much of your fuel prices change, which any of us can calculate. What
you'll see is it is going to be a lower number than our 2 largest competitors
and which is another way of saying, how come your earnings have fallen more?
Our fuel prices, obviously, our fuel prices have gone up about the same amount
as a percentage of expense. So the question I -- if you're asking us why have
your earnings fallen more, I'm just trying to get to the core cause. It is
because our revenues haven't gone up as much. Our revenues are up but not as
much as those 2 airlines. A trend that we've been narrowing over time and as we
talked on last quarter's call, we started to see that widen in 2018, a trend we
don't like, a trend that we expect is going to reverse itself back in 2019. But
anyway there's separate stories for separate airlines. One of those, one of our
large competitors had not their best year last year. So they're comparing to
that of course. When you look at us versus that airline on a 2-year basis,
we're still up on unit revenues versus that carrier. But anyway, so that's just
a year-over-year comp issue. And then -- but versus Delta, that's one that
we've been narrowing nicely about -- for a couple of years in a row and has
started to widen. But as we look at that, I think it's much what -- they are
doing a better job than we can today of making sure these -- the sell-up
activity is available to their customers. It's where -- they have products that
are there where people buy and that they're available in channels that we don't
have it available in yet. So we view that as upside, because a big piece of our
$1 billion of revenue initiatives is getting to the point where others have
gotten and we just hadn't yet, but will in 2019 in having those products
available in more channels and easier to purchase. So we view it as upside. But
anyway, so Helane, when you look at it, it's -- I'm only getting as whatever
the number is, you will see it's lower. However you calculate it, ours are
going to be lower than those and the reasons driven by our revenues not
increasing at the same -- our unit cost ex fuel you saw was like less than 1%
on some pretty small growth, so that's not the issue. It's just relative
revenue performance and the relative revenue performance as I described.

HELANE R. BECKER: Right, got you. And then just to follow up
on that. As you guys, I think, Derek, you said and I know it's in the annual
report, you talked about that large number of regional jets that are coming in
next year. So as we think about your gauge for next year, how should we think
about that relative to, I guess revenue, because gauge comes down next year or
goes up?

DEREK J. KERR: I think the -- I mean, part of what's going
on next year is our reconfiguration project. So the gauge should actually go up
next year a little bit as we bring on the aircraft, as we modify the 321s and
the 73s. And from a regional perspective, the gauge should go up also. So in
both cases, I would expect gauge to be a positive next year, which as you know
is positive growth for us. So I think it could be around 1% of gauge as we take
the mainline and regional combined next year.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Kevin Crissey with Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm not sure who is best positioned to answer
this, but when you benchmark American's cost structure and efficiency metrics
against your peers, what areas present the biggest opportunities aside from
maybe the Dallas/Fort Worth that you noted?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'll start, Kevin and the team can
chime in. Versus our peers, I mean, again, our -- it stays with adjusted cost
structure, American versus our 2 largest competitors, looks all in all
reasonably close indeed, if not right on top of each other. So it's not -- so
but nonetheless, we do think we have -- primarily due to the merger, still some
costs that we can reduce, which is part of -- which is a big piece of this 300
-- part of the -- again, the merger -- the operational integration getting
completed, the $300 million we talked about it. So that's the biggest thing
that we have that they don't. There are differences between carriers. We have
higher ownership cost because we have new aircraft, they have higher fuel and
maintenance costs because they have old airplanes, things like that. But when
you add it all up, our cost per ASM minus stage-length adjusted basis for the 3
airlines all look awfully similar at this point in time.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Okay. And when we think about the
specials, they're still a significant number. And I know you've had obviously
the merger and you had the fleet restructuring, but it's a large number and
it's been a large number for quite a while. How should we think about that? And
I know you can't necessarily predict it, but it's a relatively consistently
large number. Is that something that we should think about going away over time
because you're running at kind of $0.5 billion to $1 billion a year?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, look, absolutely, you should think
about it going away over time, because it should. But I'll just note that it's
real -- they're real numbers, of course. I mean we did just do this largest
flight operations integration that Robert talked about, that took all sorts of
training for our flight attendants that would not have happened had we not done
a merger. So it's right and appropriate to pull it out as a special expense and
yes, I guess, it's nearly 5 years later, but it's -- that's when it happened.
So that number should now continue to come down, certainly the merger related.
We, like other airlines to the extent their fleet restructuring and things like
that they continue, which we anticipate. But we think it's always right, for
the benefit of our investors, to point out who does feel like onetime events
versus recurring events. So it's hard to predict what those will be over time.
But the merger-related expenses, absolutely, you'll see continue to go down and
that should go away over the next couple of years.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Brandon Oglenski from
Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, I just want to come back to your
response to Helane there on your relative underperformance this year. I guess
what are the concrete steps as you look into 2019 that you're taking to correct
the relative underperformance in revenue and margins between your bigger peers
here -- or your biggest peers?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, well -- okay, again, and we're
going to have others to chime in, the biggest things in the $1 billion of
revenue initiatives are product segmentation, which again for the most part is
Basic Economy and Premium Economy, but also having the ability to sell those in
more channels and more easily to our customers. And again that's execution
against initiatives that we have underway and that we -- and again not
reinventing any wheel here. These are just -- those are areas that other
carriers have that we just don't have yet, but we will have in to 2019. The
fleet reconfiguration, the harmonization of our fleet that continues and will
be largely in place in 2019 is a good piece of that number, which we weren't
able to do in 2018 as we didn't have the fleet reconfigured. And this
international network restructuring that we keep talking about, that where we
were flying some flights internationally at some pretty large losses like our
Chicago to China routes that we've reallocated. And then there are just all
sorts of other smaller type initiatives that add up to a reasonably large
numbers that, again, is somewhat -- some of those are just getting a little
catch-up because of what -- as we've been going through our merger and other
airlines had more time than we have that we get to, like items like denied boarding,
auction process being better automated than we have today. So a number of
initiatives that we look at, again, none of these things are taking share away
from someone else because we think our product's going to be a whole lot better
even though we do. It's all about being sure that the existing demand or the
existing demand grown naturally is producing higher unit revenue because we're
doing a better job of executing against those plans.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: And I guess is there are a lot of
urgency in the organization to drive a higher profitability, is that a top
priority for the team?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, Brandon. And again, as I said
in my comments here, like please -- look, the fact that we're confident, please
don't take as indifference. We have a huge performance-based culture around
here. We have people very fired up. We certainly don't like seeing our earnings
fall more than others, and -- but we know why it is, we know what we need to
do, we're highly competent, we have the right plans, right people and place and
that's why we're confident in saying things like we're going to -- you're going
to see the revenue outperformance that we like in 2019, you're going to see
earnings improve in 2019 because we are focused on it.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Doug, I'd just add, the confidence also
comes just knowing that this is going to happen. So when Doug talks about
Premium Economy, we know that by the end of this year, we will have our 777s
completed. We know that by the next summer, we will have our 787 fleet done. We
know that by next summer that we're on track to have 50% of our 737
reconfigurations done. Those are things that we absolutely know. We know that
the changes we've made in terms of network are now coming to fruition. While we
talk about changes that we've made to Brazil, we talk about changes that we've
made in China, those are now just being put into the schedule. And then as we
take a look forward, and again numbers that we haven't included in that, we
know that those gates are going to come online, those are on track. And so the
confidence here is rooted in really things that we're going to be executing on
and we're know they're on track.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: I appreciate that, it should be
good for the stock if that works.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thanks, Brandon. We agree.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Dan McKenzie from
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: The multi-year CapEx outlook for me is very
helpful. Doug, on the past call, you offered a multi-year road map on debt and
leverage. And I think the expectation was that leverage would begin to fall in
2019. Since then fuel -- we've had higher fuel, margins have contracted. So I'm
hoping you or Derek could once again update us on the thought process here for
leveraging each of the coming 3 years. Does it needs to go higher before it
begins to fall in 2020, in 2021?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Let me give you kind of a generic
answer and then Derek could provide any mathematical details that he cares to
provide. So look, anyway, here's the issue on the debt is as follows. I mean,
and again, Derek can give you some estimates I think on what has happened
already. We are indeed reducing somewhat, but yes, earnings matter and any
projections, of course. But to the point -- to the extent of what we just
described is accurate and we believe it is, that is earnings improvement and
CapEx declines what you should see is a natural delevering. Because again, we
didn't go add debt for any -- because we were trying to get some optimum debt
level, we went and added debt because we were adding a lot of assets and the
best way to fund those assets was through some really efficient debt. And we
thought and continue to believe that was in our shareholders' best interest. So
as those -- as you move forward and there isn't a need to continue to do
aircraft transactions, you should expect us to pay off debt as it comes due and
there's a substantial amount that comes due in the next few years. Pay it off
as it comes due. I don't think - there's nothing that we're going to go pay off
in advance. It's all incredibly efficient debt. But as it comes due, we'll pay
it off and we won't replace it. So you should expect a natural deleveraging as
we move forward with higher profitability and lower CapEx.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Okay. Don, Latin America has been very
volatile. Absent a JV in the near to medium term, how do you solve for the
shortfall versus peak revenue in the region? Are you seeing demand trends
beginning to inflect and how long is it going to take to dig out of the revenue
hole there?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. First of all, I know, we talk about
LATAM, we often think about different piece of LATAM, but LATAM is a
complicated part of business. So Caribbean, Central America kind of northern
rim markets excluding Venezuela have actually performed pretty well. The
weakness that we've seen has been in Argentina, Brazil and Mexico. As we look
forward into Brazil, we're taking capacity actions. We've reduced capacity by
10% in September, October, and we're reducing capacity by 20% going forward in
Brazil. Mexico, we've seen a very tough environment there, particularly pricing
driven by capacity increases and some concerns probably over travel warnings.
But as we look forward into the fourth quarter, we're seeing demand come back a
bit. We mentioned in the call last year, we have a number of initiatives in ERM
and sales space around kind of real off-peak load factor performance. We're
seeing some real improvements in the load factors in Mexico. As we look
forward, although the yield environment remains weak. So overall, Latin America
we're down in a revenue perspective, 1.6%. Parts of it are doing really well,
parts of that aren't doing well. And where we are not doing well, we're focused
on capacity and our load factor performance.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our question is from
Andrew Tangel from The Wall Street Journal.

ANDREW TANGEL: You indicated that American lagged United and
Delta on upselling and offering premium products to customers, the tap into the
higher potential revenue. Could you give us a better idea of why that is, what
the holdup has been? And where else in your judgment you've not been fast up to
increase revenue?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, and I'll let Don do that. And I
mean, again, if I may, it's not that we haven't been fast enough. I mean the
reality is this, we've been in the middle of an integration. We have all sort
of needs. So I don't want to make it sound like anyone here hasn't been
proactively working to get all sorts of things done. And we do find ourselves
today in a position where we are working on some initiatives that aren't yet
completed that will allow us to do better than we are today. But go ahead, Don,
on how -- where we are versus others.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, I mean we've actually done a pretty
good job of growing our ancillary revenue streams. In the third quarter,
ancillary revenues are up 18%. We relaunched our Main Cabin Extra product in
June. And since we've done that, we have seen revenues from Main Cabin Extra
grow at 24%, but we see that we actually have more opportunity beyond that. And
the big opportunity for us is we don't really -- we haven't yet built out our
infrastructure to be able to push offers out to customers effectively between
time of booking and time of check-in. I think that's a big window where we can
put ancillary offers in front of our customers to increase our ancillary
revenue stream even more than we've been able to go do it and that's really an
IT infrastructure question, that we have a project underway and we expect to be
able to be more effective in doing that in 2019.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, and correct me if I'm wrong,
Don. But particularly bookings that are made outside of aa.com...

DONALD B. CASEY: In the third party channels as well.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: In the third party channels, Andrew,
others have more ability to push out offers to their customers, there are many
third party channels than we do today, but we'll get that corrected.

ANDREW TANGEL: And one follow-up. This year United has
embarked on a growth plan to beef up regional flying with their mid-continent
hubs. How much market share have you lost to United as part of that? And how
much of a threat has that growth plan proven to American so far this year?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Well, again, first off, I don't
know that I can like particularly say versus that. We certainly haven't seen
any discernible market share shift. Probably the best way to answer that, which
I'll let Don do is, however -- is to the extent we're seeing it versus anything
anybody else would see would be in Chicago and just talk about how -- what
we're seeing in Chicago on a year-over-over basis.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, so the biggest overlap we have in
Chicago, but we flew our largest scheduled from its departure at Chicago we
have ever flown this summer. And as we look at our performance in Chicago, it
was our highest year-over-year unit revenue producing hub. On the corporate side,
our corporate revenue in Chicago is up 15%. Our share gap, the way we measure
our corporate market share relative to our capacity is actually up by 0.5
point. So that's also positive. We haven't lost a single corporate account in
Chicago. So we feel pretty good about the way customers are stuck with us this
year.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Conor Shine from Dallas
Morning News.

CONOR SHINE: I was just hoping to get a little bit of any
color you guys can provide in terms of what you guys are employee
restructuring. You guys announced earlier this summer, mostly targeted upper
management. Has that been completed? Has any sense of scale in terms of number
of positions impacted or a dollar figure that you guys could shed on that?

ELISE R. EBERWEIN, EVP OF PEOPLE & COMMUNICATIONS,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Conor, it's Elise. We're really pleased with how
it went this past summer. Out of about 550 director and above employees, we had
an uptake of about 100, which was higher than our expectation and we're happy
for those people who were elected to move on, but even happier with the people
who renewed their vows and elected to stay. We're in the process of working
through the rest of the levels now and we're seeing good results there too. So
stay tuned for more.

CONOR SHINE: When you say levels, have you gotten below the
director level at this point then?

ELISE R. EBERWEIN: Yes, we're still working through that.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from David Koenig from The
Associated Press.

DAVID KOENIG: Most of my questions were asked and answered,
but I did want to know, I think maybe Derek was looking for a figure when Doug
was answering Helane Becker's question. Was there, first of all, ever a figure
on how much fuel cost increase you are recapturing with fares and fees?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. No, we don't have that number,
I guess. But anyway, you can get it from analysts. But, Derek, go ahead, Derek.

DEREK J. KERR: It's 40%.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: 40%, thanks.

DEREK J. KERR: Calculated the same way that Delta and United
have calculated it.

DAVID KOENIG: 40%, okay. And on the 1.5% to 3.5% TRASM guide
for 4Q, how much would that be if you took out cargo and credit card and stuff
like that? How much would the PRASM part of it be?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, we don't -- we actually don't look at it
that way. I mean these things are really interrelated, so we focus on our TRASM
number.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Leslie Josephs from
CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: I had a question just about labor in general.
If you could just give us an update on what's going on with the mechanics. You
have pilot negotiations, I think coming up soon. Also there's been a bunch of
protests with some of the regional employees too and you gave the pay raise, I
think it's like 1.5 years ago that you first announced it. Is it possible to
give further pay increases to your employees going forward?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, I'll do an overview, and
Leslie, you can fill in any blanks if there are any. So as it relates - thank
you, Leslie. So on our fleet services and mechanics, the IAM-TWU (sic)
[TWU-IAM] partnership association, I should say, negotiations, we -- as soon as
those contracts become amendable, the company asked that we go to the National
Mediation Board for assistance. We just haven't been able to despite everyone's
best efforts to get that contract closed up and we think it makes sense for the
National Mediation Board to bring us there, to get us there. So that's done,
that we think is a very positive development. So it's now in the hands of the
National Mediation Board to actually oversee those negotiations and that'll
begin shortly. So hopefully, that will bring us to the conclusion that we
weren't able to get it done with the parties themselves. Yes, we do have at the
end of 2019, our flight attendant and pilot contracts become amendable. So
we'll open those negotiations some time in 2019. And -- but those are 5-year
contracts, that were signed 5 years ago. So that's where it stands. All in all
though what I'd tell you is the team is doing a great job. The leadership team
has done a really nice job of taking care of our team, and is making a huge
difference in our -- in the way that our team is out taking care of our
customers and we're really happy with the way all of that is -- and we hope to
get these negotiations all completed as they come due. Anything to add, Steve?

LESLIE JOSEPHS: And is it possible to get -- some of the
workers will get an increase in pay? I know that there's some - I mean, outside
the mechanics and...

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'm sorry, yes, you're asking about
the regional carriers. Where are we, Steve, on the - on our wholly owned
subsidiaries?

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Yes.

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON: Sure. We have several negotiations going
on with our wholly-owned subsidiaries, that the 2 leading ones are the
negotiations with our ground employees at Envoy and Piedmont. One of those has
been agreed with the union and is out for ratification now. The second of
those, I would expect to be concluded as soon as the first ratifies. And
there's pretty big pay increases built into those -- the tentative agreement
for the first and what we have on the table for the second.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from John Biers from AFP.

JOHN BIERS: On the -- you guys -- this has come up in the
other calls as well, but the strength of corporate traveling has been a
positive for the airline industry of late. Do you think the growth in that area
is sustainable? Are we peaking? Has it peaked? What's your sense there? And are
you seeing any kind of breakout? Is it stronger corporate travel? Is it
stronger within the U.S., domestically? Or does it -- is it also very strong
overseas?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay, this is Don Casey. Yes, corporate
travel has been very strong this year. It's been broad-based. It's been across
really kind of all of the industrial areas that we focus on. The early
indicators for next year, based on surveys that kind of other bodies do is that
the expectation is that corporate traffic will remain strong into next year and
will likely grow.

DEREK J. KERR: And, Don, I'd just add too, as we take a look
going forward, I know that we see opportunities in continuing to engage with
small- and medium-sized businesses. We have an AirPass program that really
appeals to really a very small accounts and we see great traction there. So
there's continued opportunity for us to expand how we connect with businesses,
especially smaller businesses.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Mary Schlangenstein from
Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: I just needed to clarify 2 things,
please. On the fuel cost recapture, was the time frame on that third quarter or
year-to-date, the 40%?

DEREK J. KERR: That's year-to-date. 40% year-to-date.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: And Elise, on the buyout or whatever
you all are calling them, do you expect those to go below management levels?
Will we see any like front line employees or at that level affected?

ELISE R. EBERWEIN: No, Mary. This is an exercise to go
through sort of post integration and look at our management headcount and make
a reduction of roughly 5%, Derek.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. And Mary, that -- sorry about that.
That's just third quarter, the 40% is just the third quarter recapture, not
full year. Not year-to-date, just third quarter.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Tracy Rucinski from
Reuters. And our next question is from Ted Reed from Forbes.

TED REED: My question is for Robert. I know you're working
hard now to improve operations, but your operation seems to be in leadership
about a couple of years ago, and they since seem to have deteriorated. Why have
your operations been deteriorating past couple of years? Is it just weather? Or
is it something more?

ROBERT D. ISOM: No, Ted. Well, first off, I'd just go back
and we've been at - merging the airline, integrating a lot of different areas
over the past number of years. But as I said in my comments, in terms of our
core operating reliability, but for the really major events, we've been pleased
with modest continued improvement in those things that are really important to
our customers and drive customer satisfaction and likelihood to recommend
scores. And again as we took a look into this year, we've been making steady
progress and then springtime, summer, we fell off. We think there's some
reasons behind it, a lot of additional work, some other onetime issues. But at
the end of the day, we need to do a better job of making sure that we're
prepared for peak season, that we have aircraft available first thing in the
morning and that we do a good job of turning them throughout the day. Those our
basics, we're good at that. I know that as we progress through the summer and
really have everybody take a look at what went on, that we'll get back to the
track that we were on. And so I look at this as more of a blip and something
that as I look in to 2019, will be certainly more of a strength and an
opportunity for efficiency and improvement to the P&L. So upside for us.

TED REED: All right. I just don't have a clear sense of why
it fell off?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, so I'd point to few things. Certainly,
inclement weather is something that is always an issue, but that's not the
focus area. We had -- at the start of the summer, we had some -- a lot of extra
work inspecting 600-and-some-odd CFM56-7 engines, fan blades that hadn't been
expected. We had an inordinate number of engine changes with some of the newer
aircraft deliveries that we're working with the aircraft manufacturers on
making sure that we get a fix for that in the long run. And then I'd say that
on our -- some of the fleets that we're retiring, our Super 80 fleet, that was
something that it took a little bit more work than we had anticipated. But you
put all that together and no excuses, that's something that we can plan for and
do better and we have. And we are, we have and we'll make sure that we cover as
we get into peak season is coming up.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Robert Silk from Travel
Weekly.

ROBERT SILK: So you all mentioned that commission payouts
sort of flatten this year, but there were big jumps last year, like more than
30% and you're still up about 8%, I think, this year, or through the first half
of this year on commission payments. What in general -- and you're not alone in
doing that, what in general has driven, just higher commission payouts across
the industry?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: This Doug and as Don said, it's
competitive. So anyway, it's a competitive business and there are really 3 of
us that compete mostly on this. And if someone decides they want to really go
after the business and do it through higher commissions, we need to be
competitive. So that's what's been happening. As we've seen other carriers in
an effort to win back some business they've lost, lower commissions and we need
to compete for that. I expect as you see things normalize that will change.

ROBERT SILK: Has there been any sort of -- is there any
greater sort of -- have you all concentrated more on segmentation and on
driving profits in the front of the plane? Has there been any sort of
recognition that it's been more -- has that driven the desire to reward
agencies more that deal with these high-end customers?

DEREK J. KERR: No. I mean clearly, all of the -- we're all
focused on high value customers, right, customers that are going to pay higher
fares on average. And a lot of our activity in our sales organization is really
B2B activity focused on corporate customers and agencies that drive a lot of
that business. And that revenue's growing as I said at a very, very strong pace
right now.

OPERATOR: At this time, I'm showing no further questions.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Excellent. All right. Thanks,
everybody, for your interest and we appreciate it. Bye.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your
participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now
disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102518a12089071.771










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PENSION FUNDS (90%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%);
MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (77%); CONFERENCES &
CONVENTIONS (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (92%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO
LLP (70%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO
INC (68%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (67%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); COWN
(NASDAQ) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE)
(82%); DB (NYSE) (82%); JPM (NYSE) (82%); JPM (LSE) (82%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (83%); NAICS523120
SECURITIES BROKERAGE (83%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (83%); SIC6289
SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (83%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (82%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (82%);
SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (82%); SIC6081
BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (82%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (82%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
(82%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (82%); SIC6022 STATE
COMMERCIAL BANKS (82%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS
(70%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (70%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (70%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); PENSION FUNDS (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE
(78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%); CREDIT
CARDS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 November 2, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
26, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 12406 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - MD of IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP & CFO

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Maya Leibman

. - Executive VP & Chief
Information Officer

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Stephen L. Johnson

American Airlines Group Inc. - EVP of Corporate Affairs

* William Douglas Parker

American Airlines Group Inc. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Susan Marie Donofrio

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

* Andrew Tangel

* David Koenig

* Edward Russell

* Leslie Josephs

* Mary Schlangenstein

* Patti Waldmeir

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being
recorded. (Operator Instructions).

And now I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Don -- Dan Cravens.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MD OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Shanon, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American
Airlines Group Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the
call today is Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and
Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for the Q&A
session are several of our senior execs, including Maya Leibman, our Chief
Information Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don
Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue Management.

We're going to start the call this morning with Doug, and he
will provide an overview of our financial results. Derek will then walk us
through the details on the second quarter and provide some additional
information on guidance for the remainder of the year. Robert will then follow
with commentary on our operational performance and revenue environment. And
then after we hear from those comments, we'll open the call to analysts
questions, and lastly, questions from the media. (Operator Instructions).

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans
and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as
to future events, but there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of
these risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued
this morning and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2018.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings press release, and that can be found on our website
at aa.com.

The webcast of this will also be archived on our website.
The information that we're giving you on today's call is as of today's date,
and we undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks, again, for joining us. At this point, I'll turn
the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thank you, Dan. Good morning, and thanks for joining us,
everyone. This has been a challenging quarter for American Airlines. In fact,
it's probably the most challenging quarter we've faced since our merger in
2013.

First and foremost, the computer outage at PSA in June was
extremely disruptive to our team and our customers. Our team members did heroic
things to address that issue and take care of our customers, but we regret the
inconvenience that we caused for so many. In addition, higher fuel prices have
materially reduced our earnings. Increase in fuel price alone drove our second
quarter 2018 expenses up by over $700 million, which led to a $593 million
decline in year-over-year pretax earnings, excluding special items. And our
past year revenues, while still growing, trailed the growth rates of our 2
largest competitors.

This occurred for the first time since 2016 in the first
quarter of this year, but it widened in the second quarter, and if everybody's
forecasts are accurate, it's projected to widen in the third quarter as well.

Now a lot of that shift is explained by entity mix,
specifically relative weakness in Latin America and by more difficult
comparisons versus last year. But some of it is underperformance in the United
States, which is cause for concern for us. As a result of these trends, we
lowered our 2018 EPS estimate to between $4.50 and $5 per share versus $5.27 in
2017.

The decline in earnings has some of the investment community
questioning our ability to again achieve our target annual pretax earnings of
$5 billion within the foreseeable future. A question we generally get is,
"Look, 2018 is a pretty good year economically, yet we have yearly
normally approximately $3 billion pretax in 2018. So do you still believe
American is an airline than can produce profits averaging $5 billion per
year?" The answer to that question every time is, "Of course, we
do." Our projected 2018 fuel expense would be over $2 billion lower if
prices simply stayed at 2017 levels, and we earned a little over $4 billion
pretax in 2017.

Had fuel price has not run up so far so quickly, we firmly
believe that 2018 would have been a year where we again produce $5 billion in
pretax earnings. The solitary fact that fuel costs have risen and the impact of
that increase has not been offset immediately, doesn't alter our view about the
steady-state earnings potential of American Airlines. But fuel prices have, in
fact, risen and importantly, they've held at these elevated levels for several
months now. To the extent any of us are viewing this quick run-up as a spike that
would quickly correct itself, we should abandon that notion.

We, at American, are assuming that $75 a barrel Brent crude
or higher is our new reality, and we intend to adapt our airline to one that
can make $5 billion per year at these fuel prices. The fact is, there are many
activities in excess of $45 a barrel of oil, which no longer make sense at $75
per barrel. We're taking aggressive actions in the immediate term, including
lower our 2018 capacity growth, reducing our nonfuel expenses and deferring future
aircraft deliveries and CapEx. We're also adjusting our Basic Economy product
offering to become more competitive. Robert and Derek will describe those
actions in more detail shortly.

We also feel very good about our plans, moving in to 2019.
We anticipate American will continue to grow at a rate lower than any other
U.S. airline, despite the fact we have, what we believe, are the industry's
best growth prospects. In 2019, American will acquire 15 more gates in
Dallas/Fort Worth and 7 more gates in Charlotte, North Carolina, which are our
2 most profitable hubs. And of course, we still have the upside of the
strategic initiatives we discussed at our Investor and Media Day last
September. As a result of these actions, we are confident American will return
to both revenue outperformance and earnings growth in 2019 and beyond.

And most importantly, we are excited about the long-term
future of American Airline we're building. We remain absolutely committed to
our efforts to build a better and more competitive American and increasing
shareholder value over the longer term. We're creating a world-class customer
experience by continuing our extensive investment and improving our products
with the youngest fleet among the largest U.S. carriers, industry-leading high-speed
satellite Wi-Fi, best-in-class Admirals Club and Flagship Lounges, investments
in our airports, including our upcoming expansion at DFW and Charlotte and the
reimagining of our terminal space at LAX and O'Hare. We are expanding our
network intelligently, while also pursuing regulatory approvals for our joint
business agreements with our partners at Qantas, LATAM and Aer Lingus.

We're making our culture a competitive advantage by
dramatically sharpening our focus on leadership, communication, training,
inclusion and diversity and creating an environment that cares for our
front-line team members. And we're working to ensure the long-term financial
strength of American by smartly maximizing our network, optimizing our fleet
and improving our revenue performance by harmonizing our fleet configurations
and through further cabin segmentation. And we continue to maximize the value
of the world's leading branded credit card, the AAdvantage MasterCard, through
innovation, such as our new no-fee AAdvantage card, which just launched 2 weeks
ago. As a result, we may on track -- we remain on track to deliver on strategic
initiatives, driving $2.9 billion of revenue expansion and $1 billion of cost
improvements that we committed to at our investment -- at our Investor Day
presentation in September. And because of all that and primarily because of the
amazing team we have at American, we are very bullish on the future American
Airlines.

That said, I'll turn it over to Derek, who will be followed
by Robert and then Q&A. Derek?

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to
thank our team members who are doing a great job taking care of our customers
during this busy summer period. Their hard work and positive attitude continues
to be fundamentally important to our success.

We filed our second quarter earnings press release and 10-Q
this morning. The significant increase in fuel price led to lower
year-over-year earnings. Excluding net special items, we reported a net profit
of $757 million in 2018 versus our 2017 net profit of $1 billion. Our diluted
earnings per share, excluding net special items in the second quarter of 2018,
was $1.63 per share, beating consensus of $1.59 per share. Excluding net
special items, our second quarter pretax profit was $1 billion with a pretax
margin of 8.6%.

Our total operating revenues, which were up 3.7% to $11.6
billion, were a record for any quarter at American Airlines' history. This was
also the seventh consecutive quarter in which we achieved positive unit revenue
growth, with total revenue per ASM up 2.1%. Passenger revenues were up 3.1% to
$10.7 billion, driven in part by a 1% improvement in yields.

Our cargo team continues to produce great results. In the
second quarter, a 9.6% increase in volumes and a 8.9% increase in yields drove
a 19.4% increase in cargo revenues to $261 million. For the full year, we are
forecasting revenue growth in the cargo business of 13%, and anticipate that
cargo revenues will break the $1 billion mark for the first time in the
company's history.

Meanwhile, other revenues were up 8.1%, driven primarily by
continued improvement in our loyalty program.

Total operating expenses were $10.6 billion, up 10.3%. The
primary driver of this increase was consolidated fuel expense, which was $729
million or 40% higher year-over-year. As a result, consolidated costs per ASM
was up 8.5% year-over-year.

We continue to focus on our nonfuel cost performance during
the quarter. Our consolidated CASM, excluding fuel and special items, was up
2.4% year-over-year, more than 1 point lower than the midpoint of the guidance
we gave at the beginning of the quarter, driven by improved team member
productivity, lower maintenance cost and higher-than-anticipated airport rent
settlement credits.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with
approximately $7.2 billion in total available liquidity. During the quarter, we
completed a number of transactions, including paying off a $500 million
unsecured note and repricing an extension of the $1.8 billion South American
credit facility. The company also returned $396 million to shareholders in the
form of a dividend payment of $46 million and by repurchasing 8.2 million
shares at a cost of $350 million. In addition, the company made $158 million
contribution to its defined benefit pension plans.

As we have discussed previously on calls, now that our fleet
renewal program is winding down, we have begun to reduce our debt levels. Since
the beginning of the year, our adjusted total debt, which includes our pension
obligations, has decreased by $1.3 billion, and we anticipate that it will
continue to decline from this level each year.

We filed our investor update this morning, which includes
our guidance for the remainder of the year. In that guidance, we updated our
capacity plans and reduced our 2018 full year forecast by 50 basis points. This
reduction is driven by a 60 basis point reduction in the third quarter, with
the fourth quarter 100 basis points lower than previous guidance. These changes
are the result of our ongoing analysis of the impact of higher fuel on the
profitability of our network, which has led to the elimination of
underperforming flying in the second half of the year.

While we are still in the process of building our 2019 level
of operations, we expect our capacity growth to be the lowest of any major
carrier and to be at or below GDP. This growth will be driven by gauge
increases and a onetime opportunity to increase flying from our 2 most
profitable hubs with the additional gates in Dallas and Charlotte starting to
come online next year.

We continue to examine our fleet plans with a view to better
align our delivery stream with the needs of the airline and our expectations
for growth of our network. During the quarter, we reached an agreement to defer
-- with Airbus to defer a delivery of 22 A321neos that were scheduled to arrive
between 2019 and 2021. This change will reduce our overall aircraft CapEx by
$1.2 billion over the next 3 years. We will now begin to take delivery of these
aircraft in 2024.

We also announced a large regional jet order for 30 air --
30 new aircraft to replace smaller regional jets. 29 of these will be delivered
in 2019 with the last scheduled to be received in early 2020. As a result of
these changes, we are revising our aircraft CapEx guidance. For 2018, we
continue to expect aircraft CapEx of $1.9 billion, and we now expect our new
aircraft CapEx for 2019 to be $2.9 billion. That's up slightly due to large
regional jet order offset by the A321 deferrals. 2020 aircraft CapEx will be
reduced to $500 million to $1.2 billion, and 2021 will be reduced by $400
million to $1 billion.

As we look at our year-to-date results, we are happy with
our progress on the revenue and cost initiatives we outlined at our Investor
Day last fall. However, given the higher fuel prices, we have to do more to get
back on the path to grow margins. We have been driving forward on our One
Airline initiative, a company-wide project to realize the benefits of the
merger and create a more lean and efficient company. We have identified
opportunities in a number of diverse areas to drive costs down throughout the
business, including the in-sourcing of regional affiliate flying to our lower-cost
wholly owned regional partners, conducting health plan audits with a focus on
lowering pharmaceutical expenses, reducing nonfront-line management expense as
we structure our organization for the future and lower staffing requirements
associated with the changes to our Basic Economy product. This project
continues to identify new opportunities, and we now expect $300 million of cost
savings in 2018 and more than $1 billion over the next 4 years. Through the
success of our One Airline Project and the efficiencies we have been able to
achieve during the year, we lowered our full year CASM guidance this morning
even after the reduction in capacity I outlined earlier.

We now anticipate that our unit cost growth rate, excluding
fuel and special items, will be approximately 1.5% for 2018. It will be
approximately 1% in the third quarter and approximately flat in the fourth
quarter. With the majority of our integration work complete, it is imperative
that we continue this momentum to drive costs lower in our business.

Fuel continues to be higher on a year-over-year basis. Based
on the forward curve as of July 18, we are forecasting a 30.4% increase in
consolidated fuel expense in 2018 on an increase -- which will be an increase
of $2.3 billion. For the full year, we now anticipate our fuel price to be
between $2.18 to $2.23 per gallon.

We also guided to a third quarter 2018 TRASM increase of 1%
to 3%, and Robert will provide more detail on that and what we're seeing in the
revenue environment.

Taking in this revenue and cost guidance together, we expect
our third quarter of 2018 pretax margin, excluding net special items, to be
between 5% and 7%, and our 2018 earnings per diluted share guide to be between
$4.50 and $5 a share.

In conclusion, I would like to, once again, thank our entire
team for doing their hard work. Our emphasis on managing costs in this business
will continue with a focus on getting back to growing margins, which we believe
will happen in 2019.

With that, I will turn the call over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I
begin my remarks, I, too, would like to thank our team for their efforts in the
quarter. They worked through some challenging weather conditions, which, at
times, were really tough on the operations. And in addition, we experienced a
technology outage at one of our 3 wholly owned regional carriers, PSA. The
impact, unfortunately, resulted in the cancellation of approximately 3,000
flights the following week.

During the week, our team worked all hours of day and night
to rebook, refund, reprotect our customers, and they also worked tirelessly to
recover crew member schedules and return the operation to normalcy. We can't
thank our team enough for managing through the start of the summer in this
event, and we sincerely apologize to our customers for inconveniencing them,
especially during the summer travel season. Going forward, we are for the
hardening our systems and ensuring that our team is equipped to recover more
quickly no matter what comes our way.

As both Doug and Derek mentioned in their remarks,
persistently high fuel prices negatively impacted our second quarter results.
We continue to be extremely confident in our long-term prospects and are
committed to taking actions necessary to improve our short-term financial
performance. Although we have delivered positive unit revenue growth for the
last 7 quarters and 8 quarters in a row of outperformance versus the industry, the
reality is that we must do more to offset higher fuel prices and grow earnings.

We are taking decisive action. As Derek mentioned in his
remarks, we have moderated our future capacity plans, deferred aircraft
deliveries, made further reductions to our planned capital expenditures and
lowered our cost outlook. These are necessary and beneficial steps to take in
light of the current fuel price environment.

During the second quarter, we continue to make progress on
the $2.9 billion of revenue and $1 billion of cost initiatives that we outlined
at our Media and Investor Day last fall. As a reminder, as part of that plan,
we said that we would take advantage of the power of our hubs and gateways,
strengthen our domestic network and grow where we have a competitive advantage.
We are pleased with our progress on these network initiatives. We continue to
play to our strengths, which means growing at our hubs. Any new flight we add
to these hubs grows connecting revenue opportunities exponentially. During the
second quarter, we launched 43 new nonstop routes in 7 new stations. We added
new markets like, Missoula, Montana out of our hubs in DFW and Chicago O'Hare,
as well as Panama City Beach, Florida from our hubs in Charlotte and DFW. In
addition to creating new flight options for our customers, this growth brings
high-margin, high-quality revenue onto our network.

It also creates more connecting opportunities for our
customers, facilitating new international destinations like the addition of new
seasonal service from DFW to Reykjavik, Philadelphia to Prague and Budapest and
between Chicago and Venice. The early results from these recent changes are
encouraging, as all of our domestic network adds at -- to DFW have produced
margins that are in excess of our system average. We grew ASMs at DFW by 4%
during the second quarter, and RASM grew even more at 4.4%.

As we look forward into 2019, we will continue to grow from
our most profitable hubs, with the primary focus on high-quality growth from
the 15 new gates at Dallas/Fort Worth and the 7 new gates at our Charlotte hub,
as well as the 5 new gates at Chicago O'Hare that opened earlier this year. We
have set -- we expect that some of that additional growth will be funded by
moving less profitable flying from other parts of our network.

Our co-brand portfolio continues to see very strong
acquisition growth year-over-year, with lower-than-expected attrition and
continued growth and in card spend. We're excited about the enhanced benefits
we recently announced for our Citi/AAdvantage Platinum Select card in May, and
the introduction of a new no-fee, co-brand card for -- to our portfolio this
month, the AAdvantage MileUp card. We expect that these additions to our
portfolio to build on our already strong acquisition retention and card spend
performance and ensure an AAdvantage co-brand card is the primary card for even
more of our customers.

The corporate demand environment remains strong, as our
sales initiatives continue to drive results. We ended June with another
positive quarter with corporate revenue growth of 10% and continued improvement
in our share gap. Forward performance remains positive. In addition, the sales
team has built a healthy corporate pipeline, signing new agreements with key
accounts, and our small to medium-size corporate account acquisitions are at an
all-time high.

We continue to see impressive results from our highly
differentiated Premium Economy product, which is now installed on 87 wide-body
aircraft. Premium Economy is now being sold on 67 routes at an average fare
that continues to be double the coach cabin fare. We currently estimate that
the Premium Economy retrofit program will be complete by the summer of 2019.
And at that time, we will have 124 aircraft with Premium Economy.

While we have been happy with the rollout of our Basic
Economy product over the last year, we announced today that beginning September
5, American will remove the carry-on bag restriction that is currently part of
our domestic and short-haul international Basic Economy fare rules.

Basic Economy is working well in the markets where we offer
it, and we continue to see more than 60% of our customers buy up to Main Cabin
when offered a choice. But the carry-on bag restriction left us uncompetitive
from a product attribute perspective in some markets, and total incremental
revenue from Basic Economy has fallen short of our original expectations.
Removing the bag restriction will make this product more competitive, allowing
us to offer this low-fare product to more customers.

Network-wide Basic Economy remains central to our plans and
during the second quarter, we expanded it across the entire Atlantic network.
Results in this region have been very encouraging, with strong conversion rates
to our Main Cabin product in excess of 60%. And even more importantly, we are
offering the product choice to over 80% of our coach customers.

Turning to revenue. Our second quarter revenue was up 3.7%
year-over-year and was an all-time record for any quarter at $11.6 billion.
Second quarter cargo revenue improved 19.4% year-over-year on both strong
volume and yields, continuing the positive trend we've seen since the second
half of 2016. Our other revenue was up 8.1%, driven by increased revenues in
our loyalty program due to strong co-brand credit card acquisitions and
cardholder spend driving higher mileage sales.

Overall, TRASM improved 2.1% year-over-year. This marks the
seventh consecutive quarter with positive unit revenue growth. International
was particularly strong, but every entity had positive unit revenue growth for
the third consecutive quarter.

Domestic unit revenue was up 0.3%, driven by a 1 point
increase in load factor. This is the seventh consecutive quarter of positive
unit revenue growth for the domestic entity, although we did see some drag due
to the Basic Economy competitiveness issues during the quarter.

Atlantic unit revenue was up 6.2%, driven by strong yield
performance due to premium cabin demand, Premium Economy and the introduction
of Basic Economy during the quarter.

Our Latin America performance was also strong, with PRASM up
4.6%, with strength across the board with the exception of Mexico pleasure
markets.

Pacific PRASM was up 3.6% year-over-year on the basis of
improved premium cabin performance. Japan and Korea were our strongest markets
year-over-year.

Looking forward, we see core airline revenue performance
improving as demand for our product remains strong. However, we do have some
unique headwinds that will affect American quarter-to-quarter. In particular,
we see -- we expect the softening in Brazil and Argentina to negatively impact
third quarter unit revenue by approximately 0.5 point. In spite of a less than
favorable -- less favorable entity mix, we still expect our year-over-year
TRASM to be up 1% to 3% in the third quarter, with Atlantic and domestic
improving and Pacific similar to the second quarter.

This will be our eighth consecutive quarter of positive unit
revenue growth. And we remain bullish about the future because of the actions
that we will take to improve profitability. To address underperforming entities
and drive overall yields, we are reducing our planned capacity growth with
reductions in China, Brazil and across our network. We are also deferring
aircraft, reducing our planned capital expenditures and lowering our cost
outlook.

We will be completing the integration of our flight
attendant workforce later this year, which will enable us -- which will enable
to unrestricted deployment of our fleet across the network. In addition, we
still have the majority of our revenue initiatives that will come online
through 2021 and more than $1 billion in cost-saving initiatives over that same
period. And this does not include the benefit from being able to redeploy
aircraft and to expand to our -- 2 of our largest and most profitable hubs in
2019 and beyond.

As we finish up the summer travel period, we continue to be
encouraged by the economic environment and strength we see in passenger demand.
While we remain focused on the long term, we will continue to make investments
that grow revenue, drive efficiencies and expect to be on the path to margin
expansion in 2019.

With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator and to begin our question-and-answer session. Thank you.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, can you just talk about the balance
sheet in this environment? I mean, I know, cyclically, the economy is doing
well here. But obviously, you guys have the most leverage of all your peers.
And I think that's added to some pressure for the equity holders, so can you
talk about the way you view the balance sheet going forward?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. We -- it's good for our equity
holders, our capital structure strategy. But look, as it relates to the debt, I
mean, the first thing we always should note is, we have much higher asset
values. Given our much younger fleet than our larger competitors, we -- our --
just, kind of, desktop appraisals of our aircraft are around $30 billion. I
think those other guys are around $15 billion. So there's a huge asset value.
That doesn't explain it at all. There's -- our debt levels are more than just
that asset value. But please don't ignore that piece. But look, what we
believe, and the other point we're making by the way is that we hold very large
amounts of cash, because as protection for what it's -- the -- what seems like
the reason people would suggest we should be less levered, that is, in the risk
of something -- for risk protection. So we choose to -- instead of having more
equity, which is a lot more expensive than debt, we choose to have more debt
than others. We think it's incredibly -- we think it's exactly -- it's a very
prudent level, we're not concerned about the levels, particularly given the
asset values, and we protect ourselves by holding a lot more cash than
companies our size generally do. And we think that's the right capital
structure for our investors. It absolutely -- and that's what leverage does is,
when earnings decline, it has a bigger effect on those that are more levered.
When earnings increase, it has a -- we get more of the bump. That's not why we do
it. It's just -- but that certainly is one of the effects. But what we're
really trying to do is make sure that our total capital structure is right for
American Airlines and for our investors, and we don't think delevering and
therefore, getting even more equity, which is much more expensive than the
debt, makes sense for our investors.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay, appreciate that insight. And
then Robert, on your domestic PRASM, when we look across the initiative, it
does appear that some of your bigger competitors might be seeing some
acceleration in revenue. So we're just wondering, what is the difference
between American's network and maybe what some of your peers are seeing in the
market. And I think you talked about some of the longer-term actions you're
making to correct that, but what are some levers you can pull even near term to
help revenue accelerate?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Okay, this is Don. In the near term, we think the changes that
we're making in Basic Economy are going to help us. It's going to make the
product more competitive. It's going to allow us to offer the product to more
customers. And we think that's going to help our yield performance. In addition
to that, some of the scheduled changes that we're making, taking capacity out,
are going to help us in the domestic market as well. We still see strong
corporate strength. Again, our corporate revenue was up 10%, and that continues
to be strong. As we went through the quarter, we saw improving yields in
closing [bill]. And we expect, as we look forward into the third quarter, that
the domestic market is going to be better for us in the third quarter than in
the second.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from David Vernon with
Bernstein.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, you talked about -- a lot about
emphasizing to our cost controlling, positioning the airline for a higher fuel
price environment. As you think about the time it's going to take to get back
to targeted earnings levels, how quick of a ramp should we be expecting in
terms of your ability to, kind of, get those repositioning and reacceleration
on the cost side to get the earnings levels right?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thanks, David. Hard question to
answer. And -- so I'm going to pond for the most part. In terms of trying to
give you when exactly we think we'll be back there. What we are happy to say
is, 2019 certainly feels, as we look forward, like, it'll be a better year than
2018, and that's nice progression back to the targets. But I don't know for
certain when we'll get there.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Is it fair to say that the inflection of
pretax margins implied in the 4Q guidance is a good, sort of, signal that we're
coming at least to a turn on the pretax margin side?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. But again, I don't know that
we're going to be able to tell you what quarter even we think we're going to
make the flip this way. But again, as we look at this just year-by-year, 2019
certainly feels a lot better than '18. And that's where we are at this point.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: All right. And then -- and maybe just a
quick follow-up question on the change in the Basic Economy and adding the back
fee there. Is that an attempt to maybe, kind of, charge more for the Basic
Economy product or just to fill more basic seats? I'm just trying to make sure
I understand what the intent of that change is from a marketing standpoint?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Dave, we get to a point where
our -- where we were competitive. We launched this product about a year ago. As
Robert said, we've been very happy with the results. But while that's true,
there are -- we -- for prices for the customers who are the buyers of this,
there's another airline -- bigger airline out there who doesn't charge for the
carry-on. And there are now filters on things like your Google Search that ask
you if indeed you want to bring a carry-on or not. And if you say yes, all of a
sudden, the American flights don't show up nearly as high as they did before
because it adds $20 to our fare. Nothing wrong with that. That's accurate. But
when you're -- when you get yourself in a position in this business where
you're -- where price-sensitive customers buying themselves with lower fares on
truly competitive airlines like that, we have to take that into consideration.
And that's what it is. We put this product out with a different -- slightly
different model than was -- than others have done in the past, and we've gotten
to the point where we think the right thing to do is to get in line with the
competition.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: First one, it's
kind of a follow-up to the first question this morning. But you cite the
trailing growth of revenue relative to the competition. You talk about entity
mix but also concede that some of it is domestic. So my question is, how much of
the domestic weakness do you attribute to self-inflicted woes, and how much is
reflective of United and Delta taking share from you? Because it is getting to
feel mostly like the latter. And if that's accurate, it's not clear to me that
you're doing enough to stem the bleeding.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. I'm not sure how you come to
the conclusion that you can tell us as to why it feels like share shift because
it's not what we see. Again -- so and -- again, I'm not sure I'd -- look, what
we believe is what we said. More difficult comps year-over-year without a
doubt. On a 2-year-basis, we're still up more than both those airlines. And --
but look -- but -- you're right, we acknowledge we think we can do better. And
we think the steps we're taking primarily as it relates to the Basic Economy
product are the difference. But yes, there's nothing where -- as Robert said,
our corporate revenues are up 10%. We don't see share movement anywhere. I will
tell you, I asked the team to go look at the fact that United has announced how
much they're growing in and out of Chicago, and clearly, us being a Chicago hub
carrier, I mean, it has to have some impact, because it doesn't mean we become
unprofitable. It just means that if you add capacity, if you add ASMs at a rate
greater than demand in a route where they weren't before, you should see it
would have some impact on it. But the interesting result of that work was to
show that the bulk of that flying out of Chicago is -- basically, ASMs are
largely to Hawaii. And not -- and the other than Hawaii growth, the growth
rates in Chicago, Eastern American markets were lower than they were throughout
the rest of the United States. So look -- I don't -- I wouldn't -- anyway, we
don't view this as a share loss. What we view it as is -- well, again, other
than this Basic Economy issue, where, again, people might have booked another
carrier because they saw a lower fare on them than us. But it's much more about
-- when capacity grows in excess of demand, you're going to see some pressures
on revenues. We've offset most of that but not all of it, and we think, we're
going to get back to outperforming as we move forward.

DONALD B. CASEY: It's Don. I'll just had one other item. As
we, kind of, look through, kind of, opportunities in the, kind of, revenue
management space, that's where it, kind of, affects us globally. We think there
is an opportunity for us to do better in period -- do better in periods of
really low demand, or trough periods, and this applies really across the network,
but it does apply to the domestic market as well. And as we look at it,
obviously, our objective here is not to maximize load factor. It's to maximize
revenue. But in periods of really low demand, we think there's an opportunity
for us to actually grow our load factor and maintain the overall year -- yield
portfolio we also have. That's through some adjustments we're going to making
in our forecasting and also our, kind of, work process within our revenue
management space. We also believe that during these time periods, there are
some real channel-specific things that we can do as well. And so we think there
is -- this is, kind of, the next evolution for us. The next focus, we think,
there's a lot of leverage in this going forward, really across the entire
business.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Jamie, I'm sorry. There's one more
thing I should have mentioned by now. If you look at where our growth was --
has been over last year at American, it's not been in our most profitable hubs.
Indeed, we are building up LAX, which is the right thing to do and long-term
strategic, there was some growth in Philadelphia in response to some
competitive -- some incursions there to make sure that we were competitive, but
not in places like Dallas and Charlotte and not in places like our strongest
hubs, which some of our other competitors did. So that will also have an
effect. But long and short of it was we're very comfortable with where we are
in terms of our relative positioning. We feel really good about the future.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Well, as a follow-up on that, Doug,
and let me just push you a little bit tougher here. I mean, we all remember a
time when -- we remember a time when United couldn't punch its way out of a
paper bag, when they were the perennial last-place member of the Big 3. And
what I'm being asked right now from investors is whether American has now
simply stepped into the shoes that United once occupied. It's simply -- maybe
that is simply the construct of the industry going forward. It's almost like 3,
5, 7. You're going to have one chronic outperformer, let's call that Delta in
fairness; you have the silver medalist, let's call it United; and then,
inevitably, American brings up the rear. So how do you push back on that? What
structural component of the American story can you point to, other than just
trying harder, which is all well and good and to be applauded, to convince us
that you can get off the bronze medal podium, so to speak?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. You're just -- you're going to
watch us going forward, I guess, Jamie. If that's what your view is, we
vehemently disagree. And I think that would be an overreaction too. And look --
so anyway, our competitors are doing a nice job. And one of them in particular
had a lot more upside for a lot of reasons than we did. But that doesn't mean
that we think we're not going to go do exactly what we plan to do, which is to
be the best airline in the world. So at any rate, I would just -- I would
encourage them to think -- to look a little longer term.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Hunter Keay with
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I'm curious how you can speak so
confidently about growing margins next year, given fuel is high and RASM is
unknowable. I mean are you basically telling us right now that you think you
can better than the 1 to 2 [CASM-ex] guys?

DEREK J. KERR: Oh, no. I mean, we're on that CASM number.
It's -- we do not -- we're guiding that for the next 2 years, staying in the 1
to 2 range. So we have not changed that. We will go through the planning
process. We haven't done that yet for the -- for next year, and we'll update
that when we go through that planning process. But there's no change to the
2019 or 2020 CASM guidance at this point in time.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: All right. And then, Doug, honestly, I'm
surprised to hear you continuing to beat the drum on this balance sheet stuff
around asset values, because with all due respect, it really only matters if you're
mortgaging assets, and that's not a scenario that any equity holder cares
about. So what about -- looking at this differently. What about the drag of
interest expense it provides on your P&L, which gives you so much less
margin for error on the RASM, CASM stuff? Doesn't that factor into the equation
somehow?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, look, it all factors into the
equation. At the end of the day, you end up with a capital allocation strategy
that we think optimizes the value of the firm. And what we believe is -- of
course, that will result in higher interest expense. It also results in fewer
shares outstanding. And it results in, therefore, a mix of less equity, which
is more expensive and more debt, which is much less expensive. So we believe we
really were at the right mix, particularly given what happens in terms of our
costs to the extent you went in the other direction. It doesn't -- in this
business, it doesn't tend to reduce our borrowing costs, particularly because
we're borrowing against really strong assets. And we've -- so we were
hard-pressed to come to the conclusion that delevering from where we are today,
in particular, with the cash balance we hold, makes sense for our investors.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Susan Donofrio with
Macquarie Capital.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH: So
just a question on operational performance. Even before the PSA issues, your
on-time baggage, et cetera, has lagged, and customer service complaints have
been pretty high. I'm just wondering, United's been pretty vocal with some
Core4 training, et cetera. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're
doing to address your operational issues?

DEREK J. KERR: Sure. I'll chime in here. Our performance the
last couple months hasn't been where we wanted it. We can point to some things.
Certainly, the PSA outage was one item. We've also had some pretty tough
weather year-over-year out of Miami, which has impacted the system. But we see
a lot of opportunity going forward though. And certainly, getting the airline
fully integrated is going to be a big deal to us. We've made good progress --
we're making good progress on the path to getting our flight attendants
integrated, and we're also hopeful that we'll have our fleet and mechanics
fully integrated as we look forward as well. The kind of things that you look
to improve upon is certainly aircraft reliability. And we're dedicating a lot
of effort to making sure that as we move toward some of the older fleets, the
767s and the Super 80s that they move out the fleet that they get the attention
that they deserve. Our folks are really working hard. We've got a game plan to
get back really to being where we expect to be, which is the best at departing
on time and completing fights and ensuring that bags are delivered too. Couple
of points I'd like to note though, first off, I do know that in terms of
servicing customers, as far as misconnections, I know that we're doing a nice
job there, as we've seen misconnections drop year-over-year. We've seen
complaints drop, certainly from a DOT perspective. And then also, our internal
measures, in terms of compliments and complaints ratios have improved as well.
No doubt, we've got some work to do. We're in the middle of the summer. Our
team's working hard, and we know we'll get back on path.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Savi Syth with
Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I wonder if you could talk a little
bit more about the expansion at DFW and Charlotte, just around the timing, and
just how you expect that to flow through maybe the cost and the revenue lines
as those kind of come on, because it seems like maybe -- your commentary on the
DFW performance seems like we should see some good kind of incremental revenue
contribution from those.

DEREK J. KERR: Well, as far as the gates go, we anticipate
that we'll start getting those online late in the first quarter, early second
quarter in Dallas/Fort Worth. And then we'll ramp up from there, the 15 gates.
In Charlotte, the 7 gates, really, they start coming online at the end of the
year, more towards the end of the year, and I think that we'll have 4-or-so
gates ready in the third and fourth quarter and the remainder of those in 2019.
And what we intend to do is that we have a nice opportunity to ensure first
that any growth that we do is positioned there but as well, there's opportunity
for redeployment from underperforming places within our network. And we're
going through that process, and you'll see a lot of movement on that and
announcements on that forthcoming in the months to come in 2018.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: So the benefits of that, really, may
be second half '19. Is that fair?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. That's fair, Savi.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Okay, great. And then if I might
just follow up on the domestic 3Q, how much of that benefits from kind of the
look back with the hurricane impact last year? So ex hurricane impact, are you
kind of expecting maybe domestic RASM to be down year-over-year?

DONALD B. CASEY: No. This is Don Casey. No, we ended up with
a benefit related to Hurricane Harvey. We had a negative impact associated with
Hurricane Irma. And net-net, all of the hurricanes last year had about a 3/10
benefit to us. So even outside of the hurricane effect, we see revenue domestic
improving from the second quarter.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi with
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, when you and the
board consider what the appropriate organizational structure is for the
company, and I'm just talking about the airline versus the loyalty program, how
do you have that conversation and make the decision without knowing how a third
party would value your loyalty program? Isn't that just good due diligence to
understand how the market would value that business?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, anyway, Joseph, the -- I'll
answer the question this way. We do, indeed, have a loyalty program that we
think is the best in the world. And that is real value. We think that value is
-- accrues to American Airlines and therefore, to American Airlines'
shareholders. And if we were to separate it, we worry about the ability to retain
that value, because...

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Doug, you realize there's an option
here where you don't have to separate it, you can just monetize a minority
stake to prove to the market what it's worth? I mean that is an option, right?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Joseph, to answer your basic -- your
first question, as to whether we look at this, the answer's yes. We have indeed
looked at it. And we'll continue to look at it. With our shareholders' interest
at heart, what I'm telling you is, having done that analysis and that due
diligence, to this point, we have not decided that's in the best interest of
our shareholders.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. The guidance for the full year
implies a margin of about 8%. If I back out the marketing fees you guys get
from the card partners, it's closer to 3% to 4%. Do you think that if the 2
businesses were internally viewed separately and forced to stand on their own
that you would be able to manage the airline side to a better margin than what
seems to be pretty low for the largest airline in the world?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We don't. And furthermore, we think
it's hard to separate those businesses. They're so intricately related. Indeed,
what the card is, Joseph, is another distribution channel. It's a way in which
people purchase tickets on American Airlines. And it's a valuable distribution
channel. But it's a -- that's what it is. And if we separate that out of the
airline, you -- I don't think those margins can be separated or should be,
because I don't believe as you do so that they remain the same.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani with
Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Doug, just a high-level question for you. As far as giving earnings guidance
for the full year, do you think maybe that wasn't the right decision, or that
just given that it's tough to predict movement in fuel or the lag between fuel
and fares, et cetera, but I would just love your thoughts there.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay. Yes, we went down this road
reluctantly. We, at American, for quite some time, have been suggesting that
earnings targets and things like that were: one, hard to do in this business
because of the volatility of things like fuel; and two, led to short-term
mentality that we didn't think was healthy. So having said that, we -- as
others did it and as investors, at least the analyst community continued to
suggest to us that, that was important to our investors, we acquiesced and
we're there now. We're not intending to change it, at least for this year I
guess, because we don't think -- we worry that doing so, particularly as we
were pulling it down, would like we just didn't want to tell you what we
thought it was which is certainly not the case. But look, I thought the memo
from Jamie Dimon and Warren Buffett was right on point. I believe that we, as
business, do our shareholders and our -- and the people we employ and the
people we serve a disservice by focusing too much on the near term. And it
doesn't mean you'd definitely do that, if indeed you get focused on quarterly
earnings, but you can. So there's a possibility that it happens. And it's just
something -- like I said, we went into it reluctantly. You're intelligent to
note it. And while -- but anyway, we are where we are. We'll continue to do it.
We'll continue to look at whether it makes sense for us. But in the long -- but
I don't think it's -- I don't think it helps us make right decisions -- I don't
think it helps us make the best decisions for our shareholders. To the extent
we still make the best decisions for our shareholders and it's of use to our
investors, that's something we'll continue to do.

RAJEEV LALWANI: And on the capacity adjustments, you guys
are obviously being pretty aggressive, I think more so versus your peers. How
do you get comfortable with the fact that those capacity adjustments will
stick, given that others aren't necessarily playing along and may just backfill
some of the growth that you cut?

DEREK J. KERR: It's a competitive marketplace. We think that
we're sizing the airline that's right for American, American's network and
American's customers. And as we take a look forward, we really like the
opportunity that we have in front of us in DFW and Charlotte, and the opportunities
that we have there. So we're keeping an eye on it. Certainly, our market
position in our hubs is important and we have to offer a network that is
attractive to our customers and we'll make sure that we continue to do that.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And just to be clear, to the extent,
we are reducing any existing flying, we're still growing somewhat and the
routes that we're reducing, we're reducing because they're not profitable at
these levels of fuel price. That means, what we call, utilization flying; that
is flying where aircraft are otherwise sitting due to our hub-and-spoke
structure, and we fly them somewhere and back and get them back into the hub,
and you just had the variable cost of that route and just need -- but that
variable cost is largely fuel. So if you can't cover the cost, so that doesn't
make sense to fly, that's not something anyone will backfill, as you say. And
it's other routes that just, again, in these times, don't make sense for us.
And that's flying in and out of our hubs. So no real concern on our part that
someone will come into routes that we -- into flying that we would reduce. And
again, as Robert said correctly, that we go manage our capacity based on what
we think is best for American.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Helene Becker with
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So here is my question, and it has more to
do with technology. When you look at what happened at PSA, is that something
that was avoidable? And if not, is there something you can do that would enable
you to avoid issues like that going forward?

MAYA LEIBMAN, EXECUTIVE VP & CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Helane, this is Maya. What I would say is I'd
love to tell you that technology is bulletproof and that it is -- that every
issue is avoidable, but unfortunately, that's not the case. And in this
particular incident, we had an unusual issue where we had both primary and
redundant servers that were designed to take the load should one server fail.
But in this case, because of the nature of the issue and because of how unusual
it was, it took down both our primary and redundant servers. I think that
there's a lot that we do and that all airlines do, that everyone in my position
does to ensure that we are doing the utmost to prevent any outages. And I think
we have a comprehensive program around disaster recovery, around high
availability and redundancy and that's our objective. The problem is that
technology isn't always quite as bulletproof as we'd like it to be. And in the
airline industry, issues are very immediately apparent to the entire public and
they're very negatively impactful.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. Maya, I appreciate that response.
And then just a quick question on the decision to adjust CapEx, I guess. Is --
should we just think about it as 2 independent airlines made aircraft decisions
based on their independence, and they came together and they have to adjust
capacity? Or we -- should we -- capacity growth or plans? Or should we think
about is as a cash flow issue?

DEREK J. KERR: Oh, I think it's just -- I view it as one
airline making a capacity decision. We have the ability to do and have more
large RJs, and we were able to negotiate a deal with Embraer and Bombardier to
bring in those aircraft earlier. The push of the A321s is more of a -- we have
the capacity already. We have aircraft that we can keep around. We're putting
737s through the Oasis project and modifying those aircraft. So there really wasn't
the need to take on new aircraft at this point in time, which enabled us to
push them out until 2024. So it's really looking at the delivery stream and
making sure that you're not -- you don't want to replace aircraft too early
when other aircraft are fine and can be flown in the markets that we have. So
that was just more of a decision from a CapEx standpoint to push those out just
from a need perspective on the narrowbody aircraft.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Helene, it's Doug. Thanks for
asking, that's a good distinction. We have, in the past, talked about deferral
of aircraft and told you that we did put the other 2 fleet types. When we
looked at it, we had too many aircraft coming. When you had enough, at certain
times, we were able to defer some. This one, as Derek just said, is not that.
We had already done most of that, I think all of that work, actually. This is
the result of given the existing environment, making sure that we actually want
to take airplanes in those times and we've come to the conclusion we don't.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Dan McKenzie with
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: JVs at LATAM, Aer Lingus and Qantas, big picture,
what does a road map look like from here for approval to implementation? Is the
expectation that these could be implemented sometime next year? And then what
is the revenue pie that you're going to be trying to optimize with these
partners?

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON, EVP OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Well, let me talk about implementation -- this is Steve
Johnson, by the way. Let me talk about the implementation, then Don can talk
about the revenue.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: The timing he's asking about, not
the...

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON: Yes, that's what I meant there. I think
there's a -- there remains a chance that we can get Qantas approved this year.
I think that we -- we're working very closely with the DOT there. They're
taking really a fresh and, I think, very thoughtful look at the whole concept
of antitrust immunity around JVs, and Qantas is turning out to be the platform
for that. So it's going to -- it has taken a little longer than we'd hope. But
we remain optimistic that it's going to get done, and we remain hopeful that we
can it get done, get the approval in the fourth quarter or early in the first
quarter. Aer Lingus is -- should -- I think we all thought that Aer Lingus
would be a straightforward application. But the DOT, again, is taking up a
different look at Aer Lingus, primarily around the idea about putting a
low-cost, low-fare carrier into a joint business, okay. Their view, that's not
been done before and they want to make sure that that's going to deliver the
consumer benefits that we promised. So that's going to take a little bit more
time. And my guess is that Aer Lingus is probably going to be an early 2019
decision by the DOT, so implementation after that. LATAM is -- we're still
waiting to hear from the Chilean competition tribunal that's reviewing that.
And once we've heard from them, we're actually going to file a new application
with LATAM to just -- because our application now is more than 2 years old. And
we're going -- we want to update that and use the learnings that we've had in
Qantas and Aer Lingus to supplement that application. That's certainly going to
be acted on by the DOT sometime in probably the second half of 2019 I would
have thought.

DONALD B. CASEY: And in terms of the potential benefits,
it's -- look, we're able to offer more choice for our customers. And a joint
business relationship ensures that we're able to sell on each other's networks
and really give customers the opportunity for the best of what the joint
business partners have to offer. And so we look forward to that as these
approvals come.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: I see. Okay. $2.9 billion in revenue
initiatives, what have you captured so far? What is the updated dollar goal for
2019? And what potential exists to accelerate some of these benefits?

DONALD B. CASEY: Well, what I'd tell you is that we're
certainly down the path and out of the first year. I think that we had said
before about $0.5 billion.

DEREK J. KERR: That's for the first half of the year.

DONALD B. CASEY: First half of the year, about $0.5 billion
through. There's, obviously, a little bit of a setback because of Basic
Economy. But with the change to the program, we think that we will be able to
recapture some of what had fallen off. In addition to that though, we know that
there are other opportunities that will more than make up for whatever has been
lost with Basic Economy. So if we take a look at -- from Investor Day last
fall, with where we stand today and what we're adding to it, we think that
we're on track. And Derek can say a little bit more.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. And Dan, what we presented was $1.35
billion in '18 for the revenue synergies and $775 million in '19. I think
there's about a shift of about $200 million, so the 2018 will be down to about
$1.115 billion. But that $200 million is going into '19. So we're up to $975
million in '19. So the way to look at it is, we're a little bit behind due to
some of the Basic Economy stuff that we talked about. But that shift is going
go into 2019, that $200 million, as we stay on target for the $2.9 billion.

OPERATOR: This concludes the analyst portion of today's
question-and-answer session. We would now like to open the call to media
questions. (Operator Instructions).

Our first media question comes from Andrew Tangel with Wall
Street Journal.

ANDREW TANGEL: Wanted to ask about fuel costs and fares and
your all's ability to pass this along to customers. How much are fares going
up? How much more sort of longer term are you all going to be able to pass
along these fuel costs that are here to stay to customers? At what point, do
fare increases dampen demand and wind up preventing you all from growing
revenue? And so what's the limit of your all's ability to raise fares or put
these fuel costs as consumers are facing higher costs on other products too?

DONALD B. CASEY: Well, I'll just start and others can add
in. It's a competitive marketplace. And at the end of the day, it's all about
supply and demand. And where we stand today, we see a strong demand for the
product. And so we're optimistic that there's the chance to recover some of the
cost of the increase in the price of fuel. But over the long run, it depends on
the economy and it depends on how much supply is out in the marketplace. And
that supply is seats. So the -- what we see though is -- in our markets, we see
a prudent deployment of capacity and we've seen signs of recovery and as we've
stated, we've seen successive quarters of year-over-year revenue improvement,
and we expect to see that as we head into the rest of '18 and into '19 as well.
Don?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. And again, we're also diversifying
some of our sources of revenue as well through growing our credit card business
and our ancillary revenue stream, all of which will help us grow the top line.

ANDREW TANGEL: Sure. And as a follow-up, on the issue with
Taiwan and the references to Taiwan on your website and other ways that the
Chinese government has now been focused on, can you walk us through your all's
decision in addressing the Chinese demand the way you all did? And what are you
looking for from the U.S. government now as China reportedly has said that
American Airlines or U.S. airlines' response to their demand has been
incomplete.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes look, I'd prefer not to do that,
if it's okay by you, give you the blow-by-blow of this. What I'll tell you is
we had a deadline. We complied with the deadline of what we thought was a nice
solution for everyone. And hopefully, that will be the case. That that's where
we stand right now.

ANDREW TANGEL: I guess just generally speaking then, why you
all are uncomfortable with addressing sort of the decision-making process and
your thoughts on doing what you all did, at least in terms of the matter of
international affairs, but earlier, you all have weighed in on domestic
affairs, at least regarding the migrant children transport? Is there -- is this
just trickier for some reason? Can you at least address why you won't address
the decision-making process?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. Sure, yes. It's just it's a
matter of international affairs that is, I think, more important to those
countries than to American Airlines and we don't want to be intervening in that
process.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Mary Schlangenstein
with Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Don, I wanted to see if you could talk
a little bit more about Basic Economy and what you were seeing that made you
decide you needed to make a change. Like were you just not able to sell the
fares at all? Were you having to really deeply discount them? And sort of, when
you realized that you did have a big problem?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: That was for you, Don.

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. The -- yes, I would -- first of all,
I wouldn't describe it as a big problem. This was really an issue of
competitiveness, right. We've been kind of watching it now since we rolled the
product out. The industry hasn't aligned on product attributes and we think
kind of shifting this direction is going to allow us to offer this choice to
more customers and that's going to lead to better revenue outcome for us.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Okay. But can you comment on what made
you realize that there was an issue caused by not being aligned with the
others? Was it that you weren't selling Basic Economy or what?

DONALD B. CASEY: We weren't giving as many customers the
choice for buying Basic Economy under our current product configuration. And by
changing the attributes, we're going to be able to offer this product to more
customers.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: So that sounds to me like you weren't
selling as much as you wanted to?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, the scope wasn't as high -- as large
as we had originally anticipated. And we think this is going to increase the
scope of coverage of the product.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Okay. And could you give us an idea of
how far it lagged what you had anticipated?

DONALD B. CASEY: No. I mean, I think we'll -- all we'll say
is that from where we are right now, we expect the results to improve in excess
of $100 million a year.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And look, I mean, I just wanted --
I'd just point out if it's not obvious, I mean, this is good news for
customers. It's -- and again, we're amending the product to be more customer
friendly in allowing customers that purchase that product to carry on a bag
without having to pay for it. But still, having constraints on the product that
will -- that some of our customers will choose to not want to purchase that
product but purchase a different product.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from David Koenig with The
Associated Press.

DAVID KOENIG: Well, Mary really asked my question. But let
me then jump on something else. Robert, did you say during the analyst section
that the reduction in 3Q and 4Q capacity growth will include China and Brazil?
And if that's -- if I heard that correctly, is that in any sense because you're
worried about the trade dispute or rising tariffs cutting into either of those
areas?

ROBERT D. ISOM: David, as a matter of fact, these are
changes that we've announced previously. And it's due to ultimately, the
profitability that we had seen and certainly, as we forecast with higher oil
prices, it's due solely to that.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Leslie Josephs with
CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Just another one on Basic Economy, what's
the upsell? I think you guys had said something like 50% of passengers that
were considering Basic and then ended up getting the regular economy, and how
do you expect that to change with the baggage allowance?

DONALD B. CASEY: Our current upsell rate is 63%, and we
expect, as we change the product attribute with carry-on bags, that that's
going to go down a little bit to around 50%. But the number of customers that
we'll be upselling is going to go up.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: The number of customers that you're
upselling will go up but the...

DONALD B. CASEY: There are going to be more customers. Like
they'll be presented with a choice.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: The product will be available in a
lot more places.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Oh, so it's a screening issue...

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Right.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: On Kayak and others, okay. Got it. And then,
Doug, you had previously said this year that fares are too low for oil prices
this high. How has that changed? Are fares okay now? Or how much do you expect
or need them to go up to deal with these higher fuel costs?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, okay, I should say it this
way. Our revenues aren't up as much as our fuel costs are up. So to maintain
earnings, we would need to see -- to maintain earnings at prior levels, we'd
need to see revenues get more in line with the fuel cost increase. So anyway,
one -- what really needs to happen, I think, Leslie, is over time, capacity
adjusts to a level where it's more in line with demand growth and more in line
with the reality of existing fuel prices. I expect that'll happen over time.
It'll be gradual. I don't think it's -- certainly, there are amazing values out
there for customers and for consumers right now that all throughout the fare
level spectrum and that will continue. To the extent they go up, I don't think
-- it's not because they're huge -- it doesn't require a large material
increase. But absolutely, when our cost of production goes up, we need to get
to a point where we can raise the cost -- raise our revenues to be able to cover
that cost.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Okay, got it. And then the LATAM JV, does
that -- will that help you at all with some of the headwinds you're seeing in
Latin America, Brazil and then some of the political stuff?

DONALD B. CASEY: It will, once it's implemented. Obviously,
we're a ways from getting it implemented. But once it's implemented, we think
it's going to be -- help us have a material benefit for both us and LATAM as
we're able to offer a much, much broader network and much greater choice to
customers.

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON: And this is Steve, I mean, not just
LATAM, but Qantas and Aer Lingus and the JVs that our competitors are applying
for are just -- they provide really fantastic benefits for travelers and our
customers and we look forward to being able to offer that as well.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Patti Waldmeir with
Financial Times.

PATTI WALDMEIR: All of my very efficient colleagues have
asked all my questions.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Right, thank you. If you think of
anything, call us back.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Edward Russell with
Flightglobal.

EDWARD RUSSELL: I'm curious, when you talk about shifting
capacity away from less profitable hubs, less profitable markets, what markets
-- I mean, or what hubs do you suspect are going to be impacted by that shift?
Where could we expect to see some cuts?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Here's what I'd tell you. Well,
first off, we've been really successful. As I said in my opening comments, we
grew DFW by 4% in terms of ASMs and we're able to outpace that with unit
revenue growth and we see our opportunities to be in Charlotte and DFW and
filling out the gates in Chicago. We have growth plan for next year as Derek
has said, but it's more or less going to be GDP or lower. And we think that the
gates that we have are going to be more than capable of absorbing that. And as
we take a look at your redeployment opportunities, and it really is that as
Doug had said, there's utilization opportunities that we're doing now that
maybe we will cut back on. And then in terms of around the edges, maybe some
aircraft in certain parts of the network are better used, certainly, in those
new gates. And so it won't have a material impact on the hubs outside of DFW
and Charlotte and Chicago.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay. So minimal cuts at just hubs like
Phoenix or Philadelphia or Miami, those places is what you're saying?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes.

OPERATOR: And I'm currently showing no further questions at
this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Doug Parker for closing
remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay. My closing remarks is thanks
for your interest. Thanks for being on with us. If you have any questions,
contact Investor Relations or Corporate Communications. We're here to answer
those for you. Thank you very much. Thanks, operator.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's
conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072618a11643089.789










 EXECUTIVES (93%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); AVIATION
SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); PRICES (78%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (77%);
FINANCIAL RESULTS (77%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO
LLP (70%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO
INC (69%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (68%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%)










 SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (95%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (83%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (83%); SIC6211 SECURITY
BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS
(70%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (70%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (70%);
AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); AVIATION
SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING
(73%)










 DOUG PARKER (92%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 August 3, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
26, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 9752 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

* Derek J. Kerr

. - Executive VP, CFO &
Principal Accounting Officer

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD &
Fundamental Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* John Biers

* Leslie Josephs

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded.
(Operator Instructions)

And now I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens.

DANIEL CRAVENS: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and
welcome to the American Airlines Group First Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. In the
room with us or joining us on the call this morning is: Doug Parker, our
Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, our President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief
Financial Officer. Also in the room for the question-and-answer session is
Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People and Communications; Maya Leibman, Chief
Information Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don
Casey, our Senior Vice President of Revenue Management.

We're going to start the call today with Doug, and he will
provide an overview of our financial results. Derek will then walk us through
the details on the first quarter and provide some additional information on our
guidance for the remainder of the year. Robert will then follow with the
commentary on the operational performance and revenue environment. And then
after we hear from those comments, we'll open the call for analysts' questions
and, lastly, questions from the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans
and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as
to future events, but there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of
these risks and uncertainties can be found in our press release that was issued
this morning and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings press release, and that can be found on our website
at aa.com.

The webcast of this will also be archived on our website.
The information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we
undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

Thanks, again, for joining us. At this point, I would like
to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan, and thanks, everybody, for being with us. We
recorded this morning first quarter results of $357 million of income excluding
net special items. That's $0.75 per share. Thanks to the hard working people of
American Airlines, who are doing a phenomenal job in taking care of our teams
and keeping us on track with all of our strategic initiatives. We feel very
good about where we are. Those earnings, of course, are down year-over-year.
That's driven by an increase in fuel year-over-year, which Derek will talk
about. And indeed that fuel prices have increased yet again just in the last --
since we closed the quarter. So we've adjusted our full year earnings estimate
accordingly.

Excluding the fuel price increase, as I was saying though,
everything else feels very good at American. We continue to work against our
strategic objectives and feel -- and had made really nice progress in each of
those. First, in creating a world-class customer experience, we continue to
bring in new aircraft and retire older airplanes and what is the most
aggressive modernization of an aircraft fleet in the history of commercial
aviation continues, with our aircraft aged now well below those of our large
competitors. We've put in place the best property -- the best lounge product
ever created by U.S. carrier, with Flagship Lounges in Miami, LA, JFK, Chicago,
coming soon to Dallas.

With the introduction of the 737 MAXs, we now have satellite
WiFi on domestic aircraft, something that will be continued to roll out through
the entire fleet through 2019; just a huge advancement in the product for our
customers, allowing consumers to stream, everyone in the aircraft streaming the
same time. Much different than the ground-based WiFi that is in place on much
of the American fleet and most of the industry's fleet today.

So that work continues. It is being well noticed by our
customers. On making culture a competitive advantage, a huge initiative of
American that continues, of course, in this quarter. We accrued $29 million of
profit sharing for our team during the quarter. But leading forward is -- the biggest
announcement in that regard for the quarter was the aircraft restructuring that
we announced earlier in the quarter, which positions us for the future
extremely well as it relates to our fleet addressing a couple of the issues
that remain with our wide-body fleet and pushing off some 737s. That is
allowing us to leave in the fleet some aircraft that weren't quite ready to
retire.

And then lastly, on ensuring long-term financial strength,
the earnings, in spite of those fuel price increases, contributed well to that
initiative. We returned $498 million to shareholders through share repurchases
and dividends in the quarter. We now have done $11.9 billion, $11 billion of
which are share repurchases since the program was announced in mid-2014. And we
announced yet again today a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization to be
completed by December 31, 2020. So the team has done an amazing job at hitting
in all cylinders.

I'll let Derek now talk about -- give you more detail on
those financials, and Robert will give you more details on the operations and
revenue performance.

DEREK J. KERR, EXECUTIVE VP, CFO & PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING
OFFICER, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: All right. Thanks, Doug, and good
morning, everyone. To start, I'd like to recognize and thank our team members
who did a great job looking after our customers despite some very difficult
weather events over the past few months. Even in the face of some very
challenging operational conditions, their hard work allowed us to continue
showing the strong revenue growth that we have achieved in recent quarters.

We filed our first quarter earnings press release and 10-Q
this morning. And as a reminder, on January 1, 2018, we adopted new accounting
standards relating to revenue recognition as well as the income statement
classification of certain pension and benefit costs. As a result, our 2017
statement of operations was recast to reflect these changes. All of the
period-over-period comparisons I will talk about today are based on these
recast results. Just refer to the first quarter 2018 10-Q filed this morning as
well as our 8-K filed January 25, 2018 for our recast 2017 financial
statements.

Higher fuel prices led to a decline in year-over-year
earnings. Our first quarter 2018 GAAP net profit was $186 million or $0.39 per
diluted share as compared to our first quarter 2017 GAAP net profit of $340
million or $0.67 per diluted share. Excluding net special items, we reported a
net profit of $357 million in the first quarter of 2018 versus our first quarter
2017 net profit excluding special items of $414 million. Our diluted earnings
per share excluding net special items was $0.75, $0.03 better than analyst
consensus.

The winter storms I mentioned earlier in my remarks resulted
in more than 8,000 flight cancellations, primarily in the Northeast, and these
negatively impacted first quarter earnings by approximately $42 million.

On a pretax basis, our GAAP first quarter pretax profit was
$273 million. Excluding net special items, our first quarter pretax profit was
$468 million, resulting in a pretax margin of 4.5%.

For the sixth consecutive quarter, we achieved positive unit
revenue growth. Total operating revenues were up 5.9% year-over-year to a first
quarter record $10.4 billion. Passenger revenues were up 5.4% to $9.5 billion
on a 1.5% improvement in yields.

Our cargo team continues to produce excellent results. Our
fleet transformation over the past few years has led to significant up-gauging,
which allows us to transport more cargo around our network. This contributed to
a 10.9% increase in volume in the first quarter. This increase in traffic, when
coupled with an improved global economy, enabled us to grow our cargo revenues
by 18.8% to $227 million in the first quarter on a 7.1% increase in yields.

Other operating revenues were $694 million in the first
quarter of 2018, up 10% year-over-year, primarily driven by revenues associated
with our loyalty program.

Total GAAP operating expenses for the first quarter of 2018
were $10 billion, up 9.8% versus the same quarter last year. This increase was
driven primarily by a $441 million increase in consolidated fuel expenses. Had
fuel prices remained unchanged versus the first quarter 2017, our total
expenses would have been $412 million lower.

Higher salaries and benefits expenses resulting from the
mid-contract base pay increase given to our pilots and flight attendants in
April of 2017 also contributed the increase in expenses. As a result,
consolidated CASM was $0.1515 in the first quarter of 2018, up 7.3% year-over-year,
and our consolidated CASM ex fuel and special items, was. $0.1157, up 2.8%
year-over-year. This was lower than the guidance we provided earlier in the
year due primarily to the timing of certain maintenance expenses, which shifted
from the first quarter to the second quarter.

We ended the quarter with approximately $7.8 billion in
total available liquidity, well above our $7 billion target minimum. The
company also has a restricted cash position of $294 million.

During the quarter, we completed sale-leaseback transactions
on the 16 remaining 2018 mainline new deliveries. In addition, we extended our
financing commitment with BNDES to finance the 10 ERJ 175s delivered later this
year and in early 2019. We now have all of our aircraft deliveries in 2018
financed.

The company made dividend payments of $48 million and
repurchased 4.8 million (sic) [8.4 million] shares at a cost of $450 million in
the first quarter. Since our share repurchase program started in 2014, we have
bought back $11 billion of stock. Our buyback, as well as the net issuance of
stock and cash extinguishment of convertible debt, has reduced our share count
by 38% to 467.4 million shares outstanding as of March 31.

We also announced in our earnings release this morning that
the Board has approved a new $2 billion share repurchase authorization for
completion by the end of 2020.

We filed an investor update this morning, which included our
guidance for the remainder of the year. Consistent with our previous guidance,
we continue to expect our 2018 capacity to be up approximately 2.5% on a
schedule-over-schedule basis or approximately 3% on a schedule-over-actual
basis. By region, we expect our 2018 system capacity to be up approximately 3%
domestically and 2.5% internationally. We also guided to a second quarter 2018
TRASM forecast increase of 1.5% to 3.5%, and Robert will provide more color on
the trends we are seeing in the revenue environment.

I also want to tell you more about our One Airline
initiative, the company-wide project that we discussed at our Media and
Investor Day last fall. One Airline is designed to ensure we derive the maximum
benefit from the efficiency opportunities created by the merger. We have
forecasted on driving lower costs across the business -- are focused on driving
lower costs across the business and have identified opportunities in a number
of diverse areas such as simply returning unused airport space freed up by
co-locations and other post-merger changes, shifting a portion of our higher
costs, regional affiliate flying to lower -- our lower cost wholly-owned
subsidiaries and new projects, such as our Dynamic Reaccom project, which
enables customers to rebook themselves on the flight of their choice in the
event of irregular operations, which in turn reduces pressure on our
reservation call centers.

I mentioned on the last earnings call that we expected our
One Airline initiative to generate approximately $250 million of cost
reductions in 2018, which is $50 million higher than our expectations at our Investor
Day. We're excited by the opportunities that we have identified through this
process for 2018 and expect more than $1 billion in cost reductions over the
next few years.

We continue to anticipate that our unit cost growth rate,
excluding fuel and special items, will be approximately 2% for 2018, excluding
the impact of any new labor agreements. Due to timing of the expenses moving
out of the first quarter, we anticipate the CASM growth will now peak in the
second quarter of 2018 at up 2.5% to 4.5% year-over-year with the rate of CASM
declining each quarter after that.

Based on the forward curve as of April 20, we are
forecasting a 30% increase year-over-year of consolidated fuel expense in 2018
or an increase of $2.3 billion. For the full year, we now anticipate our fuel
price to be between $2.16 to $2.21 per gallon. With these higher forecasted
fuel prices, we expect our second quarter of 2018 pretax margin excluding net
special items to be between 7.5% and 9.5%.

Since we gave our EPS guide in early April, higher fuel
costs have driven an increase of approximately $0.65 per share. Therefore, we
are also updating our 2018 earnings per diluted share excluding net special
items guidance to be between $5 and $6 a share.

Our CapEx plans for 2018 remain unchanged as we continue to
expect to commit $1.8 billion in non-aircraft CapEx projects, with gross
aircraft CapEx and PDPs of $1.9 billion. All of our new aircraft deliveries are
designed to replace older fleet retirements.

Since our last call, we have announced a significant change
in our aircraft delivery plans. Following negotiations with Boeing and Airbus,
we announced earlier this month that we canceled our order for 22 Airbus A350
aircraft and expect to take delivery of additional 22 Boeing 787-8s and 25
Boeing 787-9 aircraft between 2020 and 2026. These aircraft will replace our
Boeing 767s, Airbus A330-300s and certain older 777-200 aircraft. Boeing is
also committed to provide operating lease financing for the 787-8 deliveries.

In addition, as Doug said, we agreed with Boeing to defer
the delivery of 40 737 MAX aircraft from between 2020 and 2022 to 2025 and 2026
and agreed with Airbus to defer 3 A321neo aircraft from 2021 to 2023. These
changes further simplify our fleet and better align our aircraft delivery
stream with our replacement needs. They also significantly reduce our planned
aircraft CapEx for 2019 and 2020. We now expect our aircraft CapEx for 2019 to
be $2.5 billion with $1.7 billion expected for 2020. We will continue to work
with the aircraft manufacturers to find mutually beneficial opportunities to
fine-tune our delivery schedule to meet our network needs.

With respect to our pension obligations, we plan to make
contributions of approximately 450 -- or sorry, $465 million in 2018, which
will allow us to maintain the funded status of our plans at 80% for 2018.
Roughly $207 million has been contributed through April 2018.

So in conclusion, I'd like to once again thank our entire
team for another excellent quarter. Your hard work is the foundation of our
continued success.

And with that, I will turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Like both
Doug and Derek, I'd like to thank our team members for their impressive work
throughout the quarter. They worked through challenging weather conditions,
including an unprecedented 4 nor'easter storms in the first 20 days of March.
As Derek said, during the quarter, we canceled more than 8,000 mainline and
regional flights due to severe weather.

This past winter, our Philadelphia and Chicago O'Hare hubs
de-iced a nearly 80 days each. Through all of that, our front-line teams did a
great job of taking care of customers despite the difficult conditions and,
once again, demonstrated the world what collaboration teamwork means. So again,
thanks from all of us.

During the first quarter, we made tremendous progress on
many of our commercial initiatives that we outlined at our Media and Investor
Day last fall. As part of that plan, we said that we'd take advantage of the
power of our hubs and gateways, strengthen our domestic network and leverage
our existing and potential partnerships to improve our international network.
Domestically, we will launch new service to 7 markets this summer. These
markets not only strengthen the cities that -- with new service but also add
more connecting routes to our network. For example, the addition of twice-daily
from Panama City, Florida, to our hubs in Charlotte and DFW add more than 175
potential O&Ds to our network. The additional new destinations like Panama
City is just one example how we can unleash the power of our global network,
which not only add new destinations for our customers, but also drives new
margin-accretive, high-quality revenue into our network.

Another objective that we outlined was to focus our network
where we believe we have competitive advantage, which is our hubs. In Chicago,
we recently opened 5 new gates that would allow us to offer a richer pattern of
service for our customers. We also reached an agreement with DFW to get access
to additional gates in Terminal E. This allows us to add departures at our
largest hub, enabling more customers to access our global network. Over time
and when these changes are complete, we'll operate more than 900 daily
departures in DFW.

Lastly, in Charlotte, we continue to look for opportunities
to add profitable growth. And recently, we announced that we gained access to 7
additional gates, which are expected to start going into service in the fall of
2019 and beyond.

We have also enhanced the travel experience between New York
LaGuardia and Chicago for our business customers by adding that route to our
shuttle portfolio. The shuttle is well-known among our business and top
travelers and offers an hourly schedule, dedicated gates, dedicated check-in
areas, complementary meals at mealtimes and first class to and from Chicago
O'Hare, free spirits in first class, complementary snacks, beer and wine in all
cabins.

In addition, we recently filed a new application with the
U.S. Department of Transportation in February requesting antitrust immunity for
our proposed joint venture with Qantas that will cover our North America and
Australia and New Zealand operations. We're excited for this opportunity and
look forward to its approval.

With respect to our co-brand program, we are really seeing
the benefits of our dual-issuer model with very strong double-digit
year-over-year growth in acquisitions in the first quarter. Our total card
spend continues to significantly outpace GDP growth, and the growth in our
overall program benefits to American grew measurably in the first quarter of
'18 and is on track with our expectations.

Our sales initiatives continue to produce strong revenue
growth in the corporate segment. In particular, we saw an acceleration of
small- to medium-size corporate account acquisitions,[for] performance remains
positive with our corporate accounts.

We continue to methodically expand Basic Economy, which has
been effectively rolled out in the U.S. and certain markets in the Caribbean,
Mexico and now across the Atlantic. We are seeing strong upsell up to our main
cabin product with conversion rates now in excess of 60%. We expect further
market expansion will follow as we measure our operational and revenue
performance.

In addition, our highly differentiated Premium Economy
product is now installed on 81 widebody aircraft. It is being sold on 58 routes
at an average fare that is double the coach cabin fare.

Turning to revenue. Our first quarter revenue was up 5.9%
year-over-year and was a record for the first quarter, with 3.5% year-over-year
TRASM improvement. Our international performance is very strong due to solid
overall demand, improved premium capital performance, favorable currency impact
and Easter shifting to an earlier date compared to 2017. Domestic unit revenue
was positive as well driven by approved load factor. This is the sixth
consecutive quarter of positive unit revenue growth for the system and the second
quarter in a row, where all geographic entities had positive PRASM growth. Much
of this improvement is directly attributable to the significant investments we
have made over the past few years in our product and operation as well as the
world-class team we have assembled that continues to execute.

Our Latin American performance was very strong with PRASM up
12%, marking the seventh consecutive quarter of positive unit revenue growth.
Strength was broad-based with Brazil and Mexico improving in the mid-single
digits and all other entities improving by double digits.

Atlantic unit revenue was up 2%. Importantly, our underlying
coupon performance improved by 8.6%, but we have headwinds this quarter due to
the timing of joint business settlements. Premium demand remained strong while
coach pricing improved year-over-year. Currency added 4.5 points to Atlantic
performance.

Pacific PRASM was up 3.1% year-over-year on the basis of
improved Premium Cabin performance. Hong Kong and Japan were our strongest markets
year-over-year.

In domestic, our consolidated PRASM was up 2%. On a
year-over-year basis, our top-performing hubs were Miami and DFW. PRASM from
closed-in bookings was positive driven by Basic Economy and strong corporate
demand.

First quarter cargo revenue improved 18.8% year-over-year on
both strong volume and yield, continuing the positive trend we have seen since
the second half of 2016. Our other revenue was up by 10%, driven by increased
revenues associated with our loyalty program.

Looking forward, we are seeing strong demand for our
product, both domestically and internationally. On a year-over-year basis, our
comps get materially harder as the second quarter of 2017 was up significantly
higher than our peers. However, our ongoing and future commercial initiatives
will continue to drive revenue growth. We expect our year-over-year TRASM to be
up 1.5% to 3.5% in the second quarter. This will mark the seventh quarter in a
row of positive unit revenue growth for American.

Consistent with the last 2 quarters, we expect positive unit
revenue growth across our network, led by the Atlantic, followed by Pacific and
Latin America. As we head into the busy summer travel period, we are encouraged
with the economic environment and the strength that we see in passenger demand.
We remain focused on the long term, and we'll make smart investments and expand
margins that drive value for our company. We're proud of our accomplishments
thus far, and we look forward to the future.

And with that said, I'd like to turn the call back over to
the operator and begin our question-and-answer session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll go first to
Andrew Didora with Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Robert, can you give us a little bit more color around where your
corporate negotiated rates are right now? Can you maybe give us some reference
to where they are relative to prior peak? And have you been seeing traction
accelerate of late on corporate pricing?

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'm going to let -- I'm looking at Don here
to...

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Yes. I mean the market -- corporate market continues to be
pretty competitive, and we're seeing there a much stronger close in unit
revenue growth. And part of that is related to kind of corporate and business
markets. In the first quarter, our total revenue related to business travel,
which we will call our corporates, was actually up 7%. So we're seeing quite
strong demand. And part of that 7% growth was the increase in average ticket
values. So we're seeing the yields and average values go up.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Got it. And Doug, I guess, wanted to
go on take to get back into the $5 billion kind of pretax income range that you
talk about as being almost a baseline earnings number. Is there anything that
the team can do to offset this higher fuel right now? Because it just seems
like maybe some of the domestic capacity out there in the schedules might keep a
little bit of a lid on pricing? So is there anything that you can do accelerate
on the cost side to help try to get back towards that $5 billion number?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thanks. The answer, of course,
is yes. I think we can talk about those things. We're just talking first about
kind of what's going on here and what it does to earnings. The reality is --
I'll start with this. At this level of fuel price, I'm highly confident
American Airlines could produce $5 billion of pretax earnings, not right now.
But what I'm getting at is these fuel price increases is -- one of the reasons
it happened very quickly, and it takes some time to -- for what's required to
get to react to that to take place, a lot of which is capacity changes as you
know. So anyway, the facts of these, since last summer, oil prices have
increased over 60%. That's a big increase over a short period of time. And the
last 12% of that's happened in the last 2 weeks. So that kind of an increase is
going to have a material -- is going to have an impact on airline financials,
and you don't see the impact in revenues as that happens. The way revenues
respond, of course, is through either higher fares, higher revenue appraise, as
you know. So that's what I think. And look, the one good thing, I guess, about
higher fuel prices is it affects everybody. We all end up in the industry
needing to pay for fuel, of course. And as it increases, all of our costs
increase. And indeed, the lower-cost carriers costs increase at a greater rate.
That's because their cost increase, of course, has nothing to do with fuel
prices. It's all about having a lesser product and about paying people less. So
as fuel prices increase, their costs increase at a greater rate, greater than
rest of us. And the good news on that is those are the carriers that are
growing the fastest, and those are the carriers that are the price leaders. So
again, none of that's happened yet. We don't see it yet. But my strong view is
that a business where fuel prices are going to stay for an extended period of
time, you'll see those types of things respond. Back to your $5 billion number,
our number, what we believe kind of steady-state pretax earnings for this
business are -- in a normal year are the numbers Derek just gave you. Obviously,
we don't always meet that number, but if our -- if we had simply the same fuel
price in 2018 forecast that 2017 was, Derek told you $2.3 billion of higher
fuel, some of that is a higher number of gallons but a very small amount.

DEREK J. KERR: $.3 billion of the $2.3 billion.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: $2 billion of the increase in our
fuel price estimate for 2018 is driven entirely by higher prices. So if indeed
that hadn't happened, [and our take on it is] I'm not suggesting revenues
wouldn't be somewhat different if fuel prices were exactly the same, but we --
you all would have numbers that average over $5 billion in 2018 earnings. So
that's what's going on. Fuel prices have risen very quickly, and it takes time
to adapt. I view that as a near-term problem, not a long-term problem, one that
will get addressed in the long term, one that the industry can certainly handle
over time, but it doesn't happen immediately. And it's just like when oil
prices fell precipitously, whenever it was, 3 or 4 years ago, and you saw
earnings increase only to have capacity start to come in and then revenues to
fall. I suspect as it goes back up like this, there's a lag effect as well. So
finally, to your question, what can we do about it, our -- the main thing is we
certain -- look, we're doing everything we can on costs. And we'll -- if there
was more than what we thought made sense, we would have done it already. We
don't have anything that says now that fuel prices are higher, let's stop doing
something that didn't make sense before. We're already going after it. So I
don't want to lead you to believe that we would go and increase or be able to
reduce other costs in some material fashion. We'll certainly go do a re-look to
make sure there's nothing out there that we can't do even faster, as Derek
described. The way you deal with this primarily is on the revenue side. As our
cost of production goes up, the cost of travel should go up in some way. We're
not the price leaders in a lot of markets. So we'll see what happens. But none
of the forecasts that you -- that we talk about anticipates that. So we'll see.
But it would certainly seem logically to see over time. And you see in our
capacity guidance, no change in the last capacity guidance. That's because as
we look out first off in the very near term, right into the peak summer
schedule, it's definitely not in our shareholders' best interest for us to be
reducing capacity as we head into the best part of the year. But as we look
beyond that, we will certainly take a look at whether or not -- again, assuming
fuel prices stay at this level, what is the right level of capacity. And in our
case, we're growing less than the others. So there's -- I'm not suggesting that
-- I mean we adjust as well, but certainly, when you're talking about having
less growth, those that are growing the less -- growing the least have less
ability to make a large difference. But we certainly will look at ours, make
sure that things like utilization, flying, yes -- that we've been adding in if
still makes much sense and look at the fleet as well. So that's where the real
leverage is, is in the capacity. And I do believe, as we move forward, if
indeed this is the steady-state level of the fuel prices, you'll see less
capacity growth that people are talking about right now.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Jamie Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm not sure who
wants to take this, but why shouldn't the ancillary revenue line also include
revenue associated with domestic fuel surcharges? I mean, I get that they're
not committed at the moment, but what I don't understand is why the industry
isn't pushing to change this. Airlines want to be compared to other
high-quality industrial transports, at least I think they do. But those
companies are permitted to levy fuel surcharges. You kickstarted the industry
consolidation. I mean, why isn't this another area where American can take a
leadership position?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We're all looking at each other. Who
wants to answer this?

ROBERT D. ISOM: It's just at the end of the day, it all hits
the customer, and so it's a matter of being competitive in our offering. And so
we're conscious of that. And we've got to be and sure that we're incredibly
competitive in terms of the pricing that we offer, all-in.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. And Jamie, look, I could be
wrong on this, but I don't think it can make any difference in the actual
price. That's what it implies. It would just be a delineation and one that we'd
need to be moving around fuel prices. The right answer is to price your product
in line with your cost of production. And whether or not it's played as a fuel
surcharge or not, as Robert says, the cost -- what matters is what the
customer's willing to bear. And we should -- again, certainly, we should all
work to set our prices accordingly. We can't...

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: But don't you think that the pace of
revenue recovery would be hastened, it would be faster if surcharge mechanisms
were in place?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. I don't know. I guess, it's a
fair question, but I don't think it's material. I don't think it could have a
material impact on revenues over time, and so it's not something that we've
been pushing for.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. And second for Robert. Low-cost
carriers have announced capacity reductions for next year, which most of them
have. They're still growing, but at a retarded rate. In your mind, is this
evidence that Basic Economy is having an impact? I mean, ULCC has, obviously,
disagrees with that, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they're right. Do
you have any opinion on this?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Whether Basic economy is affecting
the ULCCs?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: And whether that potentially lies at
the root of their decision to reduce capacity next year.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Jamie, we can't talk about why
others may or may not change their capacity. If you're asking about whether we
think -- if you asked me whether we think the Basic Economy price impact on
ULCCs, of course, it is. Well -- but prior to Basic Economy, we were matching
them across the board, so -- and that was having an impact. The real impact on
Basic Economy that continues, but we can actually -- we have a product out
there for those customers who don't want to purchase that product, where they
can pay a little more and have a more -- a slightly improved product or largely
improved products. So anyway, that's helped us more than them. What is impact
on the ULCCs, I would imagine, is the fact that American and other airlines
have dedicated themselves to making sure we're going to be competitive on price
for -- at any fare level they choose to go to.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Robert, just on the 15
extra gates at DFW, can you just talk about what that means for Phoenix going
forward? It would seem like those 15 gates could accommodate a lot of the
flying being done through Phoenix. So how should we think about that?

ROBERT D. ISOM: At least right now, I'd tell you, the 2
aren't connected. We know that we have profitable opportunities in the long run
in DFW. And these additional gates, which I think are going to create a nice
regional opportunity and, thereby, also create some -- free up some capacity
for other mainline aircraft as well. I think it creates a nice opportunity for
the growth that we do have it in the future. And as we take a look whether it's
DFW or Charlotte, those are great opportunities for us to build on our strategy
that we've outlined -- which is to make sure that our network is focused on our
hubs and gateways and that we expand in the places where we have the greatest
competitive advantage. And right now that is absolutely focused on DFW and
Charlotte.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Let me say that Phoenix is doing
well relative to other hub performance basis, and that is performing nicely. So
we have nothing about that mix I think we should do -- we should be doing
anything with the Phoenix hub other than continuing to do much like it's doing
today. We just think there's opportunities to doing more in Dallas and
Charlotte.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then Robert, you've
mentioned before that you view the loyalty program and kind of selling miles as
another distribution channel that the airline has. It would seem like a very
good one, just given how opaque it can be. So I guess my question is, why not
use it more? I get these e-mails offering to sell me miles pretty frequently.
It's always a horrible exchange rate. I don't understand anyone -- why anyone
would buy those miles. Why not offer consumers a fair rate to get their dollars
into your ecosystem and kind of leverage that distribution channel more
effectively?

ROBERT D. ISOM: We think that we're using the channel and
the program appropriately. It's designed to attract and retain customers, and
then a tremendous amount of utility is offered by expanding through the
relationships that we've been able to establish with the co-brand cards and
other partners. We look for opportunities, but we think we're making smart
decisions. And in the areas that we see growth, especially with the co-brand
cards, we think we're doing the right thing and are really confident in
enhancements in those products that we see coming throughout the rest of this
year and beyond.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I realize that this might be a
timing issue. And if it is, you can please tell me that. But can you help me
understand the rationale for lowering the earnings guide on fuel and then not
concurrently at the same time reducing some of that incrementally unproductive
capacity? Or is it just sort of like a timing mismatch between the reporting
cycle and capacity planning?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thank you. That's a good
question, and I'll tried to answer -- I think I'll do better now that it's a
more direct question. The answer is yes, we -- yes, we -- look, just yesterday,
as we get ready for earnings go and set a new fuel price, and it's gone up from
the 2 weeks we last did it enough that -- again, like 12% since the -- in the
last 2 weeks. So that led to the EPS guide. And we hadn't yet made the
decisions on capacity that I talked about. But there won't be any, by the way,
[higher] for the summer, nor should there be. So to the extent there are going
to be any, we'll look to do it as we start to build our fall schedule, and we
don't have anything to report on that yet. So does it mean that we're -- you
should expect that if fuel prices stay here, we won't make changes. But also,
there's nothing for us to tell you right now [so it doesn't.]

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. And then Derek, couple of years ago
on one of these calls, you said we should expect roughly flat interest expense
over the next 5 years. But since then, your margins and earnings have been cut
in half. Is there a thought -- basically cut in half. Is a thought to
redressing that view now that sort of the margin for error above the line is so
much thinner?

DEREK J. KERR: No, go ahead.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Derek said no, then I'll provide
some color, which is -- I mean, part and parcel of that, Jamie is -- Hunter,
whoever you are -- I'm sorry, yes. I'm sorry, Hunter. So anyway, the -- look,
the question, of course, if you're asking lower interest expense is about
(inaudible), and we feel really comfortable with our capital structure in good
or bad times, that's why we have it set this way. The way we protect against
bad times is by carrying a whole lot of cash, and we continue to do so. More
than our competitors. We don't think the right thing for our shareholders is to
go pay down incredibly efficient debt and which is what we have right now.
We're paying down -- we pay down debt and have paid down all the higher cost
debt but the debt we're adding now is tied to -- and other point I would make,
of course, is we have much higher asset values than our other competitors
because of the new aircraft. So there's a reason for the higher debt, and it's
financed at really good rates. We think it's in the best interest of our
shareholders to make sure that we avail ourselves at those rates certainly much
lower than the cost of equity. And do so -- and then to protect ourselves
against any sort of downturn by holding more cash than others, we like that
structure. We think it's best for our shareholders, and we think it's best for
American and our team.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan
Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Doug, not to beat you up on the fuel and capacity question, but you
make a pretty compelling argument about higher fuel leading to lower capacity.
But how do you reconcile that with the last year, where we've actually seen the
opposite -- lower, high -- we had lower capacity and now higher capacity, as
fuel has moved up? And help me out with that.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'll try. To be clear, when I said
the capacity would adjust to higher fuel prices over time, I don't think
they'll be less capacity. I think there will be less capacity than there would
have been otherwise. So it's hard to know what would have happen to capacity,
had fuel prices stayed where they were. But I do believe -- but I would
certainly agree with you, as fuel prices had risen, even through the back half
of last year, I don't think you saw changes in people's capacity adjustment. My
own personal view on that is, it ramped pretty quickly, and I don't know that
everyone really believed that we're going to stay there. So if you're going to
make capacity adjustments or -- a lot, requires some belief that out in the
future, and I think the belief out in the future about oil prices was probably
one of -- well, they ran up in a hurry, but there are a lot of fundamental
reasons why you could go back to where it'd been for the last few years. If
indeed -- now we see they just continue to grow. I can tell you, I think --
from our perspective and, therefore, I imagine for almost everyone, it leads
you start questioning whether or not this is where we're going to be. If this
is where we are, then there need to be adjustments. So that's what I think. I
need you're going to see -- I think you're going to see changes that ran up in
the back half of last year, largely because it was unclear as to whether or not
that was the new normal. This is feeling somewhat more like the new normal. So
we need to adjust our business plans accordingly.

RAJEEV LALWANI: That's helpful, Doug. And another question
for you. Historically, you've done a pretty good job of taking advantage of the
volatility in your stock, and you've even showed that in some of your
presentations. And we have seen that again more recently with the weakness in
your stock. I mean, would you consider doing what you did before, which is sort
of lever up, buyback your stock and sort of take advantage of these
dislocations, if you will? Or do you feel like leverage is a bit full now
relative to where you want it to be, maybe that's a question for Derek as well.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: First of all, to be clear, I
wouldn't describe what we do is levering up to our stock. It is not what we
did. We increased the debt on the company, and as we acquired new long-life
assets, which were aircraft, and we did that at really efficient rates. So --
and at the same time, we had after earnings and making sure we're taking care
of our team and taking care of the exceptional amount of pent-up demand for
capital in this airline and after making sure we paid off all of our high-cost
debt to the extent we still had cash in excess of what we thought was the
extremely high level that we like to keep, we did of course what we always do,
which is return it to our shareholders, and that remains the commitment. So to
the extent we have cash over and above what we believe the minimum is, having
done all those other things, we'll continue to return it to our shareholders,
in which we really -- we try very hard to do it in an intelligent way. And
there is no doubt that where the stock is today, it looks like a nice buying
opportunity for American Airlines' shareholders.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So not to belabor this point, Doug, but
can you talk about at that target earnings level that you guys have put out
there, like what kind of macro assumptions should we be assuming in the
economy? And first, assuming a stronger economy, shouldn't we also have baked
in higher fuel prices looking back when you set those targets?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'm sorry. Can you repeat them, I
missed all of it?

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: What -- I guess, what are you
assuming underlying in the economy to hit your target earnings level? And
shouldn't that also be associated with higher fuel prices? I mean economic
growth and higher energy costs kind of go hand-in-hand, right?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, perhaps. Look, as we got --
this may take a little longer than you wanted. All right. I've got to separate
the $3 billion/$5 billion/$7billion from like a near-term forecast versus what
it really is. So what we have said and continue to say and continue to believe
is that we have an airline that has steady-state earnings potential at the
current size of about $5 billion pretax per year. We believe that for about the
time of the merger, it's been true. In some years, not true. In the last couple
of years that we made that, made that or more. We continue to believe that's a
good number. We believe in it so much, that's how we set our annual incentive
compensation for the executives at American Airlines. So if we make $5 billion
pretax, then we have target bonuses for the team. If it's less than that, we
pay less. If it's below $3 billion, there's no bonus. So if it's high as $7
billion, it's a maximum bonus. Those are not -- not just statements we make.
Those are -- that's how we compensate ourselves because that's what we believe.
So then you ask -- I think what you asked was, well, gee, didn't your
projections have higher fuel prices in it? We didn't go make that -- we didn't
go set that number based on projections of any given year. That's a -- those
are -- that's a number again that we say should be true in kind of a
steady-state year. So I guess the better -- I prefer to answer the question
this way, which is -- well then why isn't 2018 a steady-state year because you
just gave give us earnings guidance lower than that? What I would tell you is
it's because fuel price alone is driving $2 billion higher expenses in 2018
than in 2017, a year when we made $4 billion. So that is what's driving us to
not have 2018 currently forecast as one of those years. It's the increase in
fuel prices year-over-year. And I do believe, as I said at the outset, that we
have an airline that can make $5 billion at $75 a barrel of oil. That's not the
issue. This is a short-term -- a more near-term issue. It's happening so fast
and going up so quickly. So if the earnings stayed at this level, we still
believe we have an airline that will make $5 billion in steady-state times.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: I appreciate that. And then you
guys laid out a lot of commercial initiatives at the Analyst Day last year. I
mean, can you tell us where you're seeing the most traction right now across
all of the new product offerings in the presentation?

ROBERT D. ISOM: So yes, this is exciting for us because there's
still so much to come, and we've really accomplished a lot. So Don and I have
talked about where we stand with Basic Economy. We think that there's still
more room to go there. We've obviously expanded recently into the Atlantic and
Mexico and Caribbean. But it's not quite as broad as we think it will be.
Premium Economy is really just getting started. We now have, as I mentioned, 81
aircraft in -- with Premium Economy seats and offering it. So it's really
getting started. We won't be done with the fit-out of all of our aircraft until
May of next year, but we'll have a sizable chunk out there and selling. And as
we said, we're seeing great traction on that, and we're seeing fares that are
basically double the main cabin fare, which is great. I'll let Don talk about,
a little bit more about revenue management initiatives that we've seen. But
then the other things that we laid out at Investor Day were along the lines of
making sure our network is producing everything that it can. And we've made
good progress, but we're probably only 1/4 to 1/3 of the way through where we
think that, that will ultimately lead us. You know about the investment that
we've made with our sales team and making sure that we're really aggressive out
in the marketplace. Good traction there, but still really only just getting
started. Frequent flyer programs and the work with our co-brand card, about
half of the way through on that front which is great progress. And then we
haven't even started yet on the seat harmonization work that we talked about,
and that is putting new seats on our 737-300 -- 737-800 fleet and then also
making sure that we have common cabin configurations throughout the rest of our
fleet types. That has not even started. And so we think that there is nearly
$500 million of benefit that we'll see over the next few years as those
installations progress. Don?

DONALD B. CASEY: It's Don. On the really major front, we
made our first kind of major enhancement to our kind of coach cabin new
management system that we put in place in the middle of 2015, and we put that
in place late last year. And just this month, we moved our premium cabin
controls to mid-price controls which is going to enable the system to make much
better network decisions at the individual flight level. As Robert mentioned,
we had outlined $2.9 billion of revenue initiatives. Everything is on track,
and people should really focus and also be aware that 60% of that benefits is
going to improve in the '19 -- through '19 to '21.

OPERATOR: We'll go next at Duane Pfennigwerth with Evercore
ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD & FUNDAMENTAL
RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH DIVISION: I may have missed it in the
commentary, but can you talk about what the implied domestic RASM is, if you
see that positive in the second quarter? And then as my follow-up, United
rolled out Basic Economy, I think, in May of last year pretty aggressively and
a bit earlier than you did. It felt like there was some share shift positively
to you. Do you -- can quantify what that impact was in the second and third
quarters?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Sure. So first of all, just in terms of
domestic performance, as we look forward into the second quarter, we still
expect our domestic unit revenue to be positive as we look over the second
quarter. This will be the seventh consecutive quarter of positive [unit]
revenue growth. Basic Economy will be the part of that. We rolled it out in
September, so we're continuing to get the benefit of that as we go through the
second and third quarters this year. To be honest with you, we did not see a
large impact related to United's rollout of Basic Economy. They did
aggressively [roll out a lower fare airliner when we] rolled out in May. But by
the time they got through end of June, they had to have reverse that. And so we
saw little bit of benefit in the second quarter, very little in the third
quarter, and so we don't see that as a material year-over-year impact when we
look at our own results.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Michael Linenberg with Deutsche
Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 here. One for Derek. The
cancellation of the A350 order, where does that show -- or where -- does that
show up in your numbers? Or will it show up in things like equipment, purchase
deposits? Should we see an impact on the balance sheet?

DEREK J. KERR: No, you won't see any impact there. We can't
talk about what we did to do that, but it's a very small portion. We had some
PDPs that were out for that and we could use those for other things. So that's
the -- the biggest thing is no return of PDPs that we had.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And then just a second
question to -- Robert, you brought this up and maybe Don can help answer. But when
you talked about strong or good close in performance in the March quarter, I
know you mentioned Premium or corporate -- but I think you also mentioned Basic
Economy in the same sentence. Was that -- so Basic Economy driving close in,
was that part of it? Or did I not hear correctly?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, this is Don. Yes, so our Basic Economy
helps close in revenue because many of our corporate customers are not buying
Basic Economy, and they're buying up to higher fares, where they were being
able to buy at the Basic Economy level, before we had that Basic Economy
product. So part of our kind of strong year-over-year PRASM performance [going
to be -- have within it the] 7-days departure is related to Basic Economy.

DANIEL CRAVENS: Operator, let's go to media.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll go to Leslie Josephs
with CNBC.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: On the fuel costs, I see some
carrier-imposed charges already. Are fuel surcharges included in that? And do
you see that expanding to other markets? I know you can't for domestic, but for
some other ones.

ROBERT D. ISOM: We'll just have to see. I mean we're not
going to comment on forward pricing. It's just going to have to -- we'll see
what happens with that.

LESLIE JOSEPHS: Okay. And then just on the Basic Economy, do
you see that moving to other markets, too? And if so, where?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Right now, as you know, we've recently
rolled out into the Atlantic, and we're going to see how it does there. And we
do think that there's opportunity elsewhere, and it will just take time to see.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to John Biers with AFP Capital.

JOHN BIERS: John Biers with Agence France-Presse actually.
My question is you guys talked a lot about higher fuel costs. I wondered we've
been hearing from some other companies -- first of all, do you expect
ultimately at the end of the day that, that will result in -- if they stay
high, if fuel prices stay high that will result in overall higher fares by
consumers, maybe it's not tomorrow but in the coming months? That's kind of my
first question. And then second, I would say we've heard some from other
companies about just, in general, about cost inflation on materials. I wondered
if you had encountered that in, for example, you're talking with aerospace
companies, about building the new planes. Is that something you're hearing a
lot about in general is inflation -- do you think inflation in general is
affecting things out there?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, okay. On the first one, look,
oil is our second largest expense and a material amount of our total expenses.
So when it increases, the cost of air travel increases. And so I do believe
that consumers will pay more, not so much, but they all affect demand in a
material way. But that's what happens in most businesses, as you referenced.
With your next question, as the cost of production goes up, then indeed, the
cost of the product generally follows. So if indeed, this is where fuel prices
are going to stay, I would expect you would see higher fares to consumers over
time. On the second one, Robert, you take that.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes. On the second one, yes, the answer is
we're constantly engaged with aircraft manufacturers, engine manufacturers, all
suppliers and partners to find new and better ways to work. And so whether that's
aircraft design and work on fuel burn on aircraft and reducing weight and
making things easier to maintain and service, those are all things that we work
on all the time.

OPERATOR: And at this time there are no further questions. I
will turn the call back to management for further comments.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: All right. Thank you very much, and
thank you all for your interest. As always, if you have additional -- you have
any questions, you can contact Dan Cravens. Media has any questions, contact
corporate communications. We appreciate your interest. Thanks.

OPERATOR: This does concludes today's conference. We thank
you for your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in
the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042618a11477654.754










 EXECUTIVES (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%);
MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (77%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%); PRESS RELEASES (71%);
CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (69%); PRICES (68%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (70%);

MORGAN STANLEY (56%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (83%);
DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); MS (NYSE)
(56%)










 AIRLINES (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (78%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (72%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (69%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 May 3, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
25, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 11114 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

* Derek J. Kerr

. - CFO and EVP

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Maya Leibman

. - Chief Information Officer &
Executive VP

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD &
Fundamental Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Alana Weiss

* Conor Shine

* Mary Schlangenstein

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded.
(Operator Instructions) And now, I'd like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go
ahead, sir.

DANIEL CRAVENS: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone,
and welcome to the American Airlines Group fourth quarter 2017 earnings
conference call. In the room with us this morning is Doug Parker, our Chairman
and CEO; Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer.
Also in the room with us for our Q&A session is Elise Eberwein, our EVP of
People and Communications; Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer; Steve
Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey, our Senior Vice President
of Revenue Management.

We're going to start the call today with Doug, and he'll
provide an overview of financial results. Derek will then walk us through the
details on the fourth quarter and provide some additional information on our
2018 guidance. Robert will then follow with commentary on the operational
performance and revenue environment. And then after we hear from those
comments, we'll open the call for analysts' questions and, lastly, questions
from the media. (Operator Instructions)

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs; forecast of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans and
fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results
to differ from those projected. Information about some of those risks and
uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this morning
and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM, excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings release, and that can be found on our website at
aa.com.

A webcast of this call will also be archived on our website.
The information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we
undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

Thanks, again, for joining us. And at this point, we'll turn
the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Thanks to everybody for being on. 2017 was a
great year for American Airlines from a financial perspective. As we announced
this morning, we made, excluding special items, $3.8 billion pretax. That's
$2.4 billion after tax or $4.88 a share. In terms of accomplishments, the teams
did a phenomenal job through sometimes difficult circumstances. We -- in
regards to creating a world-class customer experience, we produced
record-setting operational reliability at American. We did that where we
continued the most aggressive and successful aircraft modernization program in
the history of commercial aviation. We've introduced the best lounge product
ever created by a U.S. carrier with Flagship Lounges in Miami, LAX, JFK and
improvements in Chicago. We successfully rolled out our basic and Premium
Economy products. We expanded our network, where we have strategic advantage,
which is in and out of our hubs. And it's all working. Our customer service --
or customer survey data on likelihood to recommend is the highest in American
Airlines' history, and our year-over-year growth in unit revenue was
industry-leading. As to making culture a competitive advantage, we started the
year by giving each team member 2 round-trip positive space tickets in
appreciation of their work, and allowing American Airlines to win the Air
Transport World Airline of the Year award, the first time American won that
since 1988. We ensured our team member pay remain competitive through
initiatives, such as the unilateral mid-contract pay adjustment for pilots and
flight attendants. We invested several hundred million dollars in team member
facilities throughout the system as well as equipment improvements. We've
brought some maintenance work back in-house. We launched the first team member
survey in over a decade and then we ended the year by sharing the long-term
benefits of the recent Tax Cuts and Job Acts (sic) [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act] by
issuing $1,000 payments to all of our non-officer team members. All that added
up to ensuring -- to helping us ensure some long-term financial strength. We
returned $1.7 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. The
total since 2014 now is $11.4 billion. We announced $3.9 billion in revenue and
cost initiatives expected to be realized by the end of 2021. And then finally,
and in terms of thinking forward and leading forward, we formed a strategic
alliance with China Southern, we strengthened our relationship with our other
key global partners. We made important advancements in next-generation
technology, and we improved our long-term strategic positioning in critical
airports like LAX and Chicago. So we are extremely proud of what our team
accomplished and our 120,000 team members, who made it happen. We enter 2018
with great momentum, and we are bullish about our future.

So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek, who will give
you some more detail on the financials, and then we'll go to Robert with some
more color on the revenue and the operations performance. Derek?

DEREK J. KERR, CFO AND EVP, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everybody. Before I begin, I'd like to thank our
team members for the great job they did in 2017 taking care of our customers.
Our company continues to take great strides forward, and the progress we made
is entirely due to their efforts.

We filed our fourth quarter and full year earnings press
release this morning. In that release, our fourth quarter 2017 GAAP net profit
was $258 million or $0.54 per diluted share, down $31 million from our fourth
quarter 2016 GAAP net profit of $289 million. On a full year basis, our GAAP
net profit for 2017 was $1.9 billion or $3.90 per diluted share compared to our
2016 GAAP net profit of $2.7 billion. Excluding net special items, we reported
a net profit of $455 million in the fourth quarter 2017 versus our fourth
quarter 2016 net profit excluding special items of $475 million.

Our diluted earnings per share, excluding net special items,
were $0.95 per share, which was up 3.5% from $0.92 per diluted share that we
had in the fourth quarter of 2016.

For the full year, our 2017 net income, excluding special
items, was $2.4 billion or $4.88 per diluted share versus 2016 at $3.2 billion
or $5.71 per diluted share. On a pretax basis, our GAAP fourth quarter 2017
pretax profit was $425 million. Excluding net special items, our fourth quarter
pretax profit was $739 million, resulting in a pretax margin of 7%. For the
full year, our GAAP pretax profit is $3.1 billion. If we exclude special items,
the number is $3.8 billion and a pretax margin of 9.1%. For the sixth
consecutive quarter, our fourth quarter revenue performance led the industry.
Total operating revenues were up 3-point -- or excuse me, 8.3% year-over-year
to $10.6 billion. Passenger revenues were up 8.1% to $9 billion, primarily driven
by a 4.4% yield improvement. Our cargo team continues to produce great results.
Cargo revenues were up 19.7% to $232 million in the fourth quarter due in part
to a 12.2% increase in volume. Other operating revenues were $1.3 billion, up
8.1% year-over-year, primarily driven by higher bag fees and frequent flyer
revenue.

Total GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2017
were $9.9 billion, up 9.8% versus the same period last year. This increase was
driven by higher consolidated fuel expense, which was up 23.5%, higher salaries
and benefits expenses as a result of the mid-contract base pay increase given
to our pilots and flight attendants in April 2017 and higher revenue-related
expenses and depreciation. As a result, consolidated CASM was $0.1471, up 7.1%
year-over-year, and our consolidated CASM ex fuel and special items was
$0.1125, up 3.8% year-over-year due primarily to the expense increases I just
mentioned.

We ended the year with approximately $7.6 billion in total
available liquidity, comprised of cash and investments of $5.1 billion and $2.5
billion in undrawn revolver capacity. The company also had a restricted cash
position of $318 million. Our treasury team continued to be busy in the fourth
quarter, completing 5 aircraft mortgages and 2 sale leaseback transactions. In
tradition, we successfully repriced 2 term loans, bringing our entire term loan
performance portfolio to an industry-leading rate of 200 basis points over
LIBOR. All of these transactions helped contribute to the long-term financial
strength of American.

During the fourth quarter, the company made dividend
payments of $48 million and repurchased 4.6 million shares at a cost of $227
million. Total capital return to shareholders in 2017 was $1.7 billion, $1.6
billion in share repurchases and $200 million in dividends. And since mid-2014,
as Doug said, our total is $11.3 billion of capital returned to shareholders.
As a result of these repurchases, our share count outstanding as of December
31, 2017, was 475.5 million, a reduction of 37% from the merger closed in
December 2013.

In addition to our earnings release, we also filed our
investor update this morning. As discussed at our Investor Day in September, we
will now provide guidance on a consolidated basis and longer-term CASM, CapEx
and fleet guidance. We also disclosed in our update that due to the adoption of
new accounting standards on January 1, 2018 relating to revenue recognition, as
well as the income statement classification of certain pension and benefit
costs, we would provide recast numbers for 2017 reflecting those changes. Under
the new revenue standard, our 2017 pretax income will receive a noncash benefit
of $311 million. The reclassification of certain pension and benefit costs
resulted in a net $138 million gain moving from operating to nonoperating
expense and has no effect on the 2017 pretax income. The recast financial
statements are included along with the investor update we filed as an 8-K this
morning and should be used as a baseline for your models.

We continue to expect our 2018 capacity to be up
approximately 2.5% on a schedule-over-schedule basis, which is consistent with
guidance provided on our third quarter 2017 earnings call and in line with
anticipated GDP growth. The hurricanes that hit Florida and the Caribbean last
September, which resulted in more than 8,000 flight cancellations, is expected
to add approximately 50 basis points to this guidance on a schedule-over-actual
basis. The full-year growth is driven by an increase in utilization of about 2
points, completion factor increase of about 0.5 point and gauge of about 0.5
point. By region, we expect 2018 system capacity to be up approximately 3%,
both domestically and internationally. By quarter, we expect first quarter
consolidated capacity to be up 66.2 billion ASMs, second quarter to be 73.4
billion ASMs, third quarter 76 billion ASMs and the fourth quarter to be 69.1
billion ASMs. As discussed at our Investor Day and reiterated on our third
quarter 2017 earnings call, we continue to anticipate that our unit cost growth
rates will trend lower throughout the year, and expect 2018 full-year, non-fuel
CASM to increase by approximately 2%, excluding the impact of any new labor
agreements. This guidance includes approximately $250 million of cost reductions
from our One Airline initiative, which is $50 million higher than we had
outlined at our Investor Day. We expect our first quarter consolidated CASM,
excluding special -- fuel and special items, to be up approximately 3% to 5% on
a year-over-year basis, with the increase driven in part by the rate increases
given to our pilots and flight attendants last April, which is not in our 2017
first-quarter base; higher depreciation and amortization; increases in
revenue-related expenses; and increases in rent and landing fees. For the
remainder of the year, we expect our CASM growth to trend lower. In the second
quarter, CASM was up 1.5% to 3.5%; third quarter, 0.5% to 2.5%; and fourth
quarter will be up approximately 0 to 2% versus 2017.

Based on the forward curve as of January 22, we are
forecasting a 24.1% year-over-year increase in consolidated fuel expense in
2018 or about $1.8 billion year-over-year. We anticipate paying between $2.06
to $2.11 per gallon for the year. By quarter, in the first, it's $2.07 to
$2.12; second quarter, $2.07 to $2.12 also in the second quarter; in the third
quarter, $2.06 to $2.11; and in the fourth quarter, $2.03 to $2.08. Following
the passing of the recent Tax Cuts and Job Act (sic) [Tax Cuts and Jobs Act],
our book tax rate has been reduced from approximately 38% to approximately 24%.
As a result of tax reform, the company recorded a special noncash tax benefit
of $7 million to reflect the impact of the lower rate on our deferred tax
accounts. In addition, under the new law, we expect to receive cash tax refunds
of approximately $170 million in both 2019 and 2020 related to the repeal of
the corporate alternative minimum tax. While we currently do not pay federal
cash income taxes, the new law will substantially reduce the company's tax bill
in the future when we do become a tax -- cash taxpayer, which will be a
significant benefit for all of our American stakeholders. Robert will talk more
about our first quarter 2018 TRASM forecast increase of 2% or 4%. But when we
combine the cost guidance we just gave, we expect the first quarter 2018 pretax
margin, excluding special items, to be between 2% and 4%. In addition, we also
are providing long-term earnings per share guidance at this point. We expect
our 2018 earnings per diluted share to be between $5.50 to $6.50, and we will
intend to tighten that range as the year progresses. Our capital plans for 2018
include a decline in spending from previous years due primarily to lower
aircraft CapEx. Our fleet renewal program will continue in 2018, but at a much
slower rate. For the full year, we expect gross CapEx to total $1.8 billion as
compared to $4.1 billion in 2017. This includes the delivery of 22 mainline and
5 regional aircraft. These will replace older super 80s, -8s and CRJ-200
aircraft. We also expect to commit $1.8 billion in non-aircraft CapEx to
continue the merger integration and complete projects to improve our product
and operations, such as narrowbody retrofit programs, the ongoing installation
of Premium Economy on our widebody aircraft and improvement in our clubs and
new campus facilities.

With respect to our pensions, on our last call, I had
estimated that our 2018 pension contribution would be approximately $780
million, which will fund our pensions to 80%. However, in 2017, our pension
assets had strong investment performance. And as a result, we now expect to
make pension contributions of only $465 million in 2018 to reach that 80%
funded level. This amount is significantly more than the minimum required
contribution of approximately $35 million in 2018.

So in conclusion, I'd like to once again congratulate our
entire team for another excellent year, and thank them for getting our
customers where they need to go safely and on time.

With that, I will turn the call over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek, and good morning, everybody. Before I begin my remarks, I'd like
to echo what both Doug and Derek said and thank our entire team for taking care
of our customers throughout the year. They worked through hot temperatures,
cold temperatures, rain, snow, ice, hurricanes and even earthquakes, and
demonstrated to the world what teamwork at American Airlines is all about. So
from all of us, I'd like to offer our sincere thank you for a great year.

In 2017, we worked hard to validate the trust placed in us
by our customers, team members and shareholders. Our efforts were focused on
key areas that would help us earn and maintain that trust, such as improved
reliability and revenue performance, service to important new markets, customer
experience enhancements and improved team member relations. As we look at our
operations, the investments we made in prior years are starting to pay off. We
reduced schedule churn, implemented airport service management tools at key
hubs, brought innovative automation tools online and enhanced our maintenance
processes. All of these changes are evident in our operating stats, as our
performance was significantly better in 2017 versus 2016. In 2017, we posted
our best full-year results in on-time departures, on-time arrivals and baggage
handling since our merger closed in 2013. Our completion factor would have set
records, too, but was significantly impacted by the back-to-back-to-back
hurricanes in September that impacted the Caribbean and Southeast United
States. In November, we set records in each of the core metrics and, equally
important, our operational performance during the peak summer and holiday
periods were significantly improved versus 2016. Our full year 2017 revenue
performance finished well ahead of 2016, with a 3.9% year-over-year TRASM
improvement. Our investments in our product and our team members, together with
highly effective marketplace execution across all commercial areas, set us
apart as we outperform the industry in every quarter during 2017. We continue
to innovate in revenue management with our focus on the premium cabin, which
delivered a full 2 points to system unit revenue improvement. We attracted
nearly 24,000 new, small to medium-size corporate accounts through revitalized
sales efforts and investments, and saw improvements in our revenue share
premium to fair share in the business agency channel of 2.6 points. The
effective launch of our Basic Economy and Premium Economy products in 2017 were
well accepted by the marketplace, and we're looking forward to expanding those
products further in 2018 and beyond.

2017 also brought the highly anticipated opening of the
Flagship Lounges in JFK, Miami, Chicago, Los Angeles, which have been met with
enthusiastic reviews. Flagship Lounges will be added to DFW, Philadelphia,
London Heathrow in the future. We also opened new Admiral Club locations in
Orlando, Houston, Los Angeles Terminal 5 and Toronto, with refurbished clubs
opening in JFK, Chicago and Los Angeles Terminal 4. In 2017, we also introduced
several new customer service tools with Dynamic Reaccommodation, customer bag
notification, Notify All and a refreshed mobile app. All of those tools will
help to provide a smooth customer journey, both on the ground and the air.
We're also enhancing the customer experience in Main Cabin Extra. As we
announced in September, we'll be adding free drinks and easier-to-use overhead
bin space in Main Cabin Extra. The new placards will go onto the overhead bins
next week, and that free drink is coming in the spring.

On the fleet side, 2017 was the final year of our
accelerated fleet renewal program, where we inducted more than 400 mainline and
100 regional aircraft. We added an average of 97 aircraft per year from 2014 to
2017, but expect to only induct 27 aircraft in 2018.

We also made good progress on several projects that will
improve profitability, enhance the customer experience. The 777-200 retrofit
program, which involved updating the aircraft interiors, adding new IFE and
Wi-Fi, was completed in mid-2017. Premium Economy officially launched in early
May on the 787-9 aircraft, and customer response has been very positive. More
than half of the planned widebody fleet now features this highly differentiated
product, and all planned aircraft will have it installed by the fourth quarter
of this year. The 777-200 fleet -- the high-density 777-200 fleet and the
330-200s are fully installed, and work is underway on the 777-300 fleets as
well. In addition, the narrowbody satellite Wi-Fi project that we outlined at
the Investor Day in September commenced in the fourth quarter. And lastly, we
completed the mainline livery repainting project in the fourth quarter. So all
mainline aircraft that are planned to stay in the fleet have now been painted.

Turning to revenue. The demand environment continues to be
strong. Our fourth quarter consolidated PRASM was up 5.4%, and our fourth
quarter TRASM was up 5.6%, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of positive
unit revenue growth and the sixth consecutive quarter where we outpaced the
industry average growth rate. Improvement was broad-based with every entity in
a positive territory for the quarter. In fact, we closed out the year with
every entity with positive unit revenue growth for the entire year. We had
another quarter of strong performance in the corporate segment, and forward
outlook remains positive as our sales investments and initiatives continue to
take hold. Corporate revenue continued to improve quarter-over-quarter, ending
the fourth quarter 2017 with the highest year-over-year growth of the last 8
quarters. In the domestic, our consolidated PRASM was up 5.7%. We're able to
deliver both load factor and yield improvements with continually improving revenue
management execution in both the trough and peak periods. DFW and Phoenix led
the way in improved performance, but improvements were broad-based, with every
hub exhibiting unit revenue growth.

Our Latin America performance was very strong, with PRASM up
6.3%, notwithstanding Brazil unit revenue being flat year-over-year. The rest
of South America, the Caribbean and Central America all had double-digit
revenue -- unit revenue growth. Atlantic unit revenue was up 7.7%, the best
result we've seen since the merger. Improved execution of low-cost carrier
price-matching, together with strong premium cabin performance due to our
premium cabin initiatives were the primary drivers. And the U.K. led the way
with double-digit growth. Across the Pacific, PRASM was up 1.2% year-over-year,
in line with performance from previous quarters, while growing capacity by 7.5%
with the launch of Los Angeles to Beijing. Again, our strong premium cabin
performance made the material difference. Fourth quarter cargo revenue improved
19.7% year-over-year on both strong volume and yields, continuing a positive
trend that we've seen since the second half of 2016. We expect our
year-over-year TRASM to be up 2% to 4% in the first quarter. This will mark the
sixth quarter in a row of positive unit revenue growth. Consistent with 2017,
we expect all 4 entities to have positive unit revenue growth, led by Latin,
followed by Atlantic, then domestic and Pacific.

As we look to 2018, we continue to be encouraged with the
revenue environment, and are excited about what that means for American. Over
the past few years, we've made significant investments in our team, our product
and our operations. And those are all paying off. We're proud of what our team
has accomplished so far, and we look forward to the future. And with that, I'd
like to turn the call back over to the operator and begin our
question-and-answer session. Thank you.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first
question from Michael Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: 2 questions here. Just on the
guidance in the non-op area, it looks like you're getting a $300 million
benefit there. And it does look like, I guess, Republic's in there. Is some of
that, what, just with the pension? I know you've had a pension benefit that ran
through the P&L. Is that showing up in there? What's driving that number?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. That's all -- Mike, most of that is the
pension benefit. The Republic, since we're 25% ownership, we do have to use the
equity method of accounting, but that's a small portion. In '17, it was only
$14 million. So most of this is the pension credit, the $138 million coming
down to that bottom line.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. So that -- under the old
accounting, Derek, that pension piece would just have shown up in salary and
wage expense?

DEREK J. KERR: Correct. It would have been a credit to
salaries and wages.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, perfect. And then second
question, I really appreciate the fact that you guys are providing a fleet plan
all the way out to 2020. This is great. Curious on 2 things. It looks like the
A330-300s, do they go away? And I'm curious if they're going to be offset by
other widebodies. It looks like your widebody fleet actually shrinks in 2020.
Are we going to see international capacity down? And then the E190s also look
like they'd go away at the end of 2018. Am I reading that right?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I think 2 things to look at. I think
focus more on '18 and '19 because we know where we are on those 2. The plan is
to take the Embraer 190 fleet and the MD-80 fleet out by the end of '19, and
that's firm in the plan. We are working, from a widebody perspective, as we
talked about on the calls before, you see the A350s coming in, in 2020. We have
had conversations about that. Those would replace -- they're currently set to
replace A330-300s and other widebodies as they come in. We have talked about
that. We're working with Airbus and Boeing on other options from a widebody
perspective just to see where we go with that. So I think this can change out
in the farther years in 2020. I think the fleet plan over the time periods
should stay pretty flat. Right now, we have it going down a little bit in 2020
because this just represents the transactions that we have in place today and
that are firm, nothing other than that. So I would expect probably from an
aircraft standpoint, that the 951 we have at 2018 probably stays pretty flat in
that 940 to 950 range through 2020. And then the -- as we see on the regional
aircraft, we do stay within the 600 -- 590 to 600 range. So there'll be some
tweaks, and we'll continue to update you as we move forward on each of these,
but I would assume that the fleet stays pretty flat over the next 2 to 3 years.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Kevin
Crissey with Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Kind of an unusual question, I think, and
maybe it's for Derek or I'm not sure who should answer this. If we think about
the return on invested capital of the underlying airline, it's improved
significantly. And while cargo has improved in -- you mentioned that, how well
cargo is doing on a year-over-year basis, I wanted to get an understanding of
how cargo return on invested capital, fully allocated, compares to that of the
airline. Because my sense is, historically, is that it did -- hasn't had -- it
maybe was contributing when the airline was weaker, but it may be not be
meeting that standard now. So I wanted to understand how you think about
cargo's return relative to the airline.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Kevin, I'll start, and then Robert
can just give a more color, if he'd like, on the cargo business. But to try to
put a return on invested capital on the cargo business, which basically assumes
that capital is dedicated to the cargo business, is hard for us to do. We
invest in capital to fly people and cargo, and we invest in airplanes and a lot
more for people than for cargo. So you need to put them together. And it's
impossible. It really -- it's really difficult, and we certainly don't attempt
to put returns on just the cargo business. They come together when you acquire
the capital and aircraft. We certainly don't think there's enough return in
that business for an airline like American to go invest in freighters, for
example. That's someone else's business. But because we invest -- because we
do, do a really nice job of connecting people around the globe, we can indeed
fly around a lot of cargo. And again, that business is, as you noted and as we
noted, is picking up. Anything to add, Robert?

ROBERT D. ISOM: No, just that belly space on those aircraft
is going to be flying around no matter what we do. And the cool thing about the
fleet renewal program is that, as we take a look at 767s leaving the fleet and
bringing on things like 787s, the capacity that comes with that is really
helpful. So we're seeing benefit from that, both in the opportunity to put more
cargo on the planes. And at the end of the day, I'm really confident that the
profitability -- the marginal profitability of that product is well worth being
in the business.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: How is it that you determine the
appropriate pricing levels then for it if it's seen as like basically free
belly space?

ROBERT D. ISOM: It's free belly space. Of course, there's
equipment and people in that. And we price it to achieve -- and we're not going
to get into that today, but we price it to achieve what we consider a
significant margin, and a margin that, in many cases, exceeds what we would see
from aspects of our passenger revenue. We've got a great cargo team, led by
Rick Elieson, who's appointed earlier this past year, taking over from Jim
Butler. We're returning to levels of production that we really haven't seen
since 2014. And when you take a look at what we've actually produced over this
-- the last couple of quarters, it's both volume- and yield-based. So all good.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Doug, appreciate your leap of
faith on the earnings guide. I really do. But then I probably know the answer
to this, but was this the same EPS range that you expected to provide a couple
of days ago before United announced their little, let's just call it, ambitious
capacity plan?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up.
Does this include buybacks or no? I guess, it does, right?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: There's a range for a reason.
There's an EPS...

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, fine. And then, Robert, in the
opening remarks, it's funny, you cited effective LCC price matching as a
tailwind to your transatlantic RASM. It's funny, you're calling out price
matching as the reason your RASM was good. Can you -- if I wasn't
misinterpreting the comment, can you just elaborate on what you meant by that,
and maybe feel free to talk about that entire LCC transatlantic dynamic for a
second, too, while you're at it?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, I'm going to let Don start on that,
but -- go ahead.

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Sure, just in terms of price-matching. The industry ended up
much more comprehensively matching the Atlantic LCCs in October of 2016. So
we're kind of lapping the period where we started the matching. And over the
kind of intervening year, we've become, as we looked at the results, more
effective at where we match and how the yield management system views those
fares and when we're open and close. So this is really a benefit associated to
better execution, right, of a strategy that really the industry started to
employ in October of 2016.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Jamie
Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, a follow-up
to Hunter's question. Why should we believe the 2018 guide? Why should we
believe anything Derek just said about aircraft? Why shouldn't we expect an
incremental aircraft order in order to offset what United is doing? I'm
obviously trying to bait you, but I'd appreciate if you could respond.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, okay. Yes, I'll try not to take
the bait, but let me try and help because I know it's important, obviously.
American Airlines' shareholders got caught up in this yesterday, too, so it's
important you all have a chance to at least understand somewhat our view. But
look, we're not going to opine on other airlines' capacity plans. That's for
them to decide what to do and to describe to you their plans. What I can tell
-- what we're happy to talk about is American's growth, which may or may not
provide some insight into what's going on at other airlines. And again, it may
be helpful or maybe not, but I can talk about what we're doing. So Derek told
you that we estimate at American that we're going to grow, schedule-to-schedule
anyway 2.5% growth, '18 versus '17, 3% when you include the fact that we had
the hurricanes in '17. That number by itself is somewhat meaningful. But it's
really important, I think, to understand -- and take the time to understand what
type of growth we're talking about in that 2.5% or 3% and how it relates to our
existing set of assets. So -- and to be clear, as we discussed at Investor Day,
our network assets, our privileged set of assets is our hub-and-spoke based
system. So if we were to tell you, for example, "Oh, that 2.5%, 3%, here's
what we decided. We're the biggest airline in the world, so we think we should
serve the largest point-to-point markets in the United States." So we're
going to go out and acquire some airplanes, and we're going to start adding
service to San Francisco, Minneapolis, to Atlanta, Houston, because those are
really big markets, and we don't serve them nonstop. And again, we're a big
airline. We think we should be in big markets. That would be growth outside of
our core asset base, and that would engender a certain competitive response
from those carriers that do have a strategic advantage in those markets, the
airlines that do have hubs on the other ends of those markets. And over time,
we lose a good bit of money in those markets because we'd only have local
traffic, and our competitors would have flow traffic filling up most of their
seats. And that would be not good growth for our shareholders. So look, well,
that's an example based on today's world. It's indicative of the kind of things
we all used to see in the old days. And I think, again, we're still a victim of
our past. When people just hear growth, they think, "Well, here they go
again." And indeed, that's the kind of stuff that happened, I mean, not so
much that example. But what happened in the old days, when -- in a less mature
business, we -- airlines without real network assets were looking to use the
good times to build some network assets and to take out the weakest when they
did that. And that kind of growth tended to have much different kind of
competitive impacts, competitive ramifications than what we're talking about
here with our growth. So let's talk about what we are doing. Because we're not
doing that at all. What we're doing is we're taking existing aircraft,
increasing the utilization on it, redeploying aircraft from markets that maybe
aren't doing quite as well to places where we know we can do well, where we
have real strategic advantage. We're growing where we have a competitive advantage.
We're creating better connecting markets. We're doing it in 3 ways. New cities.
First off, and this is -- I know you noticed this, Jamie, but just for everyone
else listening. We announced a couple of weeks ago a schedule change through
the summer, which is -- which defines most of where we're going to be -- where
that expansion is. So you can see it there, but we're -- some new cities. And
look, there's some that get some attention and are little more exciting, like
ReykjavÃ­k and Budapest and Prague. But the 3 cities in the United States are
South Bend, Missoula and Panama City. That's where we can create better
connecting markets. When we connect -- we don't fly to Panama City. When we add
Panama City to Dallas, we open up markets to the people of Panama City and
people who want to get to Panama City that don't really exist today and
certainly give them better connections than they have today. So yes, I mean,
look, that's going to have -- that means whoever's flying to Panama City, they
maybe lose a little share, but that doesn't start fare wars. That doesn't start
-- there's not an ability to -- that doesn't engender some sort of enormous
competitive response, because what do you do? We're flying -- we're just making
our existing assets stronger, and we're providing better service and better
utility to customers as a result. So that's part of it, but it's not most of
it. It's -- the second thing we do is add frequency to existing cities. That's
a good bit of our growth. A lot of these cities have 1 or 2 departures a day.
We take them up to 3. Cities like Stillwater and Lake Charles get up to 3
departures a day instead of 1 or 2. It has the same sort of effect. We just
make the connections. We create more connections for our customers, make the hubs
even stronger. And then lastly, and the biggest one, is connecting existing
cities to new hubs. And this -- look, this is really -- this is much of the
promise of the merger. For example, American Airlines has always done really
well in Oklahoma City for obvious reasons, proximity to Dallas. And we have a
pretty strong base of customers there, but we've never flown from Philadelphia
to Oklahoma City. And that's one of the routes we announced. Once we do that,
we'll all of a sudden create unique connections to Europe for a customer base
that flies us a lot already. Similarly, we flew Wilmington to Charlotte. We
didn't fly to Dallas. So in our announcement, you see new nonstop from
Wilmington-Dallas. This just opens up customers and connections to places like
Mexico, ski markets, Hawaii, all of which are one-stop markets that customers
never had. So of the 52 new routes we added, 47 of them fall into that
category, existing cities to new hubs. So look, that's where we are at
American. We think it's smart, efficient growth, where we have competitive
advantage. It doesn't result in yield decline. It doesn't result in fare wars.
Just -- it does move share from competitors. I mean, we're not -- I'm not
trying to suggest that this is all stimulative. It's not. But it just doesn't
engender the kind of response that it feels like people seem to think by just
looking at a number because we are doing what we think makes sense, given our
competitive advantage. And again, I think one way to characterize this, we've
talked a lot about how we think the domestic U.S. airline market has become
mature. I do believe that it's mature because we have 3 hub-and-spoke carriers
that compete aggressively against each other, that can take people all over the
world with a lot -- between a national low-cost carrier like Southwest and a
lot of other competitors like the JetBlues, Alaska, Spirits of the world,
intensely competitive, but feeling very mature. Growing out hubs is just a
continuation of that maturity and, perhaps, kind of the final stages of the
maturing business. Because once you get to a point that those are your assets,
it makes sense, I think, to strengthen them. And some of us are further along
than others. So a long way of me saying, look, the number matters, but I think
it always make sense to go figure out where the growth is coming from. And
sometimes, you can get overreactions to a number and just would encourage
people to go look at where -- what people are saying about actually where they
intend to grow. So that's what we think. Hunter asked if we changed our
estimate based upon what we heard. We have not. It doesn't, nor have we
changed, nor do we have any plans to change. Everything we just -- I just
rattled off about our growth plans were in place before and remain in place
now. We don't have any intention to change those based on what we know now. And
look, we'll see where people grow. We'll see where people decide to compete. We
will obviously respond where we think it makes sense, but it's always going to
be around our core strategic assets.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Doug, if I were to -- that's very
helpful, exceedingly helpful. But if I were to paraphrase that into a
soundbite, do you characterize OA growth, provided it's hub-centric, as not
uniquely damaging to the American Airlines franchise? Yes or no?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'm not going to opine on other
airlines' growth, I told you.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: You just did.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I spoke for 5 minutes, and you gave
a sentence that I didn't say. So make your own conclusions from what I told you
about American's growth, but look, we're not here to talk about what other
people are doing in their networks. That's for them to decide. And again, we
know who we are. We know the assets we have. We feel good about our growth. And
look, all I'm pointing out is, you can look at our 2.5%, 3% growth and say,
"Gosh. Why do you guys think that makes sense?" And I just gave you
the answer.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Sure. My follow-up will be
American-centric, okay? So shifting the spotlight back to -- and thank you for
indulging me. It's what people needed to hear. So thank you for that first
question.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: No, it's important. No problem.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: The high end of your 2018 EPS guide
still falls, I don't know, around $1 billion short of that mid-cycle $5 billion
target. Revenue trends are looking good at the moment. Labor pretty much
industry-wide has been remarked, but capacity is starting to creep. Margins
appear to have stagnated. I don't know, it just sort of feels mid-cycle to me
right now. So I'm wondering what's holding you or holding American back from
achieving that $5 billion mid-cycle target. Or should we just assume that the
$3 billion, $5 billion, $7 billion needs to be downwardly adjusted maybe by $1
billion for each post?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Absolutely not on the last point. We
continue to believe $3 billion, $5 billion, $7 billion is the right range. We
continue -- and again, don't take our word for it, we just set our -- we had a
board meeting yesterday set our 2018 objectives. And our management teams'
bonus payments are based upon that exact same formula. So that's how we're
paying ourselves on short-term incentive based on our ability to -- not by the
way -- you're right, our guidance doesn't have us there. So I'm not suggesting
that our guidance has us hitting it. What I'm saying is it's still in the range
of $3 billion, $5 billion, $7 billion, and this feels like a year, at least,
looking at it right now that isn't one of the -- is somewhat a below-average
year for our kind of steady-state earnings power. The reason I believe that is,
is because fuel prices have run up so quickly. And if you look, as Derek stated
-- I mean, you're right. Your numbers are right, of course. If you take, I
guess, the midpoint of the range, kind of year-over-year earnings are pretty
flat in our forecast -- on a pretax basis, of course. After tax, because of the
tax rate, they're up a good bit. But on a pretax basis, they're pretty flat. But
look, our fuel price alone is driving $1.8 billion of higher expenses. So for
us to be producing flat earnings on one of our -- what's become, again, our
largest costs going up by $1.8 billion says a good bit. Now, again, you should
rightfully say, "Well, gosh, if it's a real business, like you've been
saying, that will figure out a way to pass its cost increases along to
customers. Why don't you pass it on?" There definitely is a lag on things
like this. We saw it in, whatever it was, 2014, when prices fell really
quickly, and how long it took for kind of capacity to respond to the new
economic. And when prices go up this fast, it does -- it takes a while to
respond. So as we sit here today, if oil stays where it is, I happen to believe
you'll see the industry -- you'll -- the fares are too low for oil prices this
high. And over time, you'll see that adjustment, it takes time. Part of it is
that requires some capacity refinement. Part of it is people have to believe
it's there. This has gone -- oil -- Brent's gone from, what, $50 to $70 in 5
months, a 40% increase. And it took a while for us all to think that $50 was a
real number when it's fallen from $100 down to $50. It may take a while for
people to really understand that if $70 is the real normal, the new normal, you
certainly will see, I think, us get to a point where we can produce the kind of
earnings that you're talking about in this -- in $70 oil. But we've done it in
$100 oil, but in the past. So anyway, long way of me saying, it's -- I'm not saying
just because oil is $70, we can't make those numbers. What I'm saying is it's
run up so fast, it makes it hard to get there. If it falls back down quickly,
we're absolutely right back in that range.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Helane
Becker with Cowen and Company.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: It's kind of hard to follow that act. That
was a great explanation. I just have 2 questions. One, can you say -- I know
you don't report traffic, but I'm wondering if you can say what your loads are
looking like and maybe your bookings, how they're coming along for the rest of
the quarter or as far along as you're willing to comment? And then the other
question is, is there a shift in mix that you're seeing? Like on the Atlantic,
are you seeing more? I think you said maybe more premium traffic and a shift.
But can you talk about the buy-up that you may be seeing from like Basic
Economy into the forward section of the cabin?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. It's Don. So let me just start with
the buy-up. So we've had Basic Economy in the market now, but broadly
domestically since the 5th of September. We rolled it out to the Caribbean --
[a subset of] the Caribbean and Mexico markets in late November. And the
product is working entirely as we expected. And so we're seeing the buy-up
rates that we expected to see, and we're seeing the sell-up amounts that we
expected to see. So Basic Economy is really, at this point, working as
designed. In the Atlantic, the premium market, we saw a very strong premium
performance last year. This was a combination of the product improvements that
we've made. We didn't get to a fully lie-flat product across our entire
widebody fleet until June, July of '17, and now we can have that product
consistently in the marketplace. In addition to that, we've changed some of the
infrastructure that we use in revenue management to have more inventories,
which led us to do -- be more effective at pricing. And the combination of
those changes have led to a very strong premium cabin performance. And in fact,
for the full year of 2017, our unit revenue in the premium cabin was up 13%.

ROBERT D. ISOM: And Helane, as you take a look at kind of
the strength of bookings, we're seeing just a continuation of what we saw in
December. And so it's relatively flat, but that was a pretty good spot to be
in.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then can I just ask a
different cargo-related question? Because your volumes are up a lot. And you're
-- obviously, you reported a very strong number, and you commented to Kevin's
question. But I'm kind of wondering, what are you carrying? Is this packages
for Amazon? Is it packages for the postal service, which would be Amazon? Do
you know what's in those? I mean, you must have to know what's in the bellies,
right, because you have to know your customer.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, we do know the customer. And I guess,
what that...

HELANE RENEE BECKER: That didn't come out the right way.

ROBERT D. ISOM: I guess, what I would tell you is we've seen
strength across the board, especially from Asia. But the kind of things that
you see out of Asia, phones and phone parts, when you think about
telecommunications going down into Buenos Aires is another big one. We're seeing
commodity-like products, fish and salmon out of South America and Central
America coming up that's adding revenue. We're seeing meat out of the South
Pacific coming into the U.S., wine as well from Europe. The airbags, as
everybody knows, is still a driver of volume. So it's broad-based, and it's
everything from technology to more food and perishables. And so -- and then as
well, I would note that just general mail has been pretty strong, too.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Daniel
McKenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Yes, Doug, thanks from me as well for the
wonderful response earlier here. It's very helpful to investors. But leave it
to me to kick a dead horse here. So just going back to the opening remarks of
strategic advantage at your hubs, how do we think about strategic advantage in
those markets where American is not dominant, but obviously important? So just
reverting back to your opening remarks of investments in Los Angeles and
Chicago, what's the key to achieving strategic advantage in these more
competitive markets?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. First off, Dan, I mean,
strategic advantage doesn't mean we have to be #1. It means we have to have an
advantage. In LAX, we, today, are the largest -- it's definitely a fragmented
market, but a very large market. American's the largest carrier there, and we
think we have the ability to continue to expand there as much as we're able to.
And there'd be issue with LAX's terminal space. And my comments were directly
around the fact that we've been able to work out a situation with the airport
authority. We'll be able to expand there. And Chicago is a similar story. We're
not the largest hub carrier in Chicago, but we're awfully close and another
enormous market, where we do well, even though we're not the absolute largest.
And the good news is, we just worked with the airport authority [to add] 5 more
gates there, which allows us to become even stronger.

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'd just add one more thing. In a place like
New York, where we have great assets, but same thing, fragmented market, highly
competitive, important for us to be there, we have to be different in some
ways. And we've done that with things like the shuttle product, the 321Ts
having 3 class domestic transcon service. And then making sure that -- with our
partner, BA, that we're doing the best that we can with our JFK-Heathrow
franchise.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Okay. I appreciate the perspective. And
then second question really is for Robert. The earnings release -- well, the
cloud hosting and machine learning to speed time to value in the earnings
release. So for those that are not AI programmers, can you help give us an idea
of what the technology means for the income statement at this point? And what
could it mean at some point down the road? My sense is that it is driving
better nonfuel cost and better revenue. But is it material? And can it become
material at some point?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Dan, we're going to let Maya
Leibman, our CIO, answer that for you.

MAYA LEIBMAN, CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER & EXECUTIVE VP,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Dan, really, the goal around adoption of these
next-generation technologies is the fact that we have so many fantastic ideas
of things that we want to achieve. And frankly, there are just more ideas than
we have the capacity to actually get through. And what we have found is that
there's been this explosion in new technologies that allow us to basically take
some shortcuts and get things done more quickly than we were previously able to
do if we really adopt them in a thoughtful way. So cloud technology allows us
to sort of circumvent the hosting process because it provides infrastructure
ready to go, and machine learning and artificial intelligence allows us to
create algorithms that are smarter and that learn as the context around them
changes. And so we're really aggressively looking at these next-generation
technologies in order to work through this list of amazing ideas we have that
ultimately generate value for the airline.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Got it. More on the cost side? More on
the revenue side? If can you just help us understand.

MAYA LEIBMAN: Yes. On the revenue side, we have a lot of
fantastic opportunities that we're working with Don Casey's group on. On the
cost side, we have opportunities to really streamline our processes and the
product that we provide. And a lot of it is really just better customer
experience. And we're very focused on providing things to our customers that
really make the whole experience with American better.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. And Dan, I would say, for us to get
the $3.9 billion worth of initiatives that we're talking about, this work will
help us bring it in quicker and do what we need to do. Some of that is
required, a lot of IT help to get this done. We can't get there without the IT
group helping us get through this. And what they're doing is really helping us
get through it quicker and figuring out ways to bring things to the market
quicker on both the revenue and the cost side.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Brandon
Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Robert, I appreciate, because we've got more
airfreight discussions here on this call than I've heard probably in 10 years
of covering calls.

ROBERT D. ISOM: We're ready to go more, and we can go
deeper.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Well, I'm going to ask a more nerdy
analyst question about your EPS outlook. So we do appreciate the range, but to
get to $6.50, if I just put in your guidance on cost, I'm getting to like a 7%
to 8% range on revenue. Now my math is not perfect, but I think that's implying
like a RASM north of 5% to hit the top range, assuming your capacity stays
where you've guided. So can you talk to -- should we be thinking the upside on
EPS is more cost-based? Or do you really think significant revenue acceleration
in this market is achievable?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, first off, you should work
with Derek and Dan. I think we don't have that type of number in order to get
to the top of the range. I think it was like 3% to 4%.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: 3% at the bottom, 4% at the top. But
the point's still valid, but let's make sure we're all working with similar
math. But yes, based on what where we closed the year and what we think the ASM
growth is going to be next year, you would need 3% to 4% RASM growth. And look,
we wouldn't have given that as our EPS guidance if we didn't think that was a
reasonable revenue guidance. We just grew our quarter 5.5%. So yes, it's -- and
again, if fuel prices stay where they are, we think that's well within the
realm of possibilities.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. I appreciate the details
there. And then I do want to nitpick a little bit on CapEx because it looks
like since your analyst meeting, you've taken up the [FIN] level about $0.5
billion for the next 2 years. Can you talk to, was this driven by tax reform or
just incremental opportunities that you found even before tax rates came down?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. I think there's 2 things. One is, from
an aircraft standpoint, we did announce that we were bringing in 10 more E175
aircraft to replace an outsourced contract that we had and take out some
CRJ-200s. So that's the increase on the aircraft CapEx side. From the
non-aircraft CapEx side, as Maya said, there's just so much demand going on out
there. Half of the -- there's 7 projects that make up half of that '18 and '19
number. They're just major projects that we've announced and that we want to do
as quick as we can, which is we talked about Wi-Fi oasis, some facility
projects. We still have 3 big integration projects that we want to complete
with our HR systems, our pilots, flight attendants and tech ops. So we're
trying to bring those in as quick as we can and bring those in earlier. So
we've raised the CapEx in '18 and '19 by $200 million each year for
non-aircraft CapEx mainly due to those projects and facility projects and
trying to get those brought in as fast as we can, moving them forward. So those
are the 2 big differences from the Investor Day. The 5 new -- or the 10 new
Embraer 175s, and just bringing projects in earlier in '18 and '19 and the
major -- the big projects that we have on our plate that make up half of each
one of those years.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD & FUNDAMENTAL
RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH DIVISION: I certainly respect the
dynamic inputs to your planning process and fuel in particular, but I -- well,
I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how fuel is an input to your
planning process and how you think about route profitability. In the old days,
we thought about red-eye flying to leisure destinations as the first candidates
for capacity trims. Of course, this would put some upward pressure on your unit
cost as you shrink the day. But can you talk about how higher fuel impacts network
planning, and if it has started to lead to any cuts? And if so, what profile of
markets that would include?

DEREK J. KERR: I'll go ahead and start with that. Right now,
we have, within our flight profitability system, which gives us great detail in
terms of where we are making money and gives us different views as to what
expenses are more fixed and flexible in the long run, we've got a pretty good
idea of where we're doing well and not, and what the impact of variations of
fuel expense are. So this is something that we look at certainly every month,
if not more, and especially as we take a look out into the longer term. So
we've got a pretty good handle on it. And at the end of the day, we feel really
confident with the schedule that we have built right now that we're profitable
at these levels and that we're flying to where we ought to be. So I think we've
got a good handle on both the short- and long-range plan for it as part of the
process that we've put the team through as we build the schedule. That's about
what I can tell you.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. And Duane, look, I remember the
old days. In the old days, the reason you'd cut that flying is because it was
cash-negative, and it made sense to cut it as oil prices got to a certain
level. There's nothing close to that in today's world. So if we were to cut
flying because oil prices ran up from $50 to $70, we would reduce profits.
Instead, it turns into a $4 billion a year instead of a $5 billion a year. And
over time, we adjust pricing and capacity over time adjusts to where we think
-- where fuel price starts to stall out. But yes, this is an entirely different
world. It would be, certainly from American's perspective, going and reducing
flying because oil prices went up from $50 to $70 would reduce the profits of
the firm.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Appreciate that commentary. And
then just as a follow-up, maybe some dated thinking as well. But with regional
aircraft, which have the highest fuel intensity, the highest sort of gallons
per passenger, if you want to think about it that way, obviously, a lot less
50-seaters than there used to be, and you're growing with 76-seaters, which are
more fuel-efficient. But where do you start to see the breakpoints on fuel for
regional lift? Is it $80? Is it $90? Where does that become more of a focus?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Hard for us to answer, I don't know
that we can, Duane. Again, we're nowhere near the point of, look, believing
that fuel prices are at a level that we should be reducing flying because it's
all profitable, in the regional fleet, in particular, because of what we said.
How it helps us create connections is amongst some of the best flying on a cash
basis, irrespective of where fuel prices are.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our next
question from Mary Schlangenstein with Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Derek, can we go back to your comment
about the A350s? And you said you're working with Airbus and Boeing on other
options from a widebody perspective and where to go on that. Can you talk a
little bit more in detail on what you're looking at and what you're
considering?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. We -- I mean, we currently have an order
for 22 A350s that come in 2020. We're just looking at other options. There's
nothing to announce right now. Whether -- I mean, our options are to take the
A350, turn that into A330-900 or the other option is this 787-9. So there is --
we have the order in place. The A350 is a great aircraft, but it does add
complexity to our fleet by a new aircraft type. So it's not about the aircraft,
it's about the complexity that it brings to our operating group for having more
aircraft. So we haven't made a determination yet. We may take the A350, but the
other 2 options are A330-900 or 787-9 for that widebody lift.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Is there a date by which you need to
make that decision?

DEREK J. KERR: There is no date that we need to make that
decision. I mean, the first delivery's not until 2020.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Conor
Shine with The Dallas Morning News.

CONOR SHINE: I just wondered what the -- obviously, you've
rolled out, basic economy this last year, what the plans for 2018 will be for
that. Did you see that changing in terms of giving customers more options to
buy some of the things that have been subtracted out of that product? And then,
also, do you see it expanding to other markets beyond domestic, and then that
-- [in your] Caribbean stuff you guys did a little bit ago?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. Conor, as Don said earlier, the
product's been out about 6 months now. It's meeting expectations, which is
great. We'll always take a look at ways to refine and optimize. And then I
think, as we've said before, we'll look at opportunities for application in
other places. And so as you take a look internationally, is it something that
might be appropriate for transatlantic? Probably in a different form, but those
are the kind of things that we think about there. But we don't have anything to
announce. We like what's going on right now, and we're staying the course with
it.

OPERATOR: And we would take our final question from Alana
Weiss with Reuters.

ALANA WEISS: I'm sure we've talked a little bit about this
already, but United earlier this week announcing that they were going to be
adding capacity at a fairly rapid clip, obviously, sent shares down quite a bit
and still some concerns of a growing industry fare war, my question is, just
how are you at American addressing these concerns to shareholders? And just
what's the general view on capacity growth and how it's affecting the market?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thanks. I mean, we did talk
about this and the comment, for the record, is we're not going to opine on
other airlines' growth plans. We're confident in American's growth and very
bullish on prospects for American Airlines, knowing everything we know today.

OPERATOR: And that concludes today's question-and-answer
session. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to our presenters for
any additional or closing remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We appreciate everyone's interest,
and thank you for tuning in. If you have any questions and you're an investor,
call Dan. If you have any questions and you're in the media, call Corp Comm.
Thanks so much.

OPERATOR: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude
today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You
may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012518a11196393.793










 EXECUTIVES (93%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (76%);
FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%); PRESS RELEASES (70%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (68%);
PRICES (68%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC (71%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); C (NYSE) (83%); C
(BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT)
(83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
AIRLINES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (71%); CAPITAL
EQUIPMENT LEASING (68%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 January 28, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
26, 2017 Thursday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 12481 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - Managing Director, IR

* Derek J. Kerr

. - CFO and EVP

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* William Douglas Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Director and Equity
Research Analyst

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD and Fundamental
Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jack Lawrence Atkins

Stephens Inc., Research Division - MD and Airline,
Airfreight and Logistics Analyst

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - VP

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* David Koenig

The Associated Press - Media

* Edward Russell

Flightglobal - Media

* John Biers

Agence France-Presse - Media

* Mary Schlangenstein

Bloomberg - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being
recorded. (Operator Instructions) And now I would like to turn the conference
over to your moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan
Cravens. Please go ahead.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the American Airlines Group
Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us in the room today is
Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, the President; and Derek Kerr,
our Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for our Q&A session is Elise
Eberwein, our EVP of People and Communications; Maya Leibman, Chief Information
Officer; Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey, our Senior
Vice President of Revenue Management.

We're going to start the call today with Doug, and he will
provide an overview of our third quarter financial results. Derek will then
walk us through the details on the quarter, provide some additional information
on our guidance for the remainder of the year. Robert will then follow with
commentary on the operational performance and revenue environment. And then
after we hear from those comments, we will open the call for analyst questions
and lastly, questions from the media.

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecast of capacity traffic, load factor, fleet plans and
fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results
to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks and
uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this morning as
well as our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as pretax profit and CASM excluding
unusual items. A reconciliation to those numbers to the GAAP financial measures
is included in the earnings release, and that can be found on our website at
aa.com. A webcast of this will also be archived on the website. The information
that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we undertake no
obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks, again, for joining us this morning. At this
point, I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Thanks, everybody, for being on. It's not
possible to talk about the third quarter without beginning with the hurricanes
and what our team did in regard to those events. We're always proud of our
team, but particularly so this quarter. They rallied around each other. They
rallied around our customers. Just showed incredible care and concern, and made
a huge difference. And it's times like this that the people of American shine,
and they certainly did in the third quarter, and we're so proud of them and
appreciative.

And I should also note, as proud as we are of the people of
American, this not a time that -- for all of our competitive juices to get too
strong. Our industry did a great job in this regard and we're proud of everyone
in the industry for what they all did, including our competitors. We made a big
difference. We continue to make a big difference. And we're proud of that and
extremely thankful and appreciative of our team.

We had an Investor Day not too long ago, just last month,
Investor and Media Day. It was very productive and helpful. Thanks to all of
you who attended. During that Investor Day, we laid out some themes that are
important to us. We talked about how we are playing for the long game. How we
are running our own show focused on American and not defining ourselves on
others, looking to make long-term decisions and not be overly focused on
near-term metrics. Those themes continue. Of course, we're not going to go
through them in great detail, but you'll hear them running through all of our
comments throughout this call.

We also laid out 4 long-term strategic objectives consistent
with those themes. Those are: to build a world-class product, to drive
efficiencies, to make culture a competitive advantage and to think forward and
lead forward. We are -- again, those are themes you'll hear us continue to
bring up because we like the framework and we're excited about the message.

So with that said, I'll turn it over to Derek to give you
some details on the numbers and then Robert will give more details as well.

DEREK J. KERR, CFO AND EVP, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Good. Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. And before I begin, I'd also
like to thank our more than 120,000 team members. The third quarter brought
more than its fair share of weather and operational challenges, and our team
delivered. Robert and I were both in Miami shortly after Hurricane Irma and
witnessed, firsthand, how our team came together to take care of our passengers
and each other. The teamwork demonstrated by everyone at American made us all
proud.

As Doug mentioned, we filed our earnings press release and
10-Q this morning, and in that release our third quarter 2017 GAAP net profit
was $624 million or $1.28 per share. This compares to our third quarter 2016
GAAP net profit of $737 million or $1.40 per diluted share. Excluding special
items, we reported a net profit of $692 million in the third quarter 2017
versus our third quarter 2016 net profit of $933 million. Our diluted earnings
per share excluding special items was $1.42 per share versus $1.76 in the third
quarter of 2016. Our GAAP third quarter 2017 pretax profit was $1 billion.
Excluding net special items, our third quarter pretax profit was $1.1 billion,
resulting in a pretax margin of 10.2%.

Looking at revenue, our total third quarter operating
revenues were up 2.7% year-over-year to $10.9 billion. Passenger revenues were
$9.4 billion, up 2.5% on a yield improvement of 1.6%. Cargo revenues were up
17% to $200 million, due primarily to higher volume. Our other revenues were
$1.3 billion, up 2.2% year-over-year, due primarily to higher baggage and
frequent flyer revenue.

Total GAAP operating expenses for the third quarter were
$9.6 billion, up 5.3% versus the same period last year. This increase was due
primarily to a 13.3% increase in consolidated fuel expense and higher salaries
and benefits expense as a result of the mid-contract base pay increase given to
our pilots and flight attendants earlier this year, as well as rate increases
for our maintenance and fleet service team members that became effective
mid-third quarter last year.

Third quarter consolidated ASMs -- cost per ASM was $0.132,
up 3.6% year-over-year. Excluding fuel and special items, our consolidated CASM
was $0.1043, up 4.5% year-over-year, due primarily to the salary and benefit
increases I mentioned earlier. We ended the third quarter with approximately
$8.3 billion in total available liquidity, comprised of cash and investments of
$5.8 billion and $2.5 billion in undrawn revolver capacity. The company also has
a restricted cash position of $393 million.

Since our last call, our treasury team has been very busy.
They completed another set of efficient financing transactions including the
2017-2 EETC AA and A tranches as well as the 2016-3 and 2017-2 EETC B tranches
at very favorable coupon rates for junior subordinated EETC tranches. In
addition, the team refinanced and extended the revolving credit facility,
upsizing it to $2.5 billion in the process, and closed on 5 mortgage
transactions and 11 sale-leaseback transactions.

During the quarter, the company returned $411 million to its
shareholders, including quarterly dividend payments totaling $49 million and
the repurchase of $362 million of common stock or 7.7 million shares. Our share
count has dropped by 37% from 756 million at merger close in December 2013 to
480 million shares as of September 30.

In addition to our earnings release, we also filed our
investor update this morning. Consistent with our previous guidance in the
fourth quarter of 2017, we expect our system ASM growth to be up approximately
2%, domestic up 0.5% and international up 5%. For the third -- for the full
year, we continue to expect consolidated system capacity to be up approximately
1%, driven by increasing gauge about 2.4%, stage length about 1.5%, offset by
2.7% fewer departures. We expect full year domestic consolidated capacity to be
approximately flat year-over-year and international capacity to be up 4%,
primarily driven by the impact of the 777-200 retrofit program, which was completed
during the third quarter, and year-over-year impact of new destinations across
the Pacific.

We expect our fourth quarter consolidated CASM, excluding
fuel and special items, to be up approximately 4.5%, with main line up 5% and
regional up 2%. As we stated in our recent Investor Day and consistent with our
fourth quarter, we anticipate our unit cost growth rates to continue to trend
lower. And we expect 2018 full year nonfuel CASM to increase, excluding the
impact of any new labor deals, by approximately 2%. We are forecasting a
material increase in fuel in the fourth quarter. And based on the forward curve
as of October 13, 2017, we expect consolidated fuel prices to be up
approximately 16% year-over-year to between $1.81 to $1.86 per gallon on a consolidated
basis.

Using the midpoints of the cost guidance we provided in the
TRASM guidance Robert will talk about in a minute, we expect our fourth quarter
2017 pretax margin excluding special items to be between 4.5% and 6.5%. As we
continue with our fleet renewal program for the full year of 2017, we still
expect gross aircraft CapEx to total $4.1 billion, which includes the delivery
of 57 mainline aircraft and 16 regional aircraft. In addition, we expect to
invest $1.65 billion in non-aircraft CapEx for integration work and projects to
improve our product and operations, a slight increase from previous guidance as
we invest heavily in the installation of Premium Economy, narrowbody retrofit
programs, updates to our clubs and other initiatives to improve the airline for
our team members and customers.

On previous earnings calls, I provided estimates for our
2018 pension contributions as the airline relief legislation ends for us. While
our minimum requirement contribution for 2018 are estimated to be only $62
million, we now expect to contribute approximately $780 million in order to
maintain an 80% funded status on all of our planes. We will continue to take a
measured approach to matching our planned capacity levels with anticipated
levels of demand. We are still in the process of developing our operating plan
for 2018, so our formal capacity guidance will come when we report fourth
quarter earnings. But on a schedule-over-schedule basis, we currently expect
system capacity to be up approximately 2.5% in 2018 on a flat fleet count. We
also expect domestic and international capacity to grow at similar levels of
approximately 2.5%.

At our recent Investor Day, we also talked about the
opportunities provided by our Project One Airline initiative that drive -- to
drive efficiencies. We have identified $1 billion in cost savings that we
expect to implement by 2021, driven principally by increased use of technology,
changes to process and procedures and further eliminating post-merger
redundancies. We are just getting started on these initiatives and will
incorporate approximately $200 million of savings in our 2018 plan. I look
forward to updating you on our progress on future calls.

So in conclusion, despite the challenges resulting from the
3 hurricanes, our team has produced another excellent quarter. I would like to
thank all of our team members for continuing to take care of our customers, and
as important, each other. With that, I will turn the call over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning to everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before I
begin my remarks about the third quarter, I'd also like to begin by thanking
our more than 120,000 team members for all that they have done during a very
challenging quarter. The tragic hurricanes in late August and September caused
severe damage and disruption as hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria made landfall
in the U.S. and Caribbean. American canceled more than 8,000 flights due to the
hurricanes, and at the peak of the storm activity, canceled all flights at
nearly 30 stations. We estimate that these storms reduced pretax earnings by
$75 million.

In particular, I'd like to recognize our team members who
endured the hurricanes at our hub in Miami and other airports in Florida,
Puerto Rico and the Caribbean, as well as those in Mexico City who endured a
devastating earthquake. You all have demonstrated courage, leadership and
compassion under extremely trying conditions. Not only did you help our airline
get back online, but also, and more important, you were all there for each
other and for our customers. So a sincere thank you goes out to all of you from
your teammates around the system. You made us all very proud to be part of the
American team.

As we discussed at Investor Day a few weeks ago, we have
identified $3.9 billion in revenue and cost initiatives that we expect to
realize over the next few years. While I won't rehash all of that in detail
today, and if it isn't already obvious, we are very excited about the
opportunities ahead of us. We're already on our way with a full launch of Basic
Economy across our domestic system on September 5. Our careful planning and
measured rollout over the summer has resulted in a very successful launch with
no disruption. Performance has been in line with expectations, with about 50%
of customers who received a basic offer choosing to buy up to the main cabin
product. Although the rollout was too late to have a material impact on the
third quarter '17, we do expect this to add revenue momentum to the fourth
quarter '17.

In addition, our Premium Economy product continues to gain
traction with an average upsell of approximately $400 each way over the coach
cabin. Customer adoption of this highly differentiated product has been strong.
As expected, the majority of Premium Economy customers are leisure customers
looking for an affordable way to enhance their international flight experience.
Premium Economy is now installed on 27 of our widebody aircraft. And by
year-end, we expect that number to grow to 63. And by year-end 2018, to over
100 widebody aircraft.

Operationally, our performance this summer showed
significant improvement versus the summer of 2016. Summer on-time departures
improved by 3.9 percentage points and arrivals by 3.2 percentage points,
bouncing back from a difficult summer of 2016. In addition, our baggage
performance continues to be a focus for our team. This has been our bright spot
as the year-over-year mishandled bag rate has improved each month in 2017. When
we do mishandle bags, we're working to minimize inconvenience for customers
with the introduction of the new customer bag notification tool, which went
live in July of this summer. This tool sends bag notifications to customers and
allows them to set up free delivery for delayed bags or advises them to pick up
early arriving bags at specific baggage claim locations. The early results are
encouraging as nearly 20% of customers notified of early or delayed bags are
using customer bag notification to set up a bag delivery.

Turning to revenue. The demand environment remains robust.
And despite the operational challenges and difficult year-over-year
comparisons, we were pleased with our performance in the third quarter. Our
third quarter PRASM was up 0.9% and our third quarter TRASM was up 1.1%,
marking the fourth consecutive quarter of positive unit revenue growth for
American. Our investments in people, product and new corporate sales
initiatives are beginning to pay off. And when combined with our new revenue management
tools, changes to our AAdvantage program and our new mobile platform, the
results are even more encouraging.

In December, our consolidated PRASM was up 0.1%. We're very
pleased with this outcome -- I'm sorry. In domestic, our consolidated PRASM was
up 0.1%. We are very pleased with this outcome as we've faced hurricane impacts
to our hub in Miami and had very difficult year-over-year comps due to
beneficial pricing actions in the third quarter of 2016. On a year-over-year --
on a year over 2-year basis, our performance in the domestic market was
materially better than our legacy counterparts.

Our Latin American performance, overall, was very strong
with PRASM up 8.3%. Positive Latin PRASM was driven by strong performance in
all entities, consistent with what we saw in the second quarter. This is a
great outcome as we faced difficult conditions due to hurricanes Irma and
Maria. Atlantic PRASM was up 2.6% year-over-year. Premium cabin pricing and
yield management initiatives, improved share performance with travel management
companies and easing comps from past terror events continue to contribute to
2017 year-over-year PRASM performance.

The United Kingdom is showing the largest PRASM improvement
on a year-over-year basis due to improved premium cabin performance. However,
the overall environment remains challenged as low-priced carriers grow
substantially, resulting in a weaker pricing environment for coach travel.
Across the Pacific, PRASM was down 1.6% year-over-year. Japan, Australia, New
Zealand and Hong Kong were positive, but this was offset by softness in China
and Korea.

Third quarter cargo revenue improved 17% year-over-year on
strong volume growth, continuing our positive trend since -- that we've seen
since the latter half of 2016. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect our
year-over-year TRASM to be up 2.5% to 4.5%, an improvement from our third
quarter 2017 performance, as our revenue initiatives will continue to deliver
top line benefits.

Regionally, our domestic PRASM is expected to be positive
for the fifth consecutive quarter, helped by our launch of Basic Economy.
Atlantic performance is expected to be in line with the third quarter, with
Pacific improving as we lap the growth of new routes from last year, and we
expect the Latin entity to be modestly positive.

And to wrap up my comments and as we covered at our Investor
Day, American has a privileged set of assets, our hubs and gateways in the U.S.
and a world-class set of partners that extend our network even farther. A
hub-and-spoke business model allows us to serve an incredibly broad spectrum of
customers, getting them to the places they want to fly with the amenities that
they value. Our strategy investments and the investments that we've made and
are making in our fleet, product and especially our team, are working as
evidenced by our customer satisfaction metrics and our unit revenue performance
versus the industry over the past 5 quarters and expected outperformance for a
sixth quarter to close out 2017. And best of all, there's a lot more to come.
And we're excited to deliver all that value for our customers, team members and
shareholders.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Doug.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thanks, Robert. And before we open
up to questions, I want to address an issue that's come up this week, which is
the travel advisory from the NAACP. First, that announcement was, obviously, a
disappointment to our team. That's because, we, at American Airlines, pride
ourselves on inclusiveness and diversity. What we do as an organization is
connect people. We like to say we fly over borders and walls and stereotypes
and divisiveness to bring people together. And our team members do that safely
and professionally every day. And as a result, we make this world a smaller and
more inclusive place.

Once we got past the disappointment, we realized this is a
great opportunity. Yes, we're proud of our commitment to equality and diversity
and the significant impact we make in that regard around the globe. But
discrimination, exclusion and unconscious biases are enormous problems that no
one's mastered, and we would never suggest that we have it all figured out.
What we know is we want to keep learning and we want to get even better.

We want to be leaders for all of U.S. industry in equality,
inclusion and diversity because we actually think we can make a difference in
the world when we do that. And organizations like the NAACP can help us, so we
welcome the opportunity to work with them. Indeed, we're excited about it and
enthusiastic to sit down and listen and learn together. We've reached out and
expect to begin working together in the very near term. And that's good news
for the people of American, for our customers and our shareholders. We look
forward to what lies ahead as a result of this effort, and we will keep you
apprised as our work develops.

So with that said, Chris, we are ready for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And our first question
comes from Michael Linenberg.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess 2 questions here. Derek,
I think you threw initially -- or maybe Robert, the capacity growth for next
year, the 2.5% on a flat fleet count. Is that, I guess, is that all gauge? Or
is there like a departure or stage length element in there as well?

DEREK J. KERR: Mostly gauge. Probably, 2 points of it gauge
and the rest, departures.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then
probably to Don, you know now -- or Robert. Robert, you actually talked about
domestic being strong again or positive again for, I guess, the fifth
consecutive quarter on the backs of the success or early success that you're
seeing with Basic Economy. Whether you or Don can just talk about that rollout,
I mean, I guess, we're 6 weeks into it, some of the pluses and minuses, any
modifications or changes that you've had to implement since the rollout, that
would be great.

ROBERT D. ISOM: I can start. It's been a smooth rollout. As
you know, we took a measured approach with test markets. Really made sure that
our team out in the field was aware and could handle and educated on the
product. And so far, so good. We don't see a lot of changes, and our
expectation is to hit the targets that we've talked about, Don?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Yes. I had to say, we introduced 1 million new fares into the
marketplace, right, so that always takes a bit of time to stabilize. But I
think we're at kind of a point right now where we're at a stable situation. I
think we're probably not quite where the whole industry is probably going to
end up from a pricing perspective, but we're kind of happy with where we are
right now.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Brandon Oglenski.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So maybe this one is for Doug or Robert. But
at the Investor Day, I think you guys highlighted to everyone that you've had a
lot of internal focus the last couple of years just bringing US Airways and
American together. As you look into 2018 and maybe some of those initiatives
come off, what are the big priorities that you guys want to focus on on
improving the experience moving forward?

OPERATOR: And pardon the interruption, Brandon. It looks
like the speakers' line has just dropped. I'm going to go ahead and leave the
queue as is. I'm going to reintroduce music until the speakers are
reintroduced. All right, so pause just a moment.

(technical difficulty)

OPERATOR: All right. Brandon, your line is back open. Please
restart your question.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Listen guys, my question was
really, you talked about all the effort you guys have had internally the last
couple years, merging US Airways and American Airlines. And as you look into
2018, I think a lot of those initiatives really trail off. So what is -- what
becomes more of an internal focus for you guys in '18 as you can redeploy some
people and assets and capital into more productive uses?

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'll start. Look, our game plan is to really
make sure that we make best use of what we've invested in so far, yet there's a
lot more to come. But we take a look at our aircraft, our fleet and the
opportunity for utilization and deploying aircraft where we think it makes the
most sense. And so that all plays into the one airline initiative as well,
where we think that we can grow revenues, we think that we can better utilize
our aircraft, facilitate low-cost growth and then, ultimately, deliver more
value overall. So it fits very well. But really the focus is, if you take a
look at what we've laid out so far, is to first deliver on what we've laid out.
We've got a couple of things that are still important in terms of integration,
and those are making sure that we get a contract between our mechanics and our
fleet service employees, and then, also, making sure that we deliver on getting
our flight attendants on all -- on one system and really fully integrate them.
And then it's really, at that point in time, it's a merged airline able to
focus on what we do best, and that's delivering value for our customers.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: I appreciate that, Robert. And I
guess as we -- you guys have attributed a lot of your revenue outperformance
this year to some of the changes you've made, [obviously], on your revenue
management system. Should we be thinking next year, though, you don't have that
level of outperformance on the industry and so you're going to look much more
like the average industry participant? Or are there still levers that you're
pulling on the revenue side?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, you saw from our Investor Day that we
have a set of initiatives that are laid out. And it deals with everything from
revenue management, and Don can speak a little bit about the new optimizer that
just came online here recently, to all of our sales efforts and getting back
out and really aggressive on that front, to making sure that we're flying and
deploying aircraft where they can be best utilized. So we see that all the
initiatives that we laid out is playing out over the next few years and
continue to advantage American. And in many cases, uniquely so because many of
these items are, in ways, catch up.

Some of the biggest initiatives that we laid out during
Investor Day, everybody's aware of Basic Economy, of course, but Premium
Economy is just in its infancy. And if you take a look at where we're headed
overall, I feel really confident that we're going to be continuing to
outperform.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Hunter Keay.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So the 2018 capacity growth is
about a point higher than I was expecting, which is my own bad modeling, I
guess, but I suppose that makes the CASM ex guide look that much less good than
I thought, or less okay or acceptable. So given that type of capacity growth,
and I guess this sort of dovetails a little bit with what Brandon just asked
you, but do you still feel like you can grow RASM faster than CASM next year
and expect -- effectively grow margins?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Hunter, I'll take a shot and you
guys can fill in gaps. First off, we always talk about CASM ex fuel, of course,
so you've got to make your own fuel forecast. But right now, it appears to be
up. But if you're talking about...

HUNTER KENT KEAY: And I'm sorry, CASM ex fuel, Doug. CASM ex
fuel.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: So can RASM grow faster than our --
what we have now for our CASM ex fuel guidance? Again, we're not giving a RASM
forecast, but that's certainly been the trend of late. And anyway, Don, what do
you want to say about that?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. We had, as we kind of finished the
third quarter, 4 consecutive quarters where our performance was materially
better than the rest of the industry. And so as we kind of lap that, we still
are going to have, in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, revenue that's
quite a bit better than the rest of the industry. So that, I think, just speaks
to the fact that we have a long list of initiatives, right, that are layering
on top of one another that continue to drive better unit revenue
year-over-year.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. And Hunter, I'll say this. We
-- demand continues to look strong. All the initiatives that we've talked about
are -- those aren't things that we hope to get done. They're largely done.
They're just kicking in. So we feel very good about that. So I'm happy to tell
you, look, if -- I will be disappointed if our RASM next year didn't exceed our
CASM ex fuel.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. Okay. And then on the cash flow. I
was looking at 2018, it's going to be a pretty solid free cash flow for you
guys given a few factors, even with the pension contribution. Derek, you said
you're comfortable with the leverage levels and you guys are probably not
focused on paying a 2.5%, 3% dividend. So is it safe to pencil in a pretty
sizable uptick in the buyback relative to 2017, holding all else equal on
margin assumptions and everything like that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Hunter, again, make your own
assumptions. What -- we can tell you what we can tell you, which is we think a
minimum cash balance of $7 billion.

DONALD B. CASEY: Liquidity.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Liquidity, I'm sorry, at American,
which is awfully high, relative to others anyway, is the right number for us
just because of the higher leverage. I think that's -- it's a better way to
protect ourselves against downturns or any unforeseen circumstances than being
less levered. So that's a number we look at. As you do your forecast, to the
extent you see us generating cash levels substantially higher than that, we've
always been of the view that once we've invested in our team, once we invested
in the airline, once we've paid down low-cost debt and invested in projects
within the airline that can create returns for our shareholders, that the right
thing to do is return to our shareholders. So that would be a rational
expectation of where the cash goes. What the actual cash flows are, again, not
numbers that we're projecting, but you're welcome to.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Jack Atkins.

JACK LAWRENCE ATKINS, MD AND AIRLINE, AIRFREIGHT AND
LOGISTICS ANALYST, STEPHENS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just to go back to
Hunter's first question there on CASM ex. Derek, could you maybe sort of
outline a couple of the items that are maybe driving a little bit greater CASM
ex inflation in 2018 than, I guess, we would have thought sort of before you
provided that guidance? Just trying to think about some of the puts that are
offsetting the efficiency gains that you outlined at the Analyst Day.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. There's -- I mean, there are 4 things
that are -- we believe will be higher next year. I mean, depreciation, of
course, because we have the aircraft that are coming in and we have to -- the
CapEx that we've had year-over-year, so depreciation. Our rents and landing
fees, I think, from a -- from that perspective, we project to be, from a CASM
perspective, a little bit up next year. Maintenance has a little bit of
headwinds in there. And then, of course, salaries and benefits is the other
one. But those 4 are the areas that we're focused on and that we know will be
there next year. But we believe we'll, hopefully, offset most of those higher
expenses to hit the 2% CASM that we talked about at the Analyst Day.

JACK LAWRENCE ATKINS: Okay. That's helpful. And then just,
Doug, I guess for my follow-up question, maybe just a broader question for you.
But certainly, when you take the items that you guys outlined at the end of
September at the Analyst Day, together, it paints, I think, a very optimistic,
a very rosy outlook for the business as you sort of move forward here. And I
think that's being reflected in the stock -- certainly, being reflected in the
stock here. But I guess, as you look out to 2018, things are setting out to be
quite favorable for you guys, it seems like. And I guess, as you look at the
business, what are some of the risks perhaps that you see out there that could
derail the story to some degree? Just trying to think through the risks that
could show up next year in what otherwise would be a fairly positive
environment for you guys.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Look, Jack, first off, we're
bullish. So it's a fair question, of course. There are always risks, but I want
to start out by saying, you're right. We're bullish. We feel good. We feel
really good about where American is. We feel good about the transformation
that's taking place in the industry. The kind of risks that you would look at
are the kind of things that could always happen in our business, economic
downturn. While the industry is dramatically transformed and stronger than it
ever has been and, I believe, permanently transformed, we're still a cyclical
business.

So if there's any sort of economic downturn, that would
provide -- pose some risk to the revenue performance. We're big consumers of
fuel, so fuel spikes could have an impact. Again, I would argue, spikes are one
thing, but if it's just increases, given where we are, I think what you'd see
is fares rise to levels to offset much of the fuel price increase. So look, I'm
not going to be able to give you anything that's dramatically different than
you would find and read in somebody's risk factors because the real issue is,
we're really bullish. We feel really good about where American is. We feel good
about where the industry is.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Helane Becker.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So I just have 2 questions. One is, at
Investor Day you spent a lot of time talking about kind of focusing on the
longer term and the outlook kind of beyond maybe 2017 and maybe even beyond
2018. And then on this call, you spent all your time talking about '17 and '18.
So I'm just kind of wondering if you can maybe talk about the longer term and
tell us what you're thinking about with respect to maybe -- I mean, I know
you're not going to talk about pricing, but just in terms of where you see
American in, say, 2019, 2021 time frame?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thanks, Helane. We'd love to do
that, but I'm conscious of everyone's time. We tried really well to do that
during the earnings call, but what I'll tell you is we know who we are. We are
a global hub-and-spoke airline with, as Robert said, a set of privileged assets
that allow us to do -- to provide service to customers that we think is
incomparable or certainly hard for others to replicate. And we know there's a
good bit of upside in our ability to do that.

What we expect -- what you should expect from us over time
is an airline that has a world-class product. We know full well that we have to
compete for all customers. But first and foremost, we want to make sure that we
have an airline that's the airline of choice for business customers, for
premium customers and we're doing -- everything we're working on now is
designed to make sure we have a product in place to do that, not the least of
which is a significant investment in our fleet, investment in satellite Wi-Fi
across all the aircraft and investment in our clubs, that -- all of this work
that has just begun in the last couple of years and has the airline already in
a much better place today than it was a couple of years ago and will have it
even better in the next couple of years.

We're going to work to make culture a competitive advantage.
That as much as anything is where we think the upside is. We have an airline
that -- because of its history, has -- still has our team members not as
engaged and excited as we would like them to be. And once we know that -- once
we have leaders in place that our team knows care about them, that provide the
tools and -- to do their jobs the way they know how to do it, that lets them --
that appreciates what they do, that understood -- that helps them understand
that what they do is incredibly important and that they make a difference so
that they go home at the end of the day feeling fulfilled, we know that will
have a huge -- that won't just be a better airline, that will be an airline
that people want to fly. That's a competitive advantage.

That's clearly not where we are now, but that's where we're
moving. We're going to continue to drive efficiencies, as Derek showed in our
presentation. That includes a lot of work that just happens once we get
integrated, but even more so, a significant amount of work under the leadership
of Maya and the IT team to make sure that we are at the leading edge of
technology for our customers and for our team, and we're going to do all that
with the mindset of thinking forward and leading forward, a team making sure
that we come out of this past of short-term thinking and have a mindset
throughout the organization that is always looking forward and thinking
forward. Something that we feel pretty good about, but we know we can do even
better and we expect to be leaders in that arena, so.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: So that's a great answer and I really
appreciate it. I just have one follow-on question, and that's when you guys
talk about the impact of the Middle Eastern airlines on your business, do you
think that as your product improves, their relevance in our market dissipates?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Look, the issue of the Middle East
carriers is not about their product. That's a symptom of the problem. When
you're subsidized and you don't care about making profits, you certainly can
put in place a product that's uneconomic because the flying itself's
uneconomic. But no, the answer to the Middle East carrier issue is not for us
to have a product that competes with them. The answer to the Middle East
carrier issue is for them not to be subsidized and for us not to have to
compete against countries, and for our country to step up and do what it needs
to do and make sure that we aren't forced to do that.

One of the biggest threats, if not the biggest threat, to
everything I just said about the long-term viability of our business is the
U.S. government not stepping up and making sure that countries -- that those 2
countries aren't allowed to continue to subsidize flying and to jeopardize U.S.
aviation jobs. We can compete against anybody as long as the playing field is
close to fair. What we can't do is compete against oil-rich countries that
don't care about making profits and that seem to have a different objective of
trying to help their countries through having an aviation practice that doesn't
make any money but brings people in and out of their countries.

So look, the good news on this is we've had productive
conversations with the administration. Myself as well as the CEOs of American
-- the CEOs of United and Delta met with some secretaries this quarter, and
we're encouraged by the reception. Still work to do, of course, but are hopeful
because this is as easy as it gets in terms of being able to create a case that
shows that American jobs are at stake because of policies of other countries,
and we should enforce ours. So anyway, that's not a product issue. That's a
subsidization issue and a really, really important one that we're screaming
from the mountaintops about, and people are beginning to listen, so we feel
good about it.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Jamie Baker.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: We're pleased with
the fourth quarter guide, Doug, I hope you saw the mea culpa this morning in
terms of the PRASM component. Well done. Don, that's for you, too, but I still
need to ask about margins. The gap to Delta is widening. Look, I know there's
seasonality in the business. But the fourth quarter guide looks to be one of
the widest gaps ever, post-merger, and that's even with the profit-sharing
change at Delta and an otherwise unimpressive ex fuel cost guide from Delta.

So my question is, when you decided to revisit the union
economics mid-contract, you were pretty insistent or confident that you would
see a return on that investment. I'm not seeing it. And maybe I'm just looking
in the wrong place, Doug. Maybe the goodwill that you sought to generate is
just taking a longer time to filter through to better passenger service. I
don't know. Any thoughts on that?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I got a lot. So first off, on the
mid-contract adjustment, absolutely positively the right thing to do. We told
you at the time you're not going to see it -- if all you want to do is look at
a spreadsheet, you should just raise your cost from what your estimate was. We
also told you that if we didn't do it, you should have lowered your revenues in
the future because we can't go do all the things I just said we're going to go
in the future and ask our team to work for less than their peers at other
airlines. We're not going to do that.

So yes, we're going to sign contracts. When we sign them,
they're going to be at those levels and yes. And no, we don't expect that
anytime someone else signs another contract that we need to match it. But when
we get to a situation like we did with our pilots and flight attendants, where
the contract we had put in place with that same sort of mindset and those same
sort of objectives, because of just some unforeseen competitive circumstances,
has them in a position where they're going to be well below their peers at
other airlines for an extended period of time, we think the right thing to do
is to correct that. You should expect to see us to do it in the future, if it
happens again. I don't expect it will happen again. But if it does, you should
expect us to do the same thing because it is the right thing to do for our team.
We can't go make culture a competitive advantage by asking our team to work for
less than their peers do at other airlines. So that was absolutely the right
decision. And we feel extremely good about it and always will.

As to relative margin performance, I will reiterate again
that we at American are focused on running our own game and don't spend a lot
of time focusing on what others are doing. We certainly don't define -- or
aren't going to define our success relative to others. So -- but having said that,
I'll entertain the comparison right now because I know it's important to you
all. The -- what I know is this. On a -- the trend itself, which I know you
know because you can see it in the numbers, is a cost trend, not a revenue
trend, and the cost trend is due to what I just said. We had to get our --
primarily due to what I said. We had a cost advantage in labor, and we didn't
think that was right and we don't think it's right, so we had to close it. So
that's the trend. That is not a trend I would expect you would see continue
going forward, but that's what's driving the trend in relative margins versus
Delta.

On the absolute basis, look, margins by region come and go.
Margins by hub come and go. And -- but what I can tell you right now is Delta
has an airline that flies over 40% of their flights in and out of Atlanta,
which is a really, really good hub. And if American flew 40% of its flights in
and out of Charlotte, we'd have a margin advantage to everybody in this
business because Charlotte's a really, really good hub. But we don't. So be it.
It's not about mismanagement or anything close to it, it's about the networks
that are currently in place at the airlines that give them that advantage. They
also have that advantage, by the way, in valuation.

So look, we look at where we are. We know who we are. We
know what we have, and we know there's enormous upside for our shareholders if
we go execute against the plan we've laid out. And like I said, we're not going
to define ourselves against what others are doing. The other key point I would
make here is they did their large merger some 6, 7 years ahead of American.
We're closing fast. So a lot of the upsides that Robert talked about -- and he
rightfully said we're playing catch-up. It's not -- we're not playing catch-up
because we were asleep. We're playing catch-up because we did our merger in
2013 and they did theirs in 2007 or '08.

So all those things will lead, I think, to the trend not
being an issue. And the absolute number, like I say, I mean, sometimes, some of
us will be in better conditions relative to others, given where our networks
are at any certain point in time and what region of the country we fly in and
what the competitive dynamics are, but the valuations will fluctuate
accordingly.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. And second, it's a bit of a
modeling question. I think it's where Hunter was going. But flown versus flown
capacity looks like it's going to be up at least 3% next year, ex fuel TRASM up
2% given where the fuel curve is. I mean, you're going to need something like
5% TRASM if you want to hit that $5 billion pretax figure. And you just said
that you'd be disappointed if TRASM doesn't exceed CASM, which is good, but I
guess the question is whether you'd be disappointed if TRASM isn't more than
twice the rise in CASM. I mean, you've got to admit, for '18 to be one of those
midcycle $5 billion pretax years, we really need to stretch our models at this
point. Should we just let go of that target for another year?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Look, the target's not -- is again,
one that we have said consistently is one that we believe over time we'll
average. What we say is good years on average, that's what we believe, that's
how we set our short-term incentive compensation for our executives, is if we
have an airline that makes $5 billion pretax, the incentive payments are 100%.
If we don't, they're less than that. If they're below $3 billion, there's none.
We've set that in place because we believe that's what the long-term earnings
power of this airline is. And we certainly believe that. It doesn't -- we've
not said and not saying today that, that means every year, you should go expect
we're going to be at that number. I'm not saying we're not either. I'm just
making clear that we didn't ever mean to suggest that every single year will be
that. What we said is we'd be in the range of $3 billion, $5 billion or $7
billion.

So 2016's not going to be one of those years. That's now
clear. 2017, I'm sorry. '16 was, that's really clear. So -- as was '15. '17
wasn't, I don't know if '18 is going to be or not. We'll see. That's again
something for you all to do your best to try and figure out based on the
information we provide. And a big missing piece of information that we don't
provide is what we think our full year 2018 RASM's going to be, but you can
make your own guesses as best as we can.

But what I can tell you is we feel really good about the
industry dynamics. We feel particularly good about American's ability to do
even better than the industry based upon all the initiatives that Robert and
Don have laid out.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Kevin Crissey.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm going to have 2 quick ones. Can you talk
about the progress on corporate sales?

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure, this is Don. We've made good
progress. This is now the third quarter in a row where we've seen improved
performance in our share and share gap. And in this quarter, we also saw an
improvement in average ticket value. And as we put more resources into our
sales organization, we've also focused on getting more small- to medium-size
companies with a corporate deal with American. And this year, we've added
16,000 small to medium corporate accounts since January. It's up -- an increase
of total small and medium corporate accounts of 50%. So we're very pleased with
the progress we've made in that front.

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'd just add a couple of other quick points,
and one is the team that we're bringing on, it will -- that's something that is
in progress, but we'll have over 130 new people out in the field by 2018. New
distribution capability, really allowing all of our customers to be able to
access all of our products, was launched back in June of 2017, will continue to
have a positive impact. And then one of the areas that we hadn't spent a lot of
time in, in terms of focus areas, the groups business is something that we've
been getting back into and seeing some good progress there too. So again, the sales
team under Alison Taylor's leadership is really doing what we had hoped.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Second question, maybe for Don. When
your -- and I assume it was you along with the team setting the RASM target for
the quarter. As I recall and looking at the data as well, the year last year
closed quite well and I think close-in bookings did well, particularly in
December, and the close-in environment isn't as strong this year. Can you just
talk about when you were setting that range, how you thought about that
situation?

DONALD B. CASEY: Well again, we've set the range based on
kind of where we are on a current [held] position as well as all of the
initiatives that we have in place that are going to continue into the fourth
quarter. As far as kind of the close-in yield situation, you know, our -- we
saw our close-in PRASM in the domestic business to be off just 2% in July and
August, but rebounded quite strongly in September. We think a lot of that has
to do with Basic Economy, and Basic Economy appears to be doing exactly what we
want it to do, and we think that's going to help us actually drive near-term
yields positive as we go through the fourth quarter.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Duane
Pfennigwerth.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD AND FUNDAMENTAL
RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm not sure if anybody's
already asked this, but can you talk about your revenue outlook by region
underlying your healthy 4Q outlook?

DEREK J. KERR: It was covered in my opening comments.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: My apologies.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: He wasn't on, Derek.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: You want to get it, Don?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes, I'll cover it. So domestic, we're
seeing, as we look forward, we're seeing actually yields up. So we're seeing
good yield performance in the domestic business. So we're expecting that to
hold up as we go through the fourth quarter. Atlantic, we expect to be pretty
similar to what we saw in the third quarter, where we see pretty aggressive
pricing in the coach cabin related to growth of low-cost carriers, but that's
being offset by strength in the premium cabin, and we think Premium Economy is
going to really help us as we move forward.

Pacific, we're actually expecting to be better in the fourth
quarter. This is tied to lapping some of the capacity increases we had last
year with new routes, as well as improved share performance we're seeing in
specialty channels to Asia and the response to the premium product that we put
in the marketplace. We didn't have full lie-flat product in the Pacific until
February of this year. We're seeing very good response to the quality of our
premium product.

And the Latin is the one market where there's the greatest
amount of uncertainty. The impact of the hurricane in the Caribbean, although
we're seeing right now, it appears so far that, that demand is holding up. Some
questions around the travel warning to Mexico, which we've seen a bit of
softness in Mexico. And we're seeing some capacity creep into Brazil. So
probably, the greatest uncertainty we see right now is in the Latin entity, but
we still expect it to be positive year-over-year.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: That's very helpful. Sorry to
make you repeat that. And then did you put any numbers to Basic Economy
contribution in the third quarter and what you expect in the fourth quarter?

DEREK J. KERR: We didn't, Duane.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from David Vernon.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So Doug, I wanted to ask you a longer-term
question about industry dynamics. And I think a lot of investors look at
changes in supply and demand and think that's going to be sort of the outright
change in yield for the industry and for each carrier. Are you seeing any
greater ability in the last couple of years to manage your yields independent
of what might be happening in supply and demand on a route-by-route basis?
Obviously, capacity is going to matter, but is it mattering a little bit less?
And if you could talk a little bit about what might be changing there, that
would be great.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Sure. Although at the end there, it
sounded like a short-term question on the longer-term issue. Let me do the
longer-term issue, and I'll let Don talk about whether, on the yield, if we're
seeing yield be able to manage irrespective of capacity, anyway. I have my own
views but I'll let Don answer it better.

On the longer-term issue, anyway, again, we can -- all we
know about is American's capacity plans and where we think we have growth. I do
happen to believe that what you're seeing in our industry is -- in terms of
capacity increases, is entirely consistent with what we believe is where the
industry is headed, which is toward -- in the final stages of a maturation
process, where you're seeing hub-and-spoke carriers filling out only in their
hubs and you see some attempts from ultra low-cost carriers and other carriers
to find markets, which they may or may not be able to do, largely point-to-point
and they find trouble as they move into hubs.

And so that doesn't feel to me like any sort of major trend,
but rather, like I say, kind of a -- the end really of getting this industry to
where I think we've been going for a long time, which is an intensely
competitive business, with 3 large hub-and-spoke airlines that do extremely
well doing what we do, and then some point-to-point carriers that can fly in
markets where they don't -- where what they do makes sense. And like I say,
intensely competitive, but not continually evolving. At any rate, with that
said, Don, on this yields versus capacity question.

DONALD B. CASEY: Well, I think we have a number of
initiatives that are part of our portfolio that's been rolling out that are all
designed around increasing yields. So Basic Economy, that increases yields.
Because while we were matching the fares before, by now, 50% of the people that
were buying these fares before are now going to be paying more than they paid.
So that's the increased yields. Premium Economy, which we're going to roll out
in the widebody, is again increasing yields. This is really a leisure product,
and we're seeing people buy up from economy into the Premium Economy cabin.
That's going to increase yields. And we now have the leading product, business
class product among U.S. carriers in the long haul and we're seeing tremendous
demand, which is allowing us to actually sell up through the fare ladder into
the premium cabin, that increases yields. All the initiatives we have in the sales
organization, right, it's getting a better share and we're seeing it today in
our high-value channels. All of that increases share or increases our yield
premium. And on the [RM] side, we've made a number of changes both in terms of
our infrastructure and to our business process, which is all designed around
selling up more effectively, which will increase our yields. And we have a host
of initiatives coming in the AAdvantage program later in 2018 and 2019, which
is going to attract more high-yield customers, which is going to increase
yields. So I think we've got a big portfolio of initiatives that are all
designed around increasing yields.

ROBERT D. ISOM: And Don, just to add one more, and that's
just around all the work that we're doing with ancillary products as well.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Appreciate the color, maybe just as a
quick follow-up. Could you help us understand where you see the distribution
model evolving over the next couple of years? Where -- how many customers are buying
directly from you today versus the GDS and how do you expect that to change
over the next, I don't know, maybe 5 years or so?

DONALD B. CASEY: We've launched our own NDC initiative, with
-- which we did this past summer. This is a long-term initiative, right. This
is not going to be a kind of knife edge. Our goal here is to be able to offer
more products and services to both our corporations and our travel agency
partners through our NDC product. It's not to replace GDSs. But it's got a
process that's going to roll out over many, many years.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: And do you...

(technical difficulty)

DONALD B. CASEY: We lost you, David.

OPERATOR: Looks like the line cut. Our next question comes
from Dan McKenzie.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Don, with respect to the full launch of Basic
Economy across the system, does that mean it's available on 100% of the
domestic flights or only where you face the ULCC competition? That's first. And
then I'm wondering if you can just help us frame the revenue exposure. Is that,
say, 10% or 3% of the revenue base that's facing some of this intense pricing
competition? I'm just trying to get a sense of the base exposure today because
the revenue guide is, of course, pretty encouraging.

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure. When we rolled out Basic Economy, we
rolled it out to the entire D 48. And so we have it in all markets, broadly,
across the entire domestic system.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Exposure.

DONALD B. CASEY: Our exposure to ULCC. If you take a look at
our total revenue pot, so that's revenue from all sources, and look at the
amount of revenue that we currently sell at ULCC fare levels, this was before
the Basic launch, it was about 3%. And so of the 3% that we sold at Basic -- or
sold at ULCC levels, about half of that now is being -- selling up into the
main cabin fare. So it's probably about a 1.5% of our total system revenue, all
revenue, total revenue, that we're currently selling at ULCC price level.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Second, Derek, if I can go back to
Hunter's question and help us to get a little bit smarter about forecasting
stock buybacks. How do we think about aircraft financing for orders that remain
aircraft orders? Obviously, aircraft CapEx slows down a lot, but there's still
kind of a chunk of change going into new aircraft. So 50% financed or bought in
cash?

DEREK J. KERR: I think as we look at, we're all done
financing everything in '17 and we also have financed a few aircraft into '18.
So our aircraft CapEx for '18 is about $1.2 billion. I would assume that we
finance 70% of that, 70% to 75% of that instead of full up. We may do some
sale-leasebacks depending on where the market is and do it all. But I think for
modeling purposes, I would use like 75% to do that. And just one other thing I
just want to correct from Mike's earlier question on capacity, when we talked
about 2018 capacity, I had it backwards, I apologize, but departures will be up
about 2% where gauge is up about 0.5%. So that's the 2.5% on a flat fleet. So I
just wanted to correct that from an earlier question.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Hey, we hate to cut people off that
have questions, but we have a hard stop in about 20 minutes and we need to get
to the media. We've got a couple of analysts lined up, it looks like, so we're
just going to speed answers on those and get to the media, if that's okay.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Joseph DeNardi.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: So Derek, if I back out the ancillary revenue
that will be put in to passenger revenue starting next year or the rev rec
changes, about 90% of other revenue next year will be the loyalty revenue that
goes through other. So is there a plan to either rename or break out that line
next year? Why would you continue to call it other when that's not really what
it will be?

DEREK J. KERR: Well, I think it's 80% is what the number
will be when we get done with it, but we have disclosed a fair amount of it. We
already have disclosed what the number is in that line. So that's -- you will
know what that number is when we have it. If we have one line that says that
and one that's other, that's the other 20%. We haven't thought about that into
next year, but I think that number that is in that line has already been
disclosed and will continue to be disclosed.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Yes, just buried a little in the Q.
But -- so Doug, it would seem like one of the maybe unintended benefits from
disclosures is to your labor groups, the stability that the marketing company
speaks to why they're part of a more sustainable organization than in the past.
So has that been a consideration as you think about providing more disclosures
and transparency? It feels like you guys are trying to find reasons not to
disclose and not really looking at some of the benefits, so what do you think
there?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We're not trying to find reasons not
to disclose. Joseph, we told you in the past, we have confidentiality issues
that make it hard. We try to be pretty transparent about it. But nonetheless, I
don't -- we don't have any issues in communicating with our team members as is.
There's nothing about our relationship with our team members that makes us
think, gosh, we wish they understood better how strong this company was. I
think they get it. Indeed, they're a big part of why that's the case. So I'm
not compelled by that. But nonetheless, we hear you on disclosure and
transparency. Look, the long and the short of this, Joseph, is at the end of
the day, that's a -- that's just yet another revenue channel for us and it's a
place that we collect dollars, even though they come through a credit card
company, because people use them and we use that to give people seats that we
could sell otherwise. And we aren't -- we don't generally disclose
profitability by revenue channel. And indeed, it's really -- while we can talk
about the revenues, it's really hard to talk to about the profitability because
what you're really talking about is the opportunity cost of an unsold seat. So
nonetheless, we'll keep working through this with you. I know it's important to
you. We certainly agree. It's a key part of our business and our team gets that
completely, and they know because they're a big part of the business, as is
that program.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Darryl Genovesi.

DARRYL GENOVESI, DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: So you guys, along with many of your peers,
have highlighted some unexpected cost items creeping into your business lately,
things like accelerating airport cost inflation, rising [CPA] cost, healthcare,
shortening useful lives. I mean, there's been kind of a long list from airline
to airline. But if I were to generalize, I can come up with explanations for a
lot of these. You've got tighter labor supply, tighter airport capacity, an
R&D cycle at Boeing and Airbus, and oil has taken a reasonable bounce. I
suppose these are all things that we could highlight as items that also restrain
supply growth and afford you and the industry overall some pricing power. That
being said, can you see any stabilizing factors on the horizon? For instance,
have higher wage rates yet resulted in an increase in entry-level labor supply?
Are growth investments in airports accelerating? I mean, anything like that. I
mean, overall, I guess what I'm asking is whether these items are -- whether or
not, first of all, you think they're real supply constraints? And then
secondly, whether you think any of them are going away?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Go ahead, Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'll just start with, look, our greatest
competitive advantage is our hubs and our gateways. And at the end of the day,
the more that we're able to execute our business model and being able to
provide connections and serving the broadest market possible, that is something
that we think is a sustainable advantage and something that is unique to
American and other large network carriers. And it's going to be where we put
our time and attention.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And Darryl, on the trends question,
I'd just add, and again, I'm not trying to actually reinforce the view that we
think there are enormous cost issues here, but certainly, as Derek said, there
are some areas like airport -- what's happening is, this is an industry that's
been consistently underinvested in for a really long period of time because we
weren't profitable, and airports require profitable airlines in order to go
invest. The good news is, we have that now and that's what's happening. You're
seeing huge capital improvements throughout the industry in airports. But yes,
that's not -- that won't continue over time. Once those investments are made,
and that's in the cost structure, that doesn't -- I don't think you would see
that continue. As it relates to the labor cost, as we said, we had a lot of
catch-up to do. Once everyone is on an equal basis -- we certainly are not
seeing, at our existing and now raised pay rates, any sort of issue in terms of
attracting and retaining great people. So -- and I imagine that's the case at
our competitors. So I wouldn't expect you'd see it once everyone gets on a
fairly level basis, certainly not at the levels you've seen in terms of wage
inflation going forward. So there are -- there is a lot -- there is a good bit
of catch-up that had to happen from a -- what was once a horribly inefficient
industry to one that is now investing for the long term in its people and its
airports. But once those investments are made, you shouldn't expect to see it
continue. We need to go to the media.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And our first question
comes from Mary Schlangenstein.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN, MEDIA, BLOOMBERG: I wanted to ask you
guys, JetBlue said on their call this week that they don't see tourism to
Puerto Rico recovering until the end of 2018. I wanted to see if you have sort
of the same view there? Or if you see a -- and they're talking about 100%
recovery, if you see that maybe on a shorter time frame?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Mary, we just don't know.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from David Koenig.

DAVID KOENIG, MEDIA, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS: I'm sorry if this
came up during the analyst session, I was -- didn't catch all of it. But Doug,
what do you make of the NAACP travel advisory? Did they tell you that it was
coming? And are you worried it will hurt sales? Will people book away?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Hey, David. So you weren't on at the
start, I guess. I did address that already. Anyway, what we think is it's a
great opportunity. We know that we work very hard to make sure that we are --
have a diverse and open environment and an organization that is -- we pride
ourselves on those things. We also know we can always get better. And so while
the initial reaction was certain disappointment because -- when you look at
that and think how can that be true of us? But once you get past that, and
think this is a fantastic opportunity because we want to get better. We always
want to get better. And what we think is business can lead the way in things
like this. It's an important issue for our country and our world. And
divisiveness seems to be getting worse, not better. It's things that we always
-- within business, you don't -- we can be leaders in this regard because we --
our employees are a diverse group of people. Our customers are a diverse group
of people. So we always end up being leaders in areas like this, but we can
also be leaders in making it better. So if the NAACP wants to talk to us and
wants to help us get better, we're excited about that. So we've already reached
out. We're going to work together to get better, and we appreciate their input
and we're excited about it.

DAVID KOENIG: And any worry about impact on bookings?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I don't know. We haven't seen anything,
but again, that is not the point. The work we're doing has nothing to do as to
whether or not -- is not about whether or not it has a financial impact on our
company. We're going to do it because it is the right thing to do to make our
company stronger. And that we care about. So this isn't about whether or not
people fly us. We've got -- people are flying us and that's not the issue. It's
about being a stronger company and providing leadership. So we're excited about
that.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Edward Russell.

EDWARD RUSSELL, MEDIA, FLIGHTGLOBAL: Derek, I wanted to ask
about the 5 loans and the 11 sale-leasebacks you mentioned in the third
quarter. Are those under the certain aircraft financings in the 10-Q that was
released this morning?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, they are.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay. And in terms of those aircraft, what
kind of aircraft were those 16 transactions involving?

DEREK J. KERR: Mostly narrowbody aircraft. I think all of
the MAXs were part of those. Some of those were refinancings of Embraer 175s
also.

EDWARD RUSSELL: So the MAXs that will be arriving through
the end of the year?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from John Biers.

JOHN BIERS, MEDIA, AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE: John Biers from
Agence France-Presse. I also have a question on the NAACP. Now, one of the
examples they pointed to was of a passenger who experienced discriminatory
conduct and responded and was removed from the plane. I wondered what is your
policy in this kind of example where a passenger is abused by another
passenger? And are you seeing more instances of this kind of conduct on your
flights right now?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay, first, I'll separate your
question from the issue with the NAACP because I don't want to conflate those 2
issues. If you're asking are we seeing an increase of customer issues on
aircraft, not to my knowledge. We have those from time to time, but our team
does a really nice job of deescalating issues and our objective is to make sure
we provide a product for our -- that makes all of our customers feel welcome
and we'll continue to do that, but we certainly -- we haven't seen any
significant trends one way or the other. These are very rare events when they
happen. We transport 500,000 people a day at American Airlines. And sometimes
we do have issues with customers and that -- and those -- and that's our
responsibility just as much as the other 500,000 people, so we take
responsibility for them. But there's no major trend going on in that regard, but
doesn't mean that they're not important. Anybody else?

OPERATOR: It appears we have no more questions at this time.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: All right. Thank you all very much
for your time. We really appreciate it. Any other further questions from
analysts, give Dan a call, and media, contact Corporate Communications. We
appreciate your time. Thanks.

OPERATOR: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for
your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102617a11014946.746










 EXECUTIVES (90%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (77%); CONFERENCES
& CONVENTIONS (76%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (82%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC (72%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(71%);

STEPHENS INC (69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (68%);

AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE (54%);

ASSOCIATED PRESS (54%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (82%); JPM (LSE)
(82%); C (NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%); 8710 (TSE) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK
(FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); AIRLINES (91%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (76%); BANKING & FINANCE (76%); AIR FREIGHT (73%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 November 9, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
28, 2017 Friday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 12214 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

* Derek J. Kerr

. - CFO and EVP

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Maya Leibman

. - Chief Information Officer &
Executive VP

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Stephen L. Johnson

. - EVP of Corporate Affairs

* William Douglas Parker

American Airlines Group Inc. - Chairman & CEO

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Director and Equity
Research Analyst

* David Scott Vernon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD and Fundamental
Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jack Lawrence Atkins

Stephens Inc., Research Division - MD and Airline,
Airfreight and Logistics Analyst

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
- VP

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Andrea Ahles

* Conor Shine

* David Koenig

* Mary Schlangenstein

* Susan Carey

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded.
(Operator Instructions)

And now I'd like to turn the conference over to your moderator,
Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go ahead, sir.

DANIEL CRAVENS: Thanks, Alan, and good morning, everyone.
Welcome to the American Airlines Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call.
Joining us on the call this morning is Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO;
Robert Isom, President; and Derek Kerr, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the
room, we have for Q&A session, Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer;
Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey, our Senior VP of
Revenue Management.

We're going to start the call today with Doug, and he'll
provide an overview with -- of our second quarter 2017 financial results. Derek
will then walk us through the details on the quarter, provide some additional information
on our guidance for the remainder of the year. Robert will then follow with
commentary on the operational performance and revenue environment. And then
after we hear from those comments, we'll open the call for analyst questions
and lastly, questions from the media.

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecast of capacity traffic, load factor, fleet plans and
fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events, but there are numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of these
risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this
morning and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning such as net profit and CASM, excluding unusual
items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is
included in the earnings release, and that can be found on our website at
aa.com.

A webcast of this call will also be archived on our website.
The information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we
undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us. And at this point, I'll turn
the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Dan. Thanks, everybody, for being on the line.
This morning, we recorded pretax earnings, excluding special items, of $1.5
billion and a pretax margin of 13.5%. Our earnings per share, excluding special
items, were $1.92, which is up 8.5% versus 2016.

We're particularly pleased with the revenue performance in
the quarter. Our unit revenues increased 5.7%, which is evidence that the
long-term investments we're making in American, in our product and our team are
working.

In the second quarter, we continued the most aggressive
fleet monetization program in commercial aviation history with the delivery of
20 new aircraft to replace older aircraft in the fleet. We expanded our Basic
Economy and Premium Economy products, allowing us to offer more choices to our
customers. And we introduced new technologies to make it even easier for our
customers to fly American like proactive bag notification and other
re-accommodation tools.

These long-term product investments are examples of how
we're working to validate the trust that's placed in us by customers when they
choose American and by all of you when you invest. And we believe that building
this trust starts first with our own team. We need an engaged, enthusiastic
team who wants to be the best airline in the world. Early in the quarter, we
gave unprecedented mid-contract increases in base pay to our pilots and flight
attendants, and we continue to make other significant investments in areas such
as customer service, training and team member empowerment. And we're working
hard to finalize the joint contract with our ramp on mechanic team members.

We're running American for the long haul, and we're
extremely bullish about the future prospects for our team members, our
customers and our investors.

Today's results provide validation around the right course,
and we're even more excited about what lies ahead. So we want to thank and
congratulate our 120,000 team members who are the ones responsible for these
strong results and the key to our future.

Derek is going to give you more color on the financials, and
then Robert will tell you more about the great work our team is doing and also
about some of the exciting revenue opportunities we have ahead of us. Derek?

DEREK J. KERR, CFO AND EVP, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. I'd also like to thank more than
120,000 team members for everything they do each and every day. As a result of
the outstanding job they do looking after our customers, we had another very
successful quarter.

As Doug mentioned, we filed our earnings press release and
10-Q this morning. In that release, our second quarter 2017 GAAP net profit was
$803 million or $1.63 per diluted share. This compares to our second quarter
2016 GAAP net profit of $950 million or $1.68 per diluted share. Excluding
special items, we reported a net profit of $944 million in the second quarter
of '17 versus our third quarter '16 net profit of $1 billion. Our diluted
earnings per share, excluding special items, was $1.92 per share, up 8.5%
year-over-year versus $1.77 per diluted share in the second quarter 2016. This
growth reflects the impact of our share repurchase program, which resulted in a
12.9% year-over-year reduction in our weighted average diluted share count. Our
GAAP second quarter 2017 pretax profit was $1.3 billion. Excluding net special
items, our second quarter pretax profit was $1.5 billion, resulting in a pretax
margin of 13.5%.

Turning to revenue. Our total second quarter operating
revenues were up 7.2% year-over-year to $11.1 billion. Passenger revenues were
$9.6 billion, up 6.5% on yield improvement of 4.3%. Cargo revenues were up
13.1% to $196 million, due to -- primarily to higher volume. Other operating
revenues were $1.3 billion, up 11.1% year-over-year, due primarily to revenues
associated with our new co-branded credit card agreements that we signed in the
third quarter of 2016. Robert will give more detail on our revenue performance
during his remarks.

Total GAAP operating expenses for the second quarter of 2017
were $9.6 billion, up 11.1% versus the same period last year. This increase was
due primarily to a 12.5% or $333 million increase in salaries, wages and
benefits as a result of the mid-contract pay increases that Doug talked about
as well as rate increases for our ramp in mechanic team members, which became
effective in the middle of the third quarter of last year. Higher
year-over-year fuel costs also contributed to this increase.

In the second quarter, CASM cost per ASM was $0.1334, up
9.6% year-over-year. Excluding fuel and special items, our consolidated CASM
was $0.1049, up 6.8% year-over-year, due primarily to the salary and benefit
increases, selling expenses due to higher revenues and aircraft-related
depreciation expense.

We ended the quarter with approximately $9.3 billion in
total available liquidity comprised of cash and investments of $6.9 billion and
$2.4 billion in undrawn revolver capacity. The company also had a restricted
cash position of $554 million. In July, our restricted cash was reduced to $490
million due to a reduction in our workers' compensation collateral
requirements.

During the quarter, our treasury team raised $645 million in
proceeds to finance 11 aircraft through private mortgages and sale leaseback
transactions. We also completed repricing on our $735 million facility secured
by our London Heathrow franchise at the rate of LIBOR plus 200.

In April, the company made a $279 million contribution to
its pension plans, which was $254 million in excess of the $25 million required
cash contribution in 2017. And as a result, all of our pension plans continue
to be fully funded under the Airline Relief Act.

In the second quarter of 2017, the company returned $500
million to its shareholders, including quarterly dividend payments totaling $50
million and repurchase of $450 million of common stock or 10 million shares.
Our share count has dropped by 35% from 756 million at merger close in December
2013 to 488 million shares as of June 30.

In addition to our earnings release, we also filed our
investor update this morning. Consistent with our previous guidance, in the
third quarter of 2017, we expect our system ASM growth to be up approximately
2.7%. For the full year, we continue to expect consolidated system capacity to
be up approximately 1.5%, driven by gauge up, approximately 2.5%; and stage
length, up approximately 1%, offset by 2% fewer departures.

We expect domestic consolidated capacity to be approximately
flat year-over-year and international capacity to be up approximately 4%, primarily
due to the continuing impact of the 777-200 retrofit program and the
year-over-year impact of new Pacific markets that were added in 2016.

We continue to expect the rate of CASM growth to decelerate
throughout the remainder of the year. We expect our third quarter consolidated
CASM, excluding fuel and special items, to be up approximately 4.5%, with
mainline up approximately 5% and regional up approximately 2%. Our fourth
quarter consolidated CASM is expected to be up approximately 3%.

We are forecasting fuel prices to be up approximately 8% in
the third quarter. Based on the forward curve as of July 24, 2017, on a
consolidated basis, we expect to pay between $1.57 and $1.62 per gallon, which
is slightly higher than our previous guidance.

Using the midpoint of guidance we provided, we expect our
third quarter 2017 pretax margin, excluding special items, to be between 10%
and 12%.

Our annual CapEx assumptions remain unchanged. As we
continue with our fleet renewal program for the full year, we expect gross
aircraft CapEx to total $4.1 billion, which includes the delivery of 57
mainline aircraft and 16 regional aircraft. In addition, we expect to invest
$1.6 billion in non-aircraft CapEx for integration work and projects to improve
our products and operations.

Notable product investments completed in the quarter include
new Admirals Clubs opening in Houston and Toronto, a major refurbishment of our
JFK lounge and the induction of our last 777-200 for retrofit. We now will have
lie-flat seats on all 777 fleet.

In conclusion, our team produced outstanding results in the
second quarter, and we look forward to continuing this trend. This is a busy
time of year for our more than 120,000 team members, and I would like to thank
them once again for all they do to continue the success of American Airlines.

With that, I'll turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. I'd also like
to begin my remarks by thanking our 120,000 team members for the strong second
quarter results. Without them, none of this would be possible.

Over the past several earnings calls, we have talked a lot
about the many commercial and operational initiatives to improve the overall
experience at American, and it's rewarding to see many of these projects come
to fruition as they move from planning phase to implementation. We successfully
launched Basic Economy, and our new Premium Economy cabin is also performing
well. We also continue to make important long-term investments in things like
customer service training, facilities improvements for both our employees and
customers and technology investments to improve the overall customer
experience.

In addition, we just launched a Phase 1 of our dynamic
re-accommodation and proactive bag notification self-service applications. And
those will be followed by other customer self-service tools that will provide
improved capabilities for our customers.

The airport experience is also becoming more customer-centric
with our new flagship experiences as well as new and refreshed Admirals Club
across the system. The first flagship dining location debuted at JFK on May 25,
generating significant media interest and price from the traveling community.
American is leading the way in premium travel experience, and the great news is
that there's more to come as we expand our updated flagship lounges and new
flagship first dine-in experience to other key international gateways over the
next 18 months. All these investments are beginning to bear fruit, and we're
very excited about the opportunities ahead.

Our operational performance continues to gain momentum as we
make progress relative to our domestic peers in each of the core operating
metrics. One notable area where we continue to close a competitive gap is in
our mishandled baggage MBR performance, which improves 17.4% year-over-year
based on DOT reported data. The extraordinary effort of our front-line team
members to drive this sustained improvement is remarkable, and it's encouraging
to see investments in new technology, operation centers and new ground service
equipment producing intended results.

(inaudible) a new Basic Economy product into 78 markets in
the U.S. and Canada. The early results continue to be in line with our
expectations, with approximately half of our customer -- with approximately
half of the customers given an option to buy up to Main Cabin choosing to do
so. We expect to roll out Basic Economy across our domestic network by the end
of September.

In addition, we're very pleased with the customer adoption
of our new Premium Economy product, which has an average up-sell rate of more
than $400. These seats are now being installed on our 777-200 aircraft, and we
expect to have most of our other widebody aircraft retrofitted with this highly
differentiated seating choice for international customers by the end of 2018.

Turning to revenue. The overall environment is robust, and
we are pleased with our performance in the second quarter. Our second quarter consolidated
PRASM was up 5%, and our second quarter TRASM was up 5.7%. Our significant
investments in our people, product and new corporate sales initiatives are
paying off, and when coupled with our new revenue management tools, changes to
our AAdvantage program and our new mobile platform, the results have been
impressive.

In domestic, our consolidated PRASM was up 5.7%. We saw
strength across the board, with Philadelphia and Miami leading the way with
double-digit increases. We continue to implement a number of revenue management
initiatives for the premium cabin, and these are proving to be very effective.
Our sales initiatives with our high-value channels are also gaining momentum as
we continue to see strong performance, with gains in corporate share, share
graph -- share GAAP and average ticket values.

Our Latin America performance overall was very strong, with
PRASM up 15.1%. Positive Latin PRASM is driven by strong performance in all
entities, an improved trend from the first quarter of 2017, where only South
America had positive year-over-year PRASM performance. We expect positive Latin
year-over-year PRASM performance for the remainder of 2017.

Atlantic PRASM was flat year-over-year but a more than 5
percentage point improvement from the first quarter's year-over-year
performance. Premium cabin pricing and yield management initiatives, improved
share performance with travel management companies and easing comps from past
terror events will continue to contribute to 2017 year-over-year PRASM performance.

The U.K. is showing the largest PRASM improvement on a
year-over-year basis due to improved premium cabin performance. However, the
overall environment remains challenging as low-priced carriers grow
substantially, resulting in a weaker pricing environment for coach travel.

Across the Pacific, PRASM was positive for the second
quarter, a sign that we are turning the corner on our capacity build-out for
the Pacific. Both Japan and Australasia had strong year-over-year performance.

Second quarter cargo revenue improved 13.1% year-over-year
on strong volume growth, continuing that trend we've seen since the latter half
of 2016.

As we look forward to the third quarter, we do face
difficult year-over-year comparisons that uniquely impact American. In the third
quarter 2016, we benefited from competitive pricing actions, IT disruptions at
one of our competitors and the Olympics. That said, we still expect positive
unit growth in the third quarter.

Regionally, our domestic PRASM is expected to be positive
for the quarter in spite of some unique events that benefited last year. We
think Latin America will again be our best-performing entity with performance
in line with the first quarter. The Atlantic is expected to be flat and the
Pacific in line with the second quarter.

Looking forward, we continue to be excited about our
operational commercial investments and the value that we expect them to create.
While our year-over-year comparisons do get more challenging as we lap the
impact of our new credit card deal, the start of a stronger revenue environment
in South America and some unique events last year, we expect our third quarter
TRASM to be up approximately 0.5% to 2.5% year-over-year. Although this is
lower sequentially than second quarter, this has more to do with 2016 than any
trend for 2017.

Our comps for the second quarter were comparatively easy,
while the comps for the third quarter are -- were comparatively hard for the
reasons I've stated. The best way to view this is to look at the 2-year -- the
year -- over 2-year comparisons. When viewed through this lens, the second
quarter and third quarter unit revenue change is almost identical. And thus, we
feel very good about our second quarter revenue performance and similarly good
about our third quarter performance. And we also expect that our fourth quarter
unit revenue performance will be better than our third quarter estimate.

While we have a lot of work for us to do, we're encouraged
by what we have achieved so far, and we look forward to the future.

And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator and begin our question-and-answer session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we would take our
question from Jamie Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, given your
2-year capacity view as well as your view on just sort of technology in
general, by the end of 2018, do you expect to have greater, fewer or the same
number of employees as today?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I don't know, Jamie. But I think we
will be growing over that time. So I wouldn't expect we would have more people.
Again, we'll see as we move forward. I don't -- it's not something we -- it's
not a number we project.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. Also, can you tell us what
percentage of the fourth quarter revenue is already on the books and what gives
you the confidence in the fourth quarter RASM guide that you've delivered
exceeding the growth rate of the third quarter? I mean, it implies a rate of
sequential improvement that I think is better than anything you've witnessed
since the close of the merger. So just wondering what the contributing factors
are to the confidence there.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: There's so much on the books for the
fourth quarter, but that's more of what we see on a year-over-year basis versus
2016. So it gets -- but the third quarter is particularly a difficult comp, and
the fourth quarter is less difficult. So things stay the same. You should -- we
expect we will see more improvement in the fourth quarter than we expect to see
in the third quarter.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Darryl
Genovesi with UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug or Robert, you guys have guided to $1
billion potential benefit from cabin segmentation. I believe that was a number
that you guys used to talk about. Do you still think that's a good number? And
can you give us a sense of how much of that you might expect to come through in
2018?

ROBERT D. ISOM: We do think it's a solid number. And we're
making great progress. As I said, Basic Economy is going to be rolled out
throughout our domestic system by September. And our Premium Economy product is
really dependent on how fast we retrofit our fleet. We should have that done by
the end of 2018. And as we look past 2018, that should be in our numbers.

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, this is Derek. I would -- no, I was
going to say that the big piece of that is Basic Economy, and as Robert said,
we'll have that all rolled out by the end of the year. So that should be all
reflected in the 2018 numbers. Premium is the one that's going to take a little
bit longer to be put in as we change the aircraft over.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. And I guess United initially rolled
out its Basic Economy product, all the way up and down the fare ladder. Well, I
think Delta's was only at the bottom 3 rungs. And as I understand it, your
Basic Economy product looks more like Delta's than it does United's. If the
primary objective of Basic Economy is to segment the market in such a way as to
compete with the ultra low-cost carriers without diluting the premium fare from
the late-booking business traveler, then don't you need to offer Basic Economy
all the way up to zero-day APE? And assuming that's correct, does your Basic
Economy product, as you structure it today, prevent you from being able to do
that?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Okay. This is Don Casey. When we roll out our entire product,
you'll see exactly how we think the appropriate way to structure the product.
So we're not going to disclose exactly how we're going to implement it. So I
think it's a bit too soon to jot exactly how we're going to -- what our plan
is.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I want to follow up on Jamie's
second question because I think it's important. And I would kind of appreciate
a little more thorough answer. I think the market would, too. On the 4Q
commentary, if you want to give a number in terms of percentage bookings,
that's fine, but I think we should really get a sense for how you feel so
comfortable about that. I think there's a lot of floppiness and volatility in
the closing pricing, which you alluded to. I just don't want us to become an
overhang in the stock for the next 5 months. So like, how can we be sure that
you feel good about that -- hitting that number? I would imagine that you see
like a pretty substantial gap between 4Q and 3Q to even put that out there. So
what gives you the confidence, just one more time, to say that that's going to
be better?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, the same thing, again. People
don't book that part of events, as you guys all know, so I don't know, Don,
what do we have percentage bookings on them?

DONALD B. CASEY: More than 14%.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: About 15% bookings. So that 15%, for
what it's worth, gives us some confidence, and that -- but it's only 15%, so
that is not the source of the confidence. What we're -- the point we're trying
to make is when you look -- our third quarter comp was particularly hard. Our
fourth quarter comp looks less hard. If -- based on what we're seeing today, if
it stays where -- if demand -- if the demand environment stays where it is
today, we expect the fourth quarter increase will be greater than the third
quarter. It's really about '16 and '17, it's about '17 staying where it is.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. All right. And then on distribution,
you had the Distribution Summit last month. I guess it was. Can you talk about
for a second what kind of feedback you've gotten from the TMCs around the
direct connect concept since that conference? And how much of that is driving
your expectation of corporate share gains? And can you help people understand
what you're trying to do that's different than the industry in terms of sort of
tailoring, I guess, specific products or specific corporations and how you bank
on that driving share gains?

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don again. First of all, our NDC
strategy is a long-term strategy, right? It's not a short-term strategy. And so
we don't expect anything we're doing right now at NDC to have any impact on the
corporate share performance. Having said that, we're getting a lot of momentum
in corporate share performance with all the other things that we're doing. Our
focus in our NDC initiative is to provide kind of tailored and bundled products
to corporations that are going to be integrated into the booking systems that
they use to manage travel, and that's going to be a value-added proposition to
our corporate customers. But it's a long-term strategy, not a short-term
strategy.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Andrew
Didora with Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Derek, I know you've put out a goal of, I think, some 2% CASM ex growth
in 2018 and beyond. How do you think about pretax margins in that context
assuming sort of the historical correlation of fuel with fares? Do you think
you could ever get back to a level somewhere in between 2015 and 2016 pretax
margins? Or is that sort of too aggressive right now?

DEREK J. KERR: No, I mean, it depends on -- as you said, it
depends on where fuel goes and where things are. But I think in an environment
where we're at today, I think we can have margins that are above where we're at
in '17. CASM growth stays in the 2% range. We have a lot of initiatives that
we've talked about that are signal to us on the revenue side where we would
have revenue growth higher than that, that would produce margins that are
comparable to those times in '15, '16 time frame. So I think the margin growth
is there over the next few years. And we've talked about our $5 billion number,
and we believe that that's where we can be from a pretax income perspective, up
and down -- range around $5 billion over the next few years. So we're very
confident with that.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Great. And I guess just to follow up a
little bit on Hunter's follow-up to Jamie. Obviously, another airline spoke of
some weaker domestic pricing out there in the market yesterday. So with your 4Q
comments, it seems like you're not seeing this weakness spill over into your
markets. Can you maybe talk about what you're seeing within the domestic
pricing environment right now?

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don again. I mean, what we're
really observing is just carriers are matching other carriers' prices. In our
case, for anybody flying into our hubs, we've been matching their fares since
the middle of 2015. So from a competitive perspective, nothing has changed for
us. And in fact, we're quite excited about rolling out Basic Economy because
that is the tool we've been waiting for to put in place in the fourth quarter
of this year. That's going to allow us to continue what we're already doing,
which is matching the fares of anybody that flies in and out of our hubs. But
it's also going to give us the opportunity to generate more ancillary revenue
and generate more up-sell to the product that we offer to customers today.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD AND FUNDAMENTAL
RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH DIVISION: Look, you guys have done a
really nice job improving your revenue trends for the last year. Since you made
some big leadership changes late last summer, so you clearly deserve credit for
that. I wanted to ask you some follow-ups on Basic Economy. Can you talk about
any positive share shift you may be seeing? From the fact that you don't have
it yet, have you noticed any positive share pickup out of Chicago in June and
July?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Look, we've really only rolled out Basic
Economy in 78 markets. We anticipate that this is going to be beneficial in the
long run. And from what we can see right now, it's going to be beneficial. It's
producing the results that we want. And anything that others may or may not say
hasn't really shown heck a lot in our numbers.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: I guess the question is more in
markets where you don't have it but a competitor does. Seems like you'd be
seeing some positive share shift.

DONALD B. CASEY: Obviously, we saw some -- I would describe
it as fairly modest share shift in closing bookings. But based on changes that
have been made to United's pricing structure, we do not expect any of this to
continue into the third quarter and that the impact to the second quarter was
very marginal.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: And indeed, as we put it in place,
it would actually increase our revenue generating performance versus where we
are today without having it in place.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: I appreciate that. I guess the
question is, does an inventory management still matter? And again, you deserve
credit. You're clearly focused on -- it seems like you care about pricing. But
if an airline puts out garbage walk-up fares at Basic Economy and then adds $20
to it and calls it Main Cabin, isn't Main Cabin fare just a garbage walk-up
fare plus $20?

DONALD B. CASEY: I just -- if somebody flies into our hub,
right, we are going to match their fares, right? And that is what we're going
to do. I mean, we do sell our pride, so we do yield management in all of these
markets. And we sell up out of the -- you'll also see our pricing structure a
very high percentage of the time. But that's all based on individual market,
but we do yield manage -- we have managed out of those pricing structures as
demand warrants, but we will, with our basic product, match whoever flies in
and out of our hubs.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Jack
Atkins with Stephens.

JACK LAWRENCE ATKINS, MD AND AIRLINE, AIRFREIGHT AND
LOGISTICS ANALYST, STEPHENS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just sort of going back to
the fourth quarter expectation that you outlined in the press release and some
of the comments there. I guess thinking about having Basic Economy fully rolled
out by the end of September, could you maybe comment on how accretive you think
that could be to the fourth quarter RASM number? Because I think that maybe is
part of the optimism that you're sharing today.

DONALD B. CASEY: I'm not going to give you a number because
once we roll it out, we're going to have to figure out what the right price
points are and kind of how it settles out in the marketplace. So we don't have
a specific number that we're going to add into the fourth quarter. We've had a
number of initiatives, right, that we had all year that we've seen the benefits
to. As Doug mentioned, 2017 is more about 2016 than 2017. And we expect all of
the improvement we've seen through the first 2 quarters, right, to continue
into the fourth quarter because of the initiatives that continue into the
fourth quarter.

JACK LAWRENCE ATKINS: Okay, Don. Just to stay with you for a
moment, if you could maybe just expand on the comments earlier just from a
geographic perspective. Just curious the trends that you're seeing in Asia.
Other carriers have commented on continued deterioration as you move -- as they
move through the second quarter and into the third quarter in Asia. What are
you seeing there? Are you seeing the same thing? And then in Europe, the
comments, I think, were generally positive in the prepared remarks. Now that
we're getting more towards the shoulder season of U.S. travel, would you
continue to expect to see the same type of positive trends, I think, which is a
surprise to the upside in Europe thus far this year?

DONALD B. CASEY: Let me just start with the Pacific. I mean,
our situation in the Pacific is a little bit different, right? So in the
Pacific, for us, okay, we rolled out a lot of new service. So we started 4 new
services from Los Angeles last year. We're going to lap the fourth of those new
services in September, Los Angeles-Hong Kong. So from our situation, okay,
we're now just kind of growing into the capacity that we have out there. In
addition to that, we've improved our premium product in the Pacific. We didn't
get to a full lie-flat product in February of this year. We're seeing very
strong demand for our premium product in the Pacific. So the combination of
kind of lapping all of our new service and growing into that capacity as well
as the improvements that we've made in the premium product may be changing our
profile compared to others. But the Pacific, again, we've had a couple of
positive quarters, and the third quarter looks very similar to us. As far as Atlantic
goes, Atlantic is challenging. The fundamentals are challenging. There is
excess capacity in the marketplace. The capacity has been driven by low-cost,
low-price carriers. What's offsetting this for us is, again, strong premium
cabin performance, again, partly because the premium market is strong, but plus
we believe we now have the industry-leading premium product on the
Transatlantic, and we're seeing very strong demand for that product. We're
seeing strength in U.S. point of sale, that demand, which is also important for
us. And last year, we had relatively low load factors, so we were able to
increase load factors. So strong premium cabin performance, combined with load
factor gains, really offset what is a really weak coach pricing environment.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Savi Syth
with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just if I could dig a little bit
more on the corporate share comments. Could you provide any color on the
progress there? And even to the extent that I appreciate the Premium Economy
comment about when that gets rolled out, but are all your international fleet,
is that now -- have fully lie-flat, a very competitive product? And then are you
gaining share from that aspect as well?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Don can help me out here, but we're
definitely seeing share gains from our product on all fronts. And again, that's
in place this summer for the first time, so adding to strength. And as we look
at the Premium Economy, it's just on a limited number of aircraft right now,
just 10 aircraft. By the end of the year, it'll be 63 aircraft. And I think in
the first quarter...

DONALD B. CASEY: 77.

ROBERT D. ISOM: 77. End of first quarter of 2018, 77. But we
do anticipate that, that strength will continue to hold as well.

DONALD B. CASEY: I'll just say, in the corporate front, this
is the third quarter in a row where we've seen both gains in our share and also
our share gap in the corporate market. We've also seen stronger yields. So
average check-in values are up. We've seen particular strength this quarter in
professional services, industrials and in financials. So again, we're very
pleased with our performance in corporate.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Okay. That's helpful. And if I may
follow up as one more way to kind of craft the 4Q issue here. Just looking on a
2 year-over-year basis that you mentioned for -- looking at 2Q and 3Q. If I
look at 4Q, it seems like a tougher comp just on a 2 year-over-year basis, so
which is why I'm kind of curious. Is the difference between like 3Q and 4Q, is
that kind of the Brazil Olympics and the fact that you gained from some of the
technology outages last year, and so not having those pressures in 4Q is what
really drives that outlook? Because if I look at it on a 2-year basis, it
doesn't seem to have an easier comp.

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. Let me take that. Again, we've been
through improving our sequential performance now for 6 straight quarters. And
so once you go over 1 quarter, the comps do get harder. But we had some
specific things related to this quarter that put us up trend line that were
baked into 2016 last year. You've identified a number of them. The other big
issue we had last year was there was a lot of disruptive pricing action in the
marketplace last year in the third quarter. And we ended up with actually a
price advantage for a period of time, which helped us materially in the third
quarter last year. And so as we look at our -- again, we look at the trend line,
we look at the initiatives we have, and the traction we have and the Basic
Economy rolling out in the fourth quarter, we see an improvement over the
second quarter -- sorry, third quarter.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Helane
Becker with Cowen and Company.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I would like to ask an unrelated question.
I think you guys have talked about something like $2 billion to $2.5 billion in
revenue opportunity over the next few years that you see from some of those
things that you're doing. And I'm just kind of wondering, one of the things you
needed was, obviously, buy in from labor. And so I wanted to know, have you
seen significant improvement in -- I don't know, on their on-time performance
and their participation and their buy in to your plans since the labor
agreements went into place?

DEREK J. KERR: Helane, I'll tell you this -- I think our
people -- our team has always been behind us. And from our perspective, we want
to make sure that we're supporting them in the ways that we need to, and we
can, so that they can do their jobs that they want to do even better. And
that's what we see. We see people that really can make use of new tools, new
technology and support from the leadership team. And so I'm pleased with where
we're headed. We have buy in, people get excited about new aircraft, people get
excited about new product in terms of seats, they get excited about lounges and
flagship dining. And as we take a look forward as you noted, we have a lot of
confidence in the revenue initiatives that we have coming forward. And some of
those are finishing off reconfiguration programs and looking at even some
others. And it's finishing off product launches that -- from basic and premium
that we think are really going to pay off. So all in all, we're optimistic and
very pleased with the support we have from the team. And it's only going to
grow as we get stronger.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay, great. And then just one other
question on IT investment. As we look forward and think about your investment
in the products that you're doing, but also and I know -- I think I asked this
question last time as well. What about back office and ensuring that cyber
attacks and IT outages and other things don't impact you? Can you just talk a
little bit maybe about the redundancies in your systems and how you're ensuring
-- because I think I saw also you're going to the cloud, the IBM cloud, right.
Services for some of your systems. So I'm kind of wondering how all that ties
together. If you could talk a little bit about that.

MAYA LEIBMAN, CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER & EXECUTIVE VP,
AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Yes. This is Maya, and I'll take that question.
When we think about our technology investments, they fall into a few different
camps. And one of those camps is what we call ensuring the reliability and
stability of our systems because we know how disruptive that can be to our
customers and to our employees. So we will always have a big chunk of
investment focused on things like improving our disaster recovery capabilities,
making sure that we are replacing systems and components that are end of
service life and certainly protecting us against cyber-related initiatives. So
big chunk of investment focused on that, and that will always be the case going
forward.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Brandon
Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess I want to come back to Helane's
question because I feel like on the last earnings call Wall Street was taking a
pretty short-sighted view on the pay increases. So I don't know, can we revisit
the philosophy here on pay and how you encompass that into closing the margin
gap? We know where Delta's guidance is for next quarter, and that was quite an
issue for your competitor last week. So I guess, Doug, can you just talk about
how you can get to better profitability long term, and how that pay philosophy
works into that outlook?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, look, we are not particularly
concerned about how our -- about how we measure our success versus others. What
we care about is making sure we're doing everything we can to make American
everything it can be. And to do that, it's important to us that our team is
properly engaged and that includes compensation. So we -- there's been a long
history here at American of some labor discord that we are working hard to
overcome, and that includes working really hard to rebuild trust with some
people that lost trust over a lot of time. So what that means to us is we need
to make sure our team understand that we're here to support them. They know
exactly what to do and how to do it. Our job is to make sure they have all the
tools and products they need to go take care of customers the way they do so
well. We're doing all that as Robert described, but it also means that we live
up to the commitment we made when we did this merger, which is we're going to
-- if we have an airline that has the revenue generating capabilities of other
airlines, we need to be able to pay our people as other airlines do because of
the way those 2 contracts have transpired, we've gotten to a point that in
those 2 cases, our team was going to be working for less than their peers in
other airlines for a few years. That didn't seem right to us, so we addressed
it. and we made that commitment to the rest of the team. If we find that in the
future, that we have -- their peers are doing the same job that they do at
other airlines but not doing as well as they do, they should know that the
company's going to address that, as we should. So we feel pretty good about
that commitment. And it's one that is going to help us move forward. My own
view is all the things we talked about in terms of product enhancements and
that we're doing like -- and all the capital investments we're making are going
to be sub-optimized if we don't -- if we continue to treat our team members the
way they feel as though they've been treated in the past. So the way to
actually get those investments to achieve their real value is to let our team
go be excited and fired up about the company they work for, and give them an
environment that they know cares about them so that they can go take care of
our customers. And that's what this is for. It's for the long term, not the
near term. We know it's the right idea. We knew it was the right idea when we
did it, and did our best to impress that upon you on the last quarter's call, and
I'm certain it will play out over time. A decent point -- time for me to make
the point that, again, we're in this for the long term, and we look at
investments in the long term and we looked at this mid-contract pay increase as
a long-term investment as well. And we feel good about the long-term. You all
-- we get on these calls, we spend a lot more time talking about the near term
than we do internally. That's fine. That's something that you all care about a
good bit more than we do, and our job is to make sure that we address those
concerns for you. I'll tell you that when we talk to our shareholders, these
are the kind of conversations that we have, we talk a lot more about the long
term with our individual shareholders, and we're really pleased to see how our
shareholder base has become -- has gotten to be a lot more long-term holders
because I think they appreciate what we're doing at American to build for the
long term. So anyway -- it's a long way of me saying, we don't just look at a
world that says how it's going to affect next quarter's earnings. We look at a
world that says, what's it going to do to make sure that American, over time,
produces the kind of returns for our shareholders they deserve, and that
includes making investments in the near term that'll pay off in the long term.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: I appreciate that response, Doug.
And I guess as we look out over the long term, I know you guys are going to
have an analyst meeting in a couple of months, maybe we'll save it for that.
But is there any reason why you think your airline, your network can't be
industry-leading from a return perspective or margin perspective?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I don't know, it depends on what the
others do. What I know is, what we've said in the past and again, the best
evidence I can give you is the way we compensate our executives. We've built an
airline that we know over time and indeed, in the near-term time, not in the
distant future but today should be able to produce $5 billion pretax earnings
in a normal year, $7 billion in a really good year, $3 billion in a not-so-good
year. That's the company that we have here. That's what we believe we have,
that's how -- that's not just a goal, that's how we build our incentive
compensation plan for our team. If we have a year when we make less than $5
billion pretax, our executives get less than target bonus. If we make $5
billion, they get target bonus, we make more than -- if we make less than $3
billion, they're not going to get a bonus at all. That's what we've built. And
we feel really good about where we are in that regard today. As we look to next
year, we'll talk more about that as we get to earnings, as we get to our
investment day, and as we get closer to 2018. But 2018 looks like a year we can
-- again, it certainly does look like a year that can't be kind of one of those
target years. So we feel really good about where the company is today, what our
prospects are for the future, and we're really bullish for our investors, for
our team members and for our customers. We have the investments we were making
for the last few years beginning to pay off already, and there's a lot more
ahead. So we're excited.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 questions on the card program, I'll try
and get more creative next quarter. So Derek, just on the accounting of it, is
it fair to say that the revenue from selling miles, which flows through the
passenger revenue line, has cost associated with it, Those cost being providing
free travel or some other reward but that the revenue from selling miles, which
flows through the other revenue line does not have much in the way of costs,
negligible bag fee waivers, lounge access, that type of thing? Is that a fair
characterization?

DEREK J. KERR: I mean, we lump it all into one. I mean, the
amount that goes through the other revenue line is more the marketing-driven
side of things. But we lump it all into one. There's expenses for all of it to
provide travel for our frequent flyer. So there is a definite cost to it. As we
-- as you talk about -- over the past time, all we have said is that the
increase in the new credit card deal that we did was more rate-driven than it
was volume-driven. It was just an increase in the rate as we went forward and
negotiated with our cardholders. So we had said that, that was at -- came at
not too much of a cost. But if you look at the overall program, there is costs
associated with both of those dollars that come in to provide travel for our
frequent flyers.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then you mentioned or
quantified the average upsell on the Premium Economy side. Can you do the same
for -- on the Basic Economy side from the 50% upsell in Basic Economy, what's
the average upsell?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay, this is Don, again. I think -- we've
set the structure to start. These are our tests in our beta markets at $20
upsell and $40 upsell in the closing bookings. But as I said earlier, even
though that's the upsell, the yield management system will potentially sell up
from that, beyond that, that's just the starting point. So if we just look at
the initial sell up point, that's about $23 because most of the volume is at
the $20 sell up rate.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from David
Vernon with Bernstein Financial Health.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: With the Premium Economy, can you give us a
sense for what percentage of the international seats when it's fully rolled out
will be premium versus sort of regular economy? And whether you have any plans
to expand the Premium Economy into the U.S. market as well?

ROBERT D. ISOM: I don't know if we have...

DONALD B. CASEY: It's about 20 to 28 seats a plane. These
are widebody airplanes that have 250 seats, 280 seats. There's no plan right
now to go domestically.

UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: No plan.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: Okay. I guess as you think about maybe
longer term, the vision around the flagship experience, if we were just to say,
look out 5 to 7 years, what do you think is going to be changed about the
travel experience on American? Like what's the vision about what you can do
from a customer experience perspective that you think will be either special or
unique or will help you kind of deliver a better travel experience over the
next call it 5, 7 years?

DEREK J. KERR: Well, this is the start of it. So the
flagship lounge and flagship dining are product we have plans to expand over
the next year, 1.5 years. And that's a continuation of making sure that we're
meeting the needs of our premium traveler. So when you're taking a look at the
hard product in the aircraft and making sure that we have the best first and
business class hard product in terms of seat and entertainment. When you take a
look at our product on the ground with flagship check-in or the lounges. And
then in terms of how we serve our customers with technology and with our personal
attention through things like the AAdvantage program. We've got all the tools
and the great news is that there is more comment in every one of those
categories. So when we take a look at the premium customer, we think that
things are definitely going to be improving and they're going to have value for
the money they spend on American.

DAVID SCOTT VERNON: And do you envision things like
agentless boarding and things like that? Like more automation kind of hitting
the ground-based operations as well? I'm just trying to get a sense for how you
think this is going to shift. Do you think there's some potential there to
change that experience in a meaningful way?

DEREK J. KERR: Well, Maya can help me out here, too. Look,
customers demand gratification instantly in many respects. And so we want to
give them what they want and what they need, whether it's personal attention or
technology to make their days easier. So the process for customer in the
airports is going to get better and better from a baggage perspective and also
from a transit through the airport and on the aircraft. And the real advantage
is I think for the vast majority of customers that we can provide is when
things do go wrong or when things are disrupted, we can make things a lot
better in giving options on an immediate basis. And then personalization is
something that I think is out there, the more that we can stay connected with
our customers, the more that we know what they want, when they want it, and we
have means to deliver it, right?

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Kevin
Crissey with Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe one, I'm not sure, maybe for Don. If an
airline files a fare on its website that differs from the ATP co-filing, how
quickly do you see that and how does that affect your pricing strategy
generally?

DONALD B. CASEY: We track every channel. And if we see
prices, we will respond to price action in any channel.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: So then the match would be at the
lower of the 2 fares, is that the way, I assume, you would take that?

DONALD B. CASEY: We will match whatever fares are in the
marketplace in our hubs.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Okay. Maybe bigger picture, can you
talk about your view on the Transatlantic. The thoughts of the effectiveness of
the low-cost model over time, maybe the pros and cons? I don't know if that's a
proven model, but maybe you could talk about the pros and cons of the low-cost
model. Obviously, you're not operating that model, but it's important because
it's obviously having an impact on Transatlantic leisure demand.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, I think the best place to go to that is
to the low-cost carriers. I can't really predict how well they're going to do.
I can tell you though that we have confidence in being able to compete against
them. The nature of our system and our hub and spoke network and the gateways
that we have I think provide us with a unique opportunity to deliver a
higher-quality product, one that people will pay more for and with a lot of
content that can't be delivered by the ULCCs. So it's going to be a competitive
marketplace. We know that there's a lot of capacity coming, but we feel
confident in our ability to compete no matter what goes on with the ultra
low-cost carriers.

DONALD B. CASEY: And I'll just add, one of the competitive
tools that we have is our business arrangements with IAG. And IAG has the
ability to go launch new (inaudible) levels. And so we are participating in
this market through our partnership with IAG. Because the level services are
part of our joint business relationship with them.

OPERATOR: And at this time, we'd like to take questions from
the media. (Operator Instructions)

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Operator, before we leave the analysts,
I would -- just a little gratuitous commentary from me again. Look, I just want
to stress, again, how excited we are about where American is today, and where
we're headed and again, I believe that if you go and model in what we've been
telling you, which is this is an airline that can produce over $5 billion
pretax profits on a normal year, we feel that today, that we're undervalued. It
feels at least to us, to me, that things like these near-term pricing issues
that have been happening for the last few years feel like still part of the
market that just can't believe the industry has really gotten itself well, and
is looking for a time when -- looking for signals that, indeed, we're going to
default back to the industry of the past. Almost like this is too good to be
true. And what we've noticed over the last few years is those tend to be buying
opportunities. So that's what it feels like to us. We felt undervalued before
yesterday, and we felt more undervalued when yesterday was over. So again, I would
just encourage those of you that can to look at American in today as to what we
produced and what we will produce going forward, not so much about what's going
to happen in the next 3 weeks but more about what's going to happen in the next
3 years, and that we feel good about both those things by the way. We just
don't think what's going to happen in the next 3 weeks has any impact
whatsoever on our value today because that should be based on what we're going
to do long-term over the next few years, and we couldn't, again, be more happy,
more excited, more bullish about that. So if we -- by no means are trying to be
dismissive of your concerns about the near term, we recognize that's important
to some subset of our shareholders and we'll do everything we can to answer
them. But just please understand that if we don't have quite the same level of
concern as you do, it's because we don't view this as importantly as some of
you do. Because we're in this for the long game, and we're going to keep doing
it for the long game, but we'll do our best to keep addressing those concerns
of those of you that care about the short term. All right, media?

OPERATOR: And at this time, we will take our next question
from Andrea Ahles with Fort Worth Star-Telegram.

ANDREA AHLES: So earlier this week, the TW is out protesting
-- picking up at the DFW airport, and one of the things they talked about --
well, they didn't talk about specifics of the company proposal that was offered
last week, they were making the point about outsourcing, that they want to see
actually some of the work that had been outsourced under previous contracts
brought back in house. And I was wondering if I could get some comments from
you and the team about your thoughts on bringing some of these work that's
currently being done by third parties back in-house.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, thanks. Again, we, indeed, are
in the middle of negotiations. The company, in an effort to bring to a close,
the contract negotiation that's been going on too long, put a comprehensive
proposal on the table in the last week and we'll leave that at the table. Our
IMT in the U.S. have been doing a nice job of doing that too, as you note, they
haven't talked about specifics of our proposal. But look, I will tell you on
the point you raised, American does more work in-house than any other airline
and nothing in our proposal seeks to change the amount of work done by our
aircraft mechanics and where it's done. So we'll continue to work with them,
but this isn't -- we are -- we're trying to get 2 contracts to come together
and they have different kind of work rules and scope clauses and things like
that. We put a proposal to our team that results in a contract where our IMT
and TW members, that is industry-leading just like we have in every other
contract we've gotten done. So we're confident we will get that done at some
point in time. We need to continue to work through it with our team and we
prefer to do it with them as opposed to talking about it in public. But as it
relates to outsourcing, we, again, American does more in-house than any other
airline, and that will be the case going forward.

ANDREA AHLES: Do you think you guys can come to an agreement
before the end of the year?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I don't know, Andrea. Look, we'd
like to. This is the one contract we still haven't gotten done. But again, not
for lack of trying on either party's part, it's a very complex one. We're
dealing with 2 separate unions that have formed a coalition alliance, they're
forming an alliance to work together, they're working together. That's hard.
They haven't worked together before. It's 7 different workgroups covered by
this alliance. So 2 different unions, 2 different contracts, 7 different
workgroups going through it clause by clause takes some time. As you know,
about 1 year ago, we came to the conclusion that it was taking too long and it
wouldn't be fair to our team, so we worked out a early kind of, not joint
agreement, but an agreement with the alliance that allowed our team members to
get significant pay increases. And so that's happened, that's the good news is
that they're not far from industry-leading wages as we sit here today. So we've
taken care of that part. Now we've got to get this to a joint collective
bargaining agreement. I know we will at some point, if it's done by year-end or
not that's up to negotiating parties just to try and do that. We certainly are
trying to do that by putting this comprehensive proposal on the table earlier
this week, and we're waiting to hear back from the IM/TW, I suspect we'll
shortly -- we'll keep it on the table and hopefully, hammer something out. What
gives us encouragement, of course, is we've done this with every other
workgroup. When we get done with them, our team has industry-leading contracts,
that would be the case here, so we'll keep working through it.

OPERATOR: And we will take our next question from Mary
Schlangenstein from Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Don talked earlier about an average
upsell in the Basic Economy and I didn't get those figures. Can I get those
again, please?

DONALD B. CASEY: Sure. So the structure we have in our test
markets is a $20 upsell, we have $40 upsell closer to departure, and the
average upsell rate's at $23 because most of the volume is happening further
from departure because as we head closer to departure, we actually sell up
actually out of this -- out of the basic structure.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Great, great. And if I can ask, Doug,
so I kind of hear that you're saying that the emphasis on RASM and other
near-term numbers like that, you think are misplaced in terms of valuing the
company. So what would you see as a better measure if investors want to look at
something near term, what would you rather see them look at?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: The long term? Look, again, it's up
to our investors to decide how they value a company, and that's their job and
they know how to do it. So I'm not trying to tell anybody how to do it. Our
point is simply this. As we look to the value of American Airlines, near-term
pricing changes don't have any impact at all on what we think the value of our
firm is. And none of these things feel like trends in the environment, they
feel like noise, they feel a little bit like things shaking out. But what I
know is this, we have an airline with a hub and spoke network that allows us to
compete against anyone in and out of our markets for the long term. And we feel
extremely good about that, and we are making huge investments in our team and
our product such that, that network will be able to compete with anyone with
similar networks. And as a result, what we know is we have an airline that's
going to produce results in good and bad times, that will give really nice
returns for our investors, give a really nice product to our customers and give
a really great place to work for our team members, and we're excited about
that. So again, we're not trying to tell anyone how they should value the
company. Rather just noting that when prices fall in the near term, we don't go
run off and change our 5-year plan, we don't go off and tell our executives how
we're going to lower our targets for your incentive compensation because
someone else has gone and decided they're going to have some price skirmish for
a while. Those are all short-term things, and we aren't supposed to make
decisions for the near term, we're supposed to make things for the long term.
Our team is doing a phenomenal job at doing that, and we feel really, really
bullish on the future. And as a result, we tend to talk about those things more
than the shorter term.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Conor Shine
with the Dallas Morning News.

CONOR SHINE: I was hoping that you guys could talk about the
decision around the Boeing 737 MAX seating arrangements. Why did you consider
going to 29-inch pitch for some of those seats? And how did your whole
experience with that -- how that's going to affect how you think about density
decisions in the future?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'll try this, and anyone else can chime
in. Yes, the decision, again, was released not by us, but somehow in a way that
I think overstated a situation, but that's fine. I mean, what we had at one
point planned to do on our 737 MAX's was get 3 rows in the aircraft to have --
would have a 29-inch pitch, notably these are new state-of-the-art slimline
seats, very high in comfort, but also much thinner than the existing seats, so
29 inches feels like something bigger than that. But nonetheless, that piece of
information came out on its own, and when it did, we got a lot of pushback from
our customers and most notably, from our team members who care as much as
anybody in the world about having the product they need to take care of the
customers. So when we started hearing from our flight attendants and others
like, oh, gosh really, you're going to put us in a position where we need to
explain to these customers that, indeed, this is necessary so that we can have
one more row of Main Cabin Extra for the rest of the airplane? It was an issue
that we came to the conclusion wasn't the right position to make and again,
back to this long-term point, while we can convince ourselves that, that might
be able to produce somewhat higher revenues on the aircraft, what it was doing
to our perception with our team wasn't worth it. So we decided to go back to 30
inches for those 3 rows. And again, 30 inches on a slimline seat, which will
feel more like 31 or 32 inches, and to go with 1 less row of Main Cabin Extra.
It wasn't a hard decision for us frankly once -- it was a decision that had
been made in a different environment. And as we announced it, it was about to
happen when we got pushback from the team, we agreed with them.

DEREK J. KERR: The only thing I'd add was it was never about
more or less seats on the aircraft. It really is just one row of Main Cabin
Extra that was allowed that is just then converted back to a row of normal
economy to produce the 30 inches. So it's a balance that we got -- that we
constantly take a look at, and I think in this case, we took feedback from all
the right parties, and made the right long-term decision.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from Susan
Carey with Wall Street Journal.

SUSAN CAREY: Two little questions. First of all, on your
China Southern investments, the $200 million, I assume that's a done deal now.
And I wondered what percentage of China Southern you own a result of that
investment? That's number one.

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON, EVP OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Hi, Susan, it's Steve. We haven't actually closed the
transaction yet. We're waiting for some final government approvals related to
the slot exchange. We expect to get those -- I was going to say this month, but
in early August and can close the transaction then. And I actually haven't done
the calculation, but there's sort of 3-ish percent of China Southern.

SUSAN CAREY: Okay. I'm asking, obviously, because I'm
wondering whether given the airline casino that opened yesterday among Delta,
Air France, VA and China Eastern, whether, a, You have an opinion about the
transaction just from afar; and secondly, are you kind of motivated or have you
thought about investing in your partners in the same manner?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, this is Doug. Look, we're very
happy with our partners and the partnerships we have in place, particularly
those that we either have joint ventures with or are working to get joint
ventures with. We always look at ways we can strengthen the partnership, that
may make some sense over time. To date it hasn't made sense for American with
any of our partners, except China Southern where, indeed, we needed to help a
new partner appreciate that we were in this for the long term. But the rest of
our partners, one, they're on pretty sound financial footing and aren't coming
to us looking for investments; and two, already have really long-term
commitments with each other. So again not to opine on what others are doing,
I'm sure that they have reasons that I'm sure make sense, but my guess is that
the basis for those reasons is ensuring that you have long-term partnerships
where everyone is equally committed. We feel that way already. But as we move
forward, that may or may not be something that makes sense for us and our
partners, but really happy right now with the partnerships we have and the
long-term commitment to each other.

OPERATOR: And we would take our next question from David
Koenig with Associated Press.

DAVID KOENIG: Susan asked my question. Let me pivot then to
kind of a Washington question. You've got -- there's been no visible action yet
on your complaint against the Gulf carriers, the Senate looks like it's not
going to go along with privatizing your traffic control and they're raising the
PFC, which is going to mean higher prices for your customers. And I'm
wondering, how do you think Washington is doing on your issues and are you
concerned that your agenda is not going to get enough attention because of all
the chaos and other issues that are going on there?

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON: This is Steve, again. We aren't
concerned. I mean, let's face it, there's a lot going on in Washington and
there's a lot of drama. And we have top issues, issues for which there's some
real opposition. And it's just -- it's not really a great environment in
Washington in July of 2017 to have the kind of discussions that we need to have
to really get these issues focused on and across the finish line. I mean, we're
all looking forward to everybody being able to escape Washington for the August
recess and have some time to get away from the drama. That will be an
opportunity to have some really good discussions about issues and hopefully,
we'll be able to reset and focus on other things in September and October and
be able to move these issues forward.

OPERATOR: And it appears there are no further questions at
this time. I'd like to turn the conference back over to our presenters for any
additional closing remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thank you all very much for your
interest. Any questions, reach out to either Dan in Investor Relations or our
corp comm people for the media. We appreciate your interest in listening in.
Thanks for your time.

OPERATOR: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude
today's conference. We'd like to thank everyone for their participation. You
may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072817a10731728.728










 EXECUTIVES (93%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING
(66%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (92%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (82%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(70%);

STEPHENS INC (69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (68%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (67%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); C (NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%);
8710 (TSE) (82%); JPM (NYSE) (82%); JPM (LSE) (82%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); AIRLINES (91%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT BANKING (76%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (76%); BANKING & FINANCE (75%); AIR FREIGHT (73%); CAPITAL
EQUIPMENT LEASING (66%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 August 15, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
27, 2017 Thursday




Copyright
2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 14411 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

* Derek J. Kerr

. - CFO and EVP

* Donald B. Casey

American Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management

* Maya Leibman

. - Chief Information Officer and
EVP

* Robert D. Isom

. - President

* Stephen L. Johnson

. - EVP of Corporate Affairs

* William Douglas Parker

American Airlines Group Inc. - Chairman, CEO, Chairman of
American Airlines, Inc and CEO of American Airlines, Inc

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Director and Equity
Research Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD and Fundamental
Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace and Defense

* Jack Lawrence Atkins

Stephens Inc., Research Division - Research Analyst

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - VP

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Andrea Ahles

* Conor Shine

* Dawn Gilbertson

* Mary Schlangenstein

* Ted Reed

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group First Quarter 2017's Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being
recorded. (Operator Instructions)

And now I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go
ahead, sir.

DANIEL CRAVENS: Thanks, and good morning, everyone, and
welcome to our First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining us on the
call this morning is Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, President;
and Derek Kerr, Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room with us for the
Q&A session is Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People and Communications; Bev
Goulet, our Chief Integration Officer; Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer;
Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey our Senior VP of
Revenue Management.

Like we normally do, we're going to start the call with
Doug, and he will provide us an overview of our first quarter 2017 results.
Derek will then walk us through the details on the quarter and provide some
additional information on our guidance for the remainder of the year. Robert
will then follow with commentary on the operational performance and revenue
environment. And then after we hear from those comments, we'll open the call
for analyst's questions and lastly, questions from the media.

But before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning revenue,
our future revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor,
fleet plans and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and
expectations as to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could
cause actual results to differ from those projected. Information about some of
these risks and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued
this morning and our Form 10-Q for the earnings call -- for the quarter ended
March 31, 2017.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as net profit and CASM, excluding unusual
items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is
included in the earnings release, and that can be found on our website at 

.

A webcast of this call will be archived on our website. The
information that we're giving you on the call is as of today's date, and we
undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us. And at this point, we'll
turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER, CHAIRMAN, CEO, CHAIRMAN OF AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC AND CEO OF AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks a lot, Dan. Thanks, everybody, for being on the call. This morning, we
parade our pretax earnings, excluding special items of $491 million. We are
extremely excited about the near and long-term prospects for American Airlines
and our shareholders. We are in the midst of transforming American to
investments in our product entity, and it's working. Our unit revenues are
increasing at a faster rate than our competition, and the outlook is strong. So
Robert will talk more about that in a minute. Whereas I just want to talk a
little bit about an initiative we put in place last night. Many of you have
heard us talk about the mission at American, which is to validate the trust
that is placed in us. That is trust our customers placed on us when they choose
American for their travel and the trust all of you put in us when you select
American as an investment choice. And at American building trust for us starts
first with our own team. We announced yesterday that impacts our expenses, but
it's also -- it's a very important step as we rebuild trust at American with
our team.

The announcement yesterday was that we would make
mid-contract pay increases for our pilot and flight attendant groups, which is
an unprecedented move because those 2 groups have closed to 2 years left on
their existing contracts and to the best of our knowledge, something like this
has never been done in our industry. And so therefore, it's a move that might
surprise or even dismay some of you because it adds cost to the airline, but we
couldn't be more convicted about doing it and here's why.

When we merged, we knew we were creating not only the
largest airline in the world, but we're seeing it to be set up to build the
best. And that's best defined by a global network of best-in-class product and
an engaged and enthusiastic team. With our industry profoundly changed, we made
a commitment when we merged. The new American would have pay rates for our team
that were at or near the top of our competitors' pay rates, and I am happy to
report that we've lived up to the commitment in every joint contract we
negotiated, thus far. Also, the reason last fall in spite of not having reached
an agreement for our mechanics and fleet service workers, we moved their pay
rates to industry-leading rates in an unprecedented move since -- as those
contract negotiations have continued. But it was the right one -- it's the
right move for the new American. So we're going to keep leading this way
because it's the right way to lead any service organization and certainly the
right way to lead American Airlines. There's a history at American that spread
some mistrusts, and we're working hard to change the culture and the team is
making great progress in that regard. We recognized pay alone won't build
trust, but we also know it's an important step in the right direction.

As outlined in our 8-K last night, the expense add is about
$350 million annually or something less than 2 years -- I'm sorry, less than a
little over 2 years as our contracts were amendable at the end of 2019 and
early 2020. That's certainly a lot of money of our shareholders. But in a
bigger picture and taking a longer view as a service organization, investments
in our team are investments in our product. And the leverage at American today
is enclosing our unit revenue GAAP, and we believe this is an investment that
will help us do that and therefore, help our shareholders. We think it's
precisely this kind of investment in our people's going to make the difference
in our service. And while this won't happen overnight, we also think it's the
kind of investment that will drive -- that will continue to drive revenue
outperformance for American. And as that happens, all of you will be the
beneficiary of those returns.

So in closing, we're tightening the revenue gap quickly and
our investments to accomplish this are going to continue. Because we work for
all of you, you can be assured we're using your money to create an airline for
the long term. We couldn't be more excited about our prospects.

And now I'll turn it to Derek for the financials, and then
Robert will talk more specifically about how we're doing with the operation and
then our revenue progress. Derek?

DEREK J. KERR, CFO AND EVP, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Right. Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to
thank our 120,000 team members who continue to do an exceptional job of taking
care of our customers. Because of their hard work, our integration efforts and
financial performance have been outstanding.

As Doug mentioned, we filed our earnings press release this
morning. In that release, our first quarter 2017 GAAP net profit was $234
million or $0.46 per diluted share. This compares to our first quarter 2016
GAAP net profit of $700 million or $1.14 per diluted share. Excluding special
items, we reported a net profit of $308 million in the first quarter of 2017 or
$0.61 per share versus first quarter 2016 net profit of $765 million or $1.25
per diluted share. The significant year-over-year decline in earnings is due
primarily to a 37.8% or $472 million increase in the first quarter 2017
consolidated fuel expense.

Our GAAP first quarter 2017 pretax profit was $365 million.
Excluding net special items, our first quarter pretax profit was $491 million,
resulting in a pretax margin of 5.1%. Our revenue performance continued to
improve in the first quarter 2017, as total operating revenues were up 2%
year-over-year to $9.6 billion. Passenger revenues were $8.2 billion, up 0.8%
on a yield improvement of 2.4%. This marks the third consecutive quarter that
our unit revenue performance has been the best of the 6 largest U.S. carriers.
Robert will give more detail on our revenue performance later on the call after
I'm done.

Cargo revenues were up 6.3% to $172 million due primarily to
higher volume. Other operating revenues were $1.3 billion, up 9.3% versus the
same period last year due primarily to revenue associated with our new credit
-- co-branded credit card agreements.

Total GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were $9
billion, up 11.4% versus the same period last year due primarily to higher fuel
prices and salaries and benefit expense resulting from the investment in our
team.

At our first quarter 2017, fuel prices have been flat to
last year's $1.21 per gallon. Our consolidated fuel expense would have been
approximately $500 million lower.

First quarter CASM was $0.1402, up 12.6% year-over-year.
Excluding fuel and special items, our consolidated CASM was $0.1116, or up 7.6%
year-over-year due primarily to salaries and benefits increases provided to our
team members, which is about worth 3 points, higher depreciation and
amortization resulting from increased CapEx in our aircraft -- new aircraft
about a point and maintenance timing of about a point. We ended the quarter
with approximately $9.1 billion in total available liquidity comprised of cash
and investments of $6.7 billion and $2.4 billion of an undrawn revolver
capacity. The company also has restricted cash position of $543 million.

During the quarter, our treasury team raised $983 million to
finance 24 aircraft deliveries at a fixed rate blended cost of 3.93%. We also
repriced a $1.8 billion term loan at an industry-leading rate of LIBOR plus
200. In addition, we also closed 2 private mortgage transactions to finance 4
more aircraft.

In the first quarter of 2017, the company returned $563
million to its shareholders, including quarterly dividend payments totaling $51
million and the repurchase of $512 million of common stock or 11.7 million
shares. Including share repurchases, shares withheld to cover taxes associated
with employee share distributions and equity awards and the cash extinguishment
of convertible debt, our share count has dropped by over 1/3 from 500 -- excuse
me, 756.1 million at merger close in December 2013 to 495.7 million shares as
of March 31. The company did declare a dividend of $0.10 per share to be paid
on May 30, 2017, to stockholders of record as of May 16, 2017.

In April, we also made a $279 million contribution to the
company's defined benefit plans, of which only $25 million was required, which
are now fully -- the plans are now fully funded as of April 17, 2017, under the
Airline Relief Act.

In addition to our earnings release, we also filed our
investor update this morning. Consistent with our previous guidance in the
second quarter of 2017, we expect our systemwide ASM growth to be up
approximately 1.5%. For the full year, we expect consolidated system capacity
to be up approximately 1.5% and domestic consolidated capacity be up
approximately flat year-over-year. We expect international capacity be up
approximately 4%, primarily due to the continuing impact of the 777-200
retrofit program and the year-over-year impact of new Pacific markets that we
added in 2016.

Over the past 2 years, we have made significant investment
in our people, our product and our operations. And as Doug discussed in his
remark, we are offering midyear contract hourly base pay rate adjustments of
approximately 5% to our flight attendants and an average of 8% to our pilots.
The estimated pretax income on the company's 2017 salary and benefit expense would
be approximately $230 million in 2017 and $350 million in 2018 and '19. Those
are numbers that come off the base that we are at today. So the total impact is
$350 million. We're happy to be able to fulfill the commitment we made to our
team members and continue to believe these investments are vital to improving
our product and operations. With these pay rate adjustments, we now expect our
second quarter of 2017 year-over-year consolidated CASM, excluding the special
items to be up approximately 7%. Mainline is in the range of 6% to 8% and the
regional is in the 3% to 5% range.

We continue to expect higher year-over-year fuel prices in
2017 based on the forward curve as of April 24. We expect to pay between $1.63
and $1.68 per gallon consolidated in the second quarter of '17, which is
approximately 16% higher year-over-year.

Using the midpoints of the guidance we just provided along
with Robert's revenue guidance, we expect our second quarter 2017 pretax
margin, excluding special items to be between 11% and 13%.

For the full year, we expect gross aircraft CapEx to total
of $4.1 billion. This includes the delivery of 57 mainline aircraft and 16
regional aircraft, while retiring 46 mainline aircraft and reducing the overall
regional fleet count by 9 aircraft. In addition, we expect to invest $1.6
billion in non-aircraft CapEx, which includes the projects to improve our
product and operations as well on investments to complete our integration.

With respect to our fleet, we announced in our release this
morning that we reached a new amended agreement with Airbus to defer delivery
of the 22 A350 XWB aircraft the company has on order. Under the new amended
delivery schedule, we expect to take delivery of the first 2 A350 aircraft in
late 2020 instead of 2018 as previously expected. We now expect to take
delivery of these A350s from 2020 through 2024 with an average deferral of 24
months. In addition, we also reached agreement with Boeing to defer the
delivery of 2 787-9 aircraft from the second quarter of 2018 to the first
quarter of 2019. These changes as well as the impact of changes to net
predelivery payments reduced the company's planned capital expenditures by
approximately $500 million in 2018 and approximately $300 million in 2019 and
2020 and provides us with the additional widebody capacity flexibility.

So in conclusion, our team produced outstanding results in
the first quarter, and we look forward to more of the same as we move into the
peak summer travel period. I would like to, again, thank our 120,000 team
members for the great service they provide to our customers.

With that, I will turn it over to Rob.

ROBERT D. ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek, and good morning, everybody, and thanks for joining us. I'd like
to start by recognizing our 120,000 employees, my colleagues have done
outstanding work over the quarter, and we've asked a lot of them over the few
-- over the last few years that they've really delivered.

The first 3 months of the year, we saw continued improvement
across the enterprise, including operational improvements, fleet refresh,
customer experience and team member engagement. We continue to make smart
long-term investments in things like customer service training, facilities
improvements for both our employees and customers and technology to improve the
overall customer experience. These investments are starting to pay real
dividends, and we're really excited about the trajectory that we're on.

Our operation continued to take big steps forward in the
first quarter. But despite the impact of Winter Storm Stella in March, which
disrupted the operations at stations in the southeast, mid-east and Northeast,
American team members set new post-merger operational records in February for
mainline on-time departures, on-time arrivals and mishandled baggage. We had 8
days without a single mainline cancellation in the first quarter, which is more
than any year that we've had since the merger. These accomplishments
demonstrate our progress in creating a consistently reliable operation for our
customers and team members.

While much of integration work is already complete, there
are several noteworthy projects in the works that will refine our network and
make us even stronger for our customers. Some of these projects include the
March announcement of new service to 8 cities from our hub in Chicago as well
as 1 new route in Dallas/Fort Worth and Miami. None of these 10 new additions
will serve cities that have flights to other American hubs and have
historically performed well. In addition, the bank patterns at our Miami hub
have been redesigned to facilitate better connections, more efficient gate
utilization and faster processing through customs and immigration. One critical
part of refining the network is focusing on the areas where we can maximize the
value for our resources. And we're building up service in profitable cities,
improving the efficiency of the scheduling process and making structural
changes at our hubs. These are just a few of the examples of how we're striving
to invest our resources to create a seamless operation for our team members,
the best product for our customers and the highest return for our owners.

On the commercial side, we rolled out the new Basic Economy
product in 10 test markets in early March with encouraging results. In the 10
launch markets, half of the eligible Basic Economy passengers have bought up to
the main cabin, which is right in line with our forecast. We plan to continue
to roll the product out through the remainder of our domestic and short-haul
international markets in a phased approach with more markets coming in May and
June.

At the end of March, we started selling Premium Economy with
our first departures on May 4. We expect to have 9 widebody aircraft configured
with Premium Economy by the second quarter and more as time comes in the
future. We also announced an agreement to invest $200 million in China's
largest carrier, China Southern Airlines. Later this year, we expect to begin
codeshare and interline agreements that will give our customers approximately
70 more destinations in China beyond Beijing and Shanghai.

Lastly, we entered into an arrangement with Scandinavian
Airlines to obtain 2 slot pairs at London's Heathrow Airport, strengthening
American's presence at a key international gateway for American and our joint
business partner, British Airways.

Turning to revenue. We are very pleased with the revenue
performance in the first quarter. Our first quarter consolidated PRASM was up
2% and our first quarter TRASM was up 3.1%. This is the third consecutive
quarter where our unit revenue performance was materially better than the rest
of the industry. And not just the industry average, but better than each of the
6 largest U.S. carriers. We believe that this outperformance can be attributed
to the significant investments we've made in 10 years of business from our
people to our product and to selling, revenue management, our advantage program
and our mobile platform in aa.com, and customers are noticing. We recorded our
highest customer satisfaction rating since the merger, the fifth consecutive
month of sequential improvement. And last week, the Harris Poll named American
Airlines its Full Service Airline brand of the year. And earlier this year,
American was named the 2017 Airline of the Year by Air Transport World.

Turning to domestic. Our consolidated PRASM was up 2.3% and
importantly improved in every month in the quarter. We have been implementing a
number of revenue management initiatives for the premium cabin, and they have proven
very successful. Our sales initiatives are also bearing fruit. We continue to
see a positive trend in corporate share in the first quarter with strong
results across the network. This trend is continuing as we enter the second
quarter as well.

Our Latin America performance overall was very strong with
PRASM up 7.7%. Although Brazil led the way, up 43%, strength was broad-based
also. The balance of the South America -- of South America had positive unit
revenue growth as well, while other areas within the region had low
single-digit declines.

The Atlantic was our weakest performing international entity
with PRASM down 5.9%, but that number overstates the decline in actual
performance. It requires some explanation. While our results did decline as a result
of industry growth in the soft pricing environment, half of the decline that we
saw is due to an out-of-period adjustment that positively impacted last year's
results. And another 1.5 points is due to the decline in U.K. currency and our
exposure to that.

Across the Pacific, PRASM was positive. This is the first
positive result since the third quarter of 2014, and it's a sign that we're
turning the corner on our capacity build-out in the Pacific. We expect this
region to continue to improve as we lap the additions of Haneda, Sydney,
Auckland and Hong Kong throughout the year.

First cargo -- first quarter cargo revenue improved 6.3%
year-over-year on strong growth, a positive trend that we've seen since the
latter half of 2016. The focus that our cargo team members have placed on
improving cargo's operational performance and efforts to deliver best-in-class
customer experience are paying off and being recognized by the industry.
American Airlines Cargo was voted Air Cargo News' 2017 Cargo Airline of the
Year for the third straight year. American is the only U.S.-based carrier to
have been recognized with this honor in the award's 34-year history.

So looking forward, the revenue environment at American is
very strong, and we expect this momentum to continue. The June quarter will
mark the sixth quarter in a row sequential improvement in unit revenue and the
third consecutive quarter of positive unit revenue growth. Based on published
guidance, we expect to outperform the industry in the second quarter as well
for the fourth quarter in a row. We continue to expect positive revenue
improvements for each quarter throughout this year.

Regionally, our domestic PRASM is expected to strengthen in
the quarter due to a number of initiatives focused on premium cabin pricing and
yield management and continuing gains through our investments in our sales
organizations.

In Latin America, we expect another quarter of strong
year-over-year improvements with every entity having positive unit revenue. The
Pacific entity is expected to perform in line with the first quarter.

Lastly, the Atlantic region has continued to show modest
signs of improvement due to easing comps from past terror events. However, it
remains challenged as low-priced carriers continue to grow and the British
pound remains weak. As we look to the second quarter and beyond, we're excited
about our operational commercial investments, and we expect our second quarter
total revenue per ASM to be up 3% to 5% year-over-year. We rolled out our new
Basic Economy product, our Premium Economy product as well and early results
are encouraging. While we have a lot of work to do, we look forward to
reporting on future successes.

With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator and begin our Q&A.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first
question from Kevin Crissey with Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you provide evidence that cultural
investments are more than recouped through higher revenue? Having worked at
JetBlue could I -- I can assure you those investors are unconvinced by this
argument.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, wait, Kevin. What I am certain
of is that we -- the leverage in this airline is in closing the revenue gap
that we have. And I'm equally certain that our ability to do that while asking
our team to work for less than their peers is a big challenge, and one that I
don't -- that I'm certain either is fair to our team nor to our leadership, because
it makes it increasingly difficult. So the -- I don't know if I can directly
answer your question, but I'm highly confident that it's correlated. And would
note again, this isn't about us making a bet that at all if we can go get to
rates that are -- pay levels that are higher than others that, that will get us
something that will allow us to generate higher revenues and others, I don't
think I would make that argument. This is about us getting our team to the
levels that are currently in place at our competitor airlines and consistent
with the commitment we made to our team at the time of the merger that we would
compensate them in line with their peers at other airlines. But again, we've
made consistently with each and every contract. But in the case of these 2
contracts that were done shortly after the merger and were put in place on
5-year terms, which is also worth noting longer terms than the other airlines
are putting in place today, it just got to where the gap was too big and it was
going to be in place for too long, and feel -- that didn't feel right to any of
it. So I feel good about that commitment. It's good we're happy to make not
just in this case, but to the rest of our team to the extent we see large
discrepancies in our pay rates -- our base pay rates versus competitors and
other airlines, and there's still significant amount of time until we can get
better at drafts for counter negotiations. You should expect us to correct it
because that's the right thing to do for our team. And I think -- and I do
believe, Kevin, what happens so long as we do that, we have an engaged and
excited team that is seeing the trust they place in us validate it and they go
take care of our customers, and that's the best way to take care of our
shareholders.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: But isn't this taking your #1 cost
item and handing it over to the most aggressive competitor effectively. Whoever
thinks that they can pay the most, goes out and signs the contract and your
labor rates are going to go to that optimistic or arguably kind of the dumbest
management team out there, is an argument investors could look at. You've taken
it out of your hands and put it in the hands of others, and that doesn't feel
like what well-run companies do.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, I would beg to differ, again --
with given -- again, given the experience levels here and what our teams have
been through. And look, we're comfortable with the commitment. I mean, you're
right, in one sense, I suppose that if you want to look at our commitment and
figure out what it means for the industry, the answer is "Yes, go ask
others in the industry." because we're not -- we're indeed not leading
this charge, we're just making sure we're staying, we're catching up. So where
it goes in the future will be dependent on what others do in the future. But
look, I feel -- I think -- again, I think, this is what you're seeing here is
the maturing of an industry and an industry that has seen people that work in
this business go through incredibly difficult times. And what you needed to see
-- what we needed to have happen was that get -- correct it and I think --
look, and I think it's largely corrected. We were encouraged to hear -- Delta,
apparently at their Investor Day, mentioned that they put in place a 6% pay
increase for all their teams, for all their nonunion members, which at Delta is
everyone. I believe, except their pilots and their dispatchers. So the vast
majority of the airline, they increased 6% again this year. But note on their
Investor Day that they thought that was their last industry reset, and they see
inflationary increases in the future. So I don't know that I agree with your
premise, but I certainly agree with our commitment and that is we're going to
make sure because it's important that our team, who's an incredibly important
part of our product, is excited and engaged. And it's hard to do that if they
see others do the same job they do and don't do it as well at other companies,
getting compensated more on an hourly basis. That's important to us. It will
continue to be important. I don't think it's dramatically different than if you
saw another airline make some major enhancement to their in-flight product.
You'd see us match those because it's an important part of making sure that
we're taking care of our customers, and these are the people who take care of
our customers. The people that are on the frontline not just for our product
employees, certain mechanics, our fleet service employees, our reservations
agents, our gate agents, every single one of them deserves the same commit, and
we're happy to make it.

OPERATOR: Moving next to Jamie Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, you have this
plan to achieve pretax profits kind of mid-cycle of $5 billion. Over the last
year or so, it feels like you may have been retreating from that somewhat
consensus estimates certainly don't embrace that outcome. And now, of course,
you're adding additional costs to your internal forecast. When do you think
you'll be able to reverse direction and start moving towards that objective? Or
are we doing the right thing by kind of just ignoring it?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, Jamie, I think you're
referencing to some comments that we made at your conference and the whole --
the rest of the group may not know what you're talking about, so let me try.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Oh, I'm sorry.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: That's quite all right. And -- I
don't know, your conference is so well attended, maybe everybody knows exactly
what you're talking about, but I'll try anyway. So let me...

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: When it doesn't snow.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, that do make it rough. So look,
and importantly I need to restate it because I would restate it slightly
differently what you just said. Here's what I said and here's what we do, and
it's really important points, I'm glad you raised it. We believe the -- we have
a company today that over -- on average, over time, in today's current
environment should generate pretax earnings of around $5 billion. Now look,
it's a volatile business, we all know that. That hasn't changed. Well, that
level of earnings is a number that no one has ever fathomed before. The fact is
that it's still volatile. So we think it will average $5 billion over time or
we think there will be -- the better years will look around like $7 billion and
the lesser years will look around like $3 billion. But over time, we should
expect this company can generate over time $5 billion. Now look, that is not
just a statement that we make, that is how we compensate our -- every one of
the employees at American Airlines that get an annual bonus. So everyone,
essentially manager level and above. That's what is important. We use that
formula I just said to fund our annual incentive pool, so -- and we've done
that since the merger. Now again, that $3 billion and the $7 billion have moved
around a little bit as we've gotten more comfortable with kind of post-merger earnings.
But the $5 billion hasn't changed since the day of the merger and maybe it will
change one day, but we're not changing it. We're certainly not thinking about
it. What we're seeing today leads us to believe that should change. So that's
what I reported to you all is that we -- that's what we think about the
earnings prospects of this company. And not only do we think that, that's how
we fund our incentive pool. So again, the way the incentive pool works -- not
that you care that much about our executive compensation, but I think it's
really important to what you think about our expectations for the business. We
fund the incentive pool by telling the team, look, if we have a year where we
make $5 billion, you're going to -- we're going to fund the incentive pool at
target. For every year we make $3 billion, we're going to fund it at half of
target below that there's no bonus. And if we have a year where we make $7
billion, that's the maximum, which is double the bonus. So -- and you're right,
no one on The Street, I think, is forecasting $5 billion for American this
year. And so -- but we didn't change that formula for the team. So this -- if
indeed The Street's right, this will be one of the years that's slightly worse
and there will be years in the future that are slightly better. What's
important about this point is that if we are right -- and again, we're not just
throwing out numbers here, this is how we're paid, this is how we're
incentivizing our management team. If we're right, our stock is so undervalued.
It's -- it defies logic, in my view. If we're right and this company is, over
time, going to average $5 billion pretax, really easy math, really simple math
and you guys are a lot better in this than me. But I'll give to the simple
math, $5 billion tax is $3 billion and for a company today that is trading at
somewhere around has a market cap of about $24 billion, that's 8x what I'm
telling you, I think, is our steady-state earnings, 8x steady-state earnings
when the average S&P company over the last 20-something years has had a
multiple of earnings of something like within 19x. It feels like people don't
believe the $5 million (sic) [$5 billion] number, and that's fine, but we do.
So that's why we're so bullish on the company. And the investments we've made
today only strengthened that view. They don't make it -- they don't -- we don't
look at that and think "Oh, gosh, now it's $300 million harder to get to
$5 billion". We look at this as like, this reinforces our view that we're
going to continue the momentum we have in improving the revenues by these
investments we're making, and we feel even better about that in the long term.
So that's what I said and that's what we still believe.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: As part of that, it looks like it
still takes considerably more American employees to get the job done than at
Delta, and its tough for me to accurately do that analysis. There's an
outsourcing issues we have to account for. But there do seem to be
opportunities for American to become more efficient. And your letter last night
seems to imply as much, but maybe that's just sort of my interpretation. Can
you quantify the opportunity to improve labor efficiency?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well, look, I would say this, when
you say it's difficult for you to do that, I'd argue it's almost impossible for
you to compare those numbers. There are enormous differences and the amount of
work American does in-house versus what some other airlines do outside. So you
wouldn't see it in the headcount or in the salaries, you'd see it instead in
their numbers, in their outside services. And we try to do similar analysis,
and you can't get there, I don't think. But I'll tell you this, as is the case
in most mergers when you're running 2 airlines, you need to have some redundancies
in place that as you get through the merger, you can eliminate, and we still
have some of that in place. But rather than trying to quantify it because I
don't know that we know what it is yet and -- or how we're going to manage it
and over what period of time, I would just point you to the guidance that Derek
rattled off on our cost trends. We had CASM ex fuel in the first quarter here
of 8%. The second quarter, we say 6% to 8%. The third quarter, we say 3% to 5%.
Fourth quarter, we say, 2% to 4%. That includes -- again, those estimates
include this adjustment that we made last night. So that's a rapidly declining
year-over-year increase in cost. And while we are in no position to go start
giving 2018 guidance yet, I would certainly expect that, that trend would
continue into 2018, and that is that number of 2% to 4% in fourth quarter '17
would be even lower for the full year of '18. So it's coming down. The rate of
growth is certainly slowing and -- but look, we recognize that our job is to
make sure we're running the airline efficiently, and we believe we're doing so
today. There are some things that because we're still running in some cases, 2
separate airlines that may have us doing that less efficiently than we will be
able to do over time. But we'll make sure we get there as quickly as we
possibly can. I think you'll start to see most of that in 2018. And again,
nothing to report now on how big that will be because I don't think we don't
know that. I know we don't know because I don't know.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Andrew Didora with Bank of
America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Doug, on that note, in terms of the $5 billion kind of run rate
pretax earnings, as -- when you consider that and given the permanent step-up
in labor, does it change your view at all of capital allocation? With this
higher fixed cost, would you consider more debt paydown over share repurchases
going forward? And if not, why?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay, short answer is no. And again,
I come back to the overriding point, which is this increase in our near-term
expenses in no way changes our view about our long-term prospects. Indeed, it
gives us more confidence that they're achievable. So nothing about this makes
us think anything about -- and again, let me make one other point on that
because it seems -- there seems to be a theme -- a recurring theme I'm having
trouble getting that across. We look at all -- we look at this longer term and
on the long term. This was an expense that was coming. There's no way when we
got to 2020 and bid new contracts, of course, that we are going to go sign new
contracts with our team that we're going to keep in place this sort of a gap.
So we accelerated an expense. Again, not something we do lightly, and that's
what, what we had to do, something we felt we should do. But none of this, to
us, feels like any sort of change in the long-term prospects. And when we think
about things like share repurchases and capital allocation, we think about it
in the long term. So no change in that. We're really confident with our current
capital allocation. We think we're doing the right thing for our shareholders.
We're happy yet again, as Derek noted, to make some purchases in the quarter
that were a good bit less than the price as of -- at least as we open today,
and so we feel good about that. We think we -- another thing worth noting again
on the capital allocation piece is our debts higher because our assets are
better. Another point that I think sometimes get lost, maybe our fault for not
mentioning it enough. But this higher levels in debt versus our competitors is
driven by the fact that we have a much younger fleet, and that fleet is a lot
more valuable than the fleet they have in place. And that drives higher debt,
of course. So we feel good about the capital allocation, and we will continue
to do what's best for our shareholders and our team as we go forward.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Got it, understood. I guess, maybe
kind of changing gears a little bit. Maybe one for Robert. Can you talk a bit
more about what you're seeing on the Transatlantic, given kind of this
onslaught of low-cost carrier capacity into the summer? Have you adapted the
way you manage inventory or in response to this at all? And what are your
expectations for demand on Transatlantic as we head through the summer?

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'll let Don give some more color, but we're
optimistic about what we're seeing close in. But as you know, have concerns
about capacity in the long run. Don?

DONALD B. CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN
AIRLINES, INC.: Yes, I mean, we -- clearly, there's a lot of capacity growth on
this pretty active pricing environment. The industry did kind of big reset in
terms of pricing last year, heading into the fourth quarter where we've been
more aggressive versus low-cost carriers. We do have easing comps. So as we go
forward, I think we're going to see the comps get a bit easier. We also ran
last year at relatively low load factors. U.S. point-of-sale demand was not as
strong as we had hoped last year. Though we're seeing some weakness coming out
of the U.K. overall. The U.S. point-of-sale seems very robust this year, and we
expect, as we go through the summer, that we're going to run materially higher
load factors than last year.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Hunter Keay with
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So I know -- maybe a question for
Derek, since Derek is the one that made this comment last quarter. I know you
said obviously it's early to guide to 2018 CASM. But just last quarter, you
said you think you'd be able to keep CASM x under 2% over the next couple of
years. I'm not sure if you're referring to an average number or each of the 2
years. But given the new labor cost increase, do you still feel like that's
doable?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, I still feel like that's doable for each
of the 2 years, not just over to 2 years, but for each of the 2 years.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: All right, good. And then just to be
totally clear, I think, Robert, you said you expect continuing positive
improvements in the RASM each quarter this year. You aren't saying that 3Q
growth rate was going to get better than 2Q. You're just saying that it's going
to be above 0, right?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. Do you want to give us maybe an
early quick read on how you're thinking about 3Q, anything we should know about
in terms of like calendar weirdness or capacity or anything you're lapping,
just to kind of give us an early thought how to think about that sort of second
derivative growth rate?

ROBERT D. ISOM: No, there's really not anything new. There
was a lot of pricing actions domestic market last year that kind of got sorted
out in July. It had an impact on some of the bookings through August, in
particular. October, actually, was a bit of weak month, of course, for
everybody last year. But other than that, I think it's nothing stands out as
being dramatically impacting the last half of '17.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD AND FUNDAMENTAL
RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just on the combination of
CapEx and pension funding. Can you walk us through that this year, '18 and '19?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. So in this year, we'll have $4.4 billion
in a combination, so CapEx of $4.1 billion. Pensions, we did $2.79 billion. In
'18, CapEx, aircraft CapEx is $1.6 billion. And pension, right now, we're forecasting
$1.1 billion. But one thing I want to note on that, that's an assumption that
the mortality tables do change. If the mortality tables do not change, that
will be reduced by about $400 million. So we have the most conservative number
in there. So it's $1.6 billion in aircraft CapEx and $1.1 billion in pension
payments. And then, in 2019, aircraft CapEx is $2.8 billion and pension payment
is right at $1 billion.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And is that $1 billion level for
a longer-term, all of that $1 billion kind of what we should be thinking about?

DEREK J. KERR: No, it drops -- in 2020, it drops to $600
million. And 2021, it drops to $600 million. And those are all assuming the
mortality table changes, if those don't change, then those could be modified.
But it goes down to $600 million in '20 and '21. So I'd say the run rate is
more $600 million past to the '19 time frame.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. And we should add $1.5
billion in non-aircraft to those numbers?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes, at least through 2020. And then, I
think, it will come down to about $1 billion to $1.2 billion in 2021.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Have you looked at -- I know at
least one competitor was able to go into the unsecured market and get very
attractive rates to sort of advance fund some of that. Have you analyzed that?
Is that something you could even do, given the higher leverage?

DEREK J. KERR: We have analyzed it. We could do it if we
want. We think we're -- we don't have any requirement to do any payment until
2018, and don't believe we should go forward with that. I think the $1.1
billion we're doing in 2018 will get us to 80% funded, which is exactly where
one of my competitors went to. So that's the reason we're going to 2018. We
only have to do, I think, it's $60 million in 2018. So the $1.1 billion is
significantly over what we're required to do in order for us to get to that 80%
funded once the Airline Relief Act comes off. So it's similar to what they're
doing, we just don't need to do it until 2018.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan
Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Robert and Don, this is probably be for you. Your updated RASM guide
points to sequential improvement that's relatively modest versus peers in
relative to just what you posted in 1Q. And you've highlighted a lot of revenue
opportunities that are impressive out there. What do you think is the driver
there in terms of a lack of an acceleration, given all the things that you've
got going on?

ROBERT D. ISOM: I'm not so sure I'd characterize it like
that because in all honestly, what we're seeing is a lot of demand for our
premium cabin. And that, I think, is a sign of the kind of investments that
we're making are taking root. We see that strength holding strong forward in
the business market -- from a business perspective as well, and I think that
our outperformance is going to continue. We've got a good impressive string
here and that's what we see going forward. Don?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Go ahead, Don.

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. I mean, first of all, let's not, I
guess, confuse guidance with performance. Guidance is guidance and not
everybody hits their guidance. So we'll see how the actuals come in when we get
through the second quarter. Although on the -- from a guidance perspective,
this looks like a, sequentially, we're not increasing as much, but this will
again be the fourth quarter in a row where our performance is better than
everybody else's. And so we'll just have to wait and see where the actuals come
in, in terms of year-over-year versus others.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Thanks, Don. That's what I was
going to say. And again, the others may meet their guidance and we may exceed
our guidance. If you're asking us to forecast the GAAP versus the others, we're
certainly not forecasting that, that GAAP will narrow in the second quarter. We
just think, we probably have -- we may have different biases in our
forecasting. Ours might be more conservative than theirs. But if the second quarter
actuals come in and that GAAP closes, that -- we'll look at why that happened
if that happens. But we certainly don't expect that.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Point taken. And the other question, a bit
more nuanced. Can you talk about the outlook for the Lat Am market? Robert, I
think, you provided some color for 2Q, but I was looking for more just beyond
as far as puts and takes in regard to supply/demand, with South Americas
looking like Mexico, Caribbean, et cetera?

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. This is Don. We had an, obviously,
very solid first quarter performance in Latin America. The Brazil lead the way.
We had positive unit revenue in all of South America and low single-digit
declines in the rest of the South American market. As we look forward into the
second quarter, we see continuing strength. Actual strength improving. And in
the second quarter, we expect that positive year-over-year unit revenue in
every entity in Latin America, but looks very, very robust at this point.

RAJEEV LALWANI: And just broader puts and takes as we look
beyond 2Qs as far as what you're seeing or thinking on the supply side?

DONALD B. CASEY: We're not really seeing anything dramatic
on the supply side in Latin, overall. We're seeing a further growth in Mexico,
but we're seeing a lot of demand growth as well. But nothing that we see that's
going to change our current outlook.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Darryl
Genovesi with UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Doug, you've alluded a couple of times to
this opportunity to go drive some relative revenue improvement, relative to
your peers over the next few years. I mean, I guess, I was just hoping that
you'd help characterize where do you think the relative revenue discount is
coming from today? I mean, is it network? Or is it on-time performance? And can
you help us understand sort of what are the components of that, that you think
are addressable versus those that, perhaps, aren't as addressable?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, I'll let Robert try and do
that. There are probably more in terms of things we think we can do to close as
opposed to what the drivers are. Go ahead, Robert?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes. I'd just like to point out that I think
there are a number of things that are benefiting us there. Certainly due though
to the investments we've been making. But in all honesty, a lot of catch-up.
And I do think is -- will benefit us and it's going to be unique to American.
Some of the things that are just taking root now, as we've talked about. We are
still confident that between our Basic and Premium Economy products, that we're
talking about $1 billion worth of incremental revenue, which is sizable. I
think everybody is -- I think you know that we haven't really had a premium
product for our wide-body long-haul flying that's been consistent out in the
marketplace. And so this year, we will finally have a lie-flat product across
all international entities, which is fantastic. We think that we have some density
issues with our narrow-body fleet that we will be addressing in the coming
years as well that, I think, will have benefits in terms of overall revenue
production and also will help us from a unit cost perspective as well. Don and
team have been making improvements in revenue management. And I want to
underscore the work that we're doing with our sales team as well. And I'd like
to say that a lot of that is baked into the current numbers, but that I am glad
that as we look forward, that, that is just coming on. And we think is going to
continue to drive outperformance versus the industry.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. So you think all that stuff is -- and
I realized that it's difficult to see this, but if you were to take all that
stuff that you just mentioned there, which seemed relatively restful in nature
and add them all up that, that's enough to offset both the discount, for
instance, the Delta that you're achieving today, as well as what I'd call
probably a positive, a relatively positive impact from you already having the
newest fleet in the industry. Is that a fair characterization? Or is there
something structural about the network that's also causing you difficulty?

ROBERT D. ISOM: When we take a look at the list of
initiatives that we are pursuing, we think that, that will definitely make us
competitive.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: To Doug, back in 2007 when you were running
Airways, you said at the time, you were talking to some bankers to get a sense
for what the loyalty program could be worth, we've spoken to a couple of guys
in private equity and they would use about a 15x EBITDA multiple on it. That
puts the valuation somewhere around $30 billion to $40 billion. Your market cap
is half that. So 2 questions. Would that surprise you? That valuation? And if
it made sense to see what it was worth back then, why doesn't it make sense to
do the same thing now?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Well. Yes. First of all, I can't
believe I said that in 2007, if you say I did, okay. This has been an issue
that, at least, from our perspective, is part and parcel of the airline and
part of running the airline and part of inventory management. And something
that we -- that I've, at least, in my recollection, I've never really
considered as a particularly good idea to spin out. Maybe when we figure out
exactly how we finance survival, it might have made something we were looking
at. But -- so anyway, rather than trying to figure out why I said something in
2007, I'll tell you what we think now, which is yes -- well, first up, to your
larger question, if it's -- if that wouldn't surprise me to learn that's the
value of the advantage program, I would have to say yes, since that's greater
than the value of the American Airlines in total as we sit here today. So --
but I'm not arguing. You guys are better at doing valuations than we are, and
the market will decide. I find it odd that simply separating something that is
inside the airline today and putting it into a separate entity with the exact
same cash flows would somehow generate that much incremental value. But again,
that's something that you guys can figure out better than we can. But I should
be -- we should be careful with that. If we believe that, of course, we'd be
spending, perhaps, more effort trying to figure out how to spit it out what I
believe is the advantage program is really valuable. It's an incredible part of
our airline. It's a significant reason that we feel so good about our future.
And we've maximized the value of it for our shareholders. And we don't --
whether or not that's done in-house or in a separate entity, that's going to be
the case and the value will be created. So we agree with you, there's a lot of
value there. We agree with you that perhaps, that's another reason the airline
is undervalued, I just think we're undervalued for all sorts of reasons. I
think people don't appreciate what's happened in this industry or this airline
and how it's going to make a difference in the long-term. And that's where
we're focused. As I told you last time, we agree with your pointing this out
and we'll do a better -- we'll continue to try to do a better job of pointing
out to investors as best we can the value of the advantage program, but it's
part and parcel of the airline. And a really important part of the airline and
one that we're happy with the way it's being managed and the value it's
producing. And it's in our end results of the airline today and in the future.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. I mean, I guess, Doug, I would
just say that the past 2 years, at [JP's] conference, you've made your Making
the Leap presentation and talked about why there's less cyclicality in the business
and the credit card and loyalty program isn't a part of that. So I'm just
wondering, do you not mention it because you don't believe that it's an
important part of improving cyclicality? Or you're just hesitant to talk about
it, because it seems like the first rule of having an airline co-brand card is,
you don't talk about the airline co-brand card?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Okay. Fair enough. It's not that. So
-- okay. Fair enough. We should probably spend a little more time pointing out
that, that stream of our earnings is a little less volatile than other streams.
So noted.

OPERATOR: Moving on to Helane Becker with Cowen and Company.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes. It's -- just, as I think about your
domestic route network, I know you're focused on Los Angeles and maybe, you can
give us an update on facilities and what you're doing there in terms of have
the new facilities opening and so on. And then, when I think, about the growth
that's occurring in Fort Lauderdale in the other side of the country, you guys
have the big hub in Miami, it's -- I get it, in Latin America and so on. But do
you worry about the huge increase in capacity in the 1.5 hours north of one of
your major most important hubs? And just wondering if you can comment on kind
of those 2 issues?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Steve Johnson will take the LA
piece.

STEPHEN L. JOHNSON, EVP OF CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Sure. Thanks. Just with respect to the facilities in Los
Angeles, we -- I think everybody knows that earlier this year, late last year,
we actually opened the connector between the Bradley terminal and Terminal 4,
which is in use. I got to use it personally just the other day. It's a great
way to get from international connection to our domestic service or vice versa.
And that's been a big hit with our customers. Then, very recently, we moved our
limited operation that was in Terminal 6 to Terminal 5 and to adjacent to the
tunnel that goes between Terminal 4 to Terminal 5. So those gates are now much
more adjacent, much more convenient for our customers to use. And then,
finally, we're in negotiations with LAWA for a long-term lease at LAX that will
change the face of our facilities there. Those negotiations are confidential
beyond that, so I won't say any more, but we're hopeful that we can get those
completed in the next 4 or 5 weeks.

ROBERT D. ISOM: And Helane, I'll talk a little bit about
South Florida. So we understand the competition, and -- also the nature of the
market. And so there is always appropriate consideration. But look, the Fort
Lauderdale, it's a nice local market operation. We view Miami differently. We
do view it as the ideal connecting opportunity and hub for American, but not
just American of any carrier to South America. We've got a nice position there.
And a lot of the work that we're doing is really to try to maximize the flows.
And over the long run, we do think that, that is something that is going to set
us apart. And you may have noticed recently, we -- that's actually helped us in
markets like Cuba, where we can do things because of the connecting power of
the hub. And we're going to continue to make sure that we maximize utility of
that operation.

OPERATOR: Moving next to Michael Linenberg with Deutsche
Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 quick ones here. Bob, you
talked about positive improvement in corporate share when you were talking about
domestic PRASM. Any particular sectors or regions where you saw some share
gains that you can elaborate on?

DONALD B. CASEY: It's Don. I mean, obviously, we saw
improvement across the board for our, in corporate markets. And this, again,
marks a kind of high watermark for us since the merger. In the first quarter,
we had our best performance in terms of both share and share gap. And our
trends hitting in the second quarter are also very strong.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Great. And then, just second,
just a clarification on the CapEx deferral, to Derek. Is that -- so is that
$800 million or $1.1 billion? I'm not sure if it's $300 million in 2 years or
$300 million per year?

DEREK J. KERR: $300 million per year. So it's $1.1 billion
over the 3 years.

OPERATOR: Savi Syth with Raymond James has our next
question.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a question on the last few
years, I think, American has been a little bit more exposed to some areas that
have seen greater pressure be it South America, be it some of the aggressive
pricing on low-cost carrier markets, and we are seeing that reverse. I was just
wondering if you had any thoughts on just how much more we could see, how much
more there is to go and maybe some that might not come back in the near term.

DONALD B. CASEY: Okay. I mean, basically, if you look at --
clearly, we had some kind of unique headwinds that affected us, right? The
Southwest grows at Love Field, you obviously see growth Brazil, Venezuela. But
we really kind of came out from under all that at the end of the second quarter
of last year. And so, Brazil is clearly one area where we're seeing some
year-over-year improvement. For the rest of that, it really doesn't really
drive any year-over-year change. So the real value we're seeing and the uptick
in our revenue performance, though Brazil is a piece of that. It's really being
driven by all of the other initiatives we have out there in the marketplace.
It's the new airplanes. It's the new product. It's the restructuring of our
AAdvantage program. It's the investments we're making in sales. The investment
and change we're making at (inaudible) brand new manager, all the things we're
doing, which is a long list, right, is really what's driving the benefit. It's
not just some lucky fortunate year-over-year comparison. It's really kind of
fundamental -- fundamentals that are getting better for us.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: I'm sorry, I meant, not necessarily
a comparison issue, but maybe a reversal issue on some of the pressures that
you saw. But if I may follow-up on my next question on corporate, was -- are we
seeing corporate revenue and yields up now year-over-year? Is that firmly in
that trend?

DONALD B. CASEY: For -- actually, in the fourth quarter, we
did see yields come up. As of in the first quarter of this year, we saw yields,
actually, for corporate, flattish.

OPERATOR: Moving on to Jack Atkins with Stephens.

JACK LAWRENCE ATKINS, RESEARCH ANALYST, STEPHENS INC.,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Just kind of going back to comments earlier around the
revenue initiatives, specifically some of the issues around improving the
density on the narrow-body fleet. Can you just expand on that for a moment? In
terms of when you think that could begin to impact results and sort of the
opportunity there?

ROBERT D. ISOM: So those are things that we look at on an
ongoing basis. And again, some of the things that you will see showing up is
the work that we've done with our wide-body, our 777 reconfiguration program.
We're moving to a standard configuration. So that's on that front. And we think
that there's opportunities with the narrow-bodies as well, and that is
something that you'll see in 2018 and beyond.

JACK LAWRENCE ATKINS: Okay. And then, just kind of following
up on that as well, thinking about your prepared comments on Basic and Premium
Economy. Just sort of curious, if you can update us in terms of how you're
thinking about the portion of your domestic flights that will have those 2
additional classes of service on them by year-end? And then, just sort of what
sort of revenue impact that's expected to have in the back half of the year as
comps, perhaps, get a little bit more challenging?

DEREK J. KERR: In terms of basic, that's something that we
anticipate for -- it will be something that we offer throughout our network.

DONALD B. CASEY: So for Basic, it's really just the timing
of the rollout for us, right? So we have more markets coming in May and June.
These are still, I guess, I would view as kind of test markets, the next 2
tranches, similar to the first tranche. But we're going to end up expanding as
broadly across the whole network, eventually, right? And the pacing item for
that is we're going to be our -- training and staffing, but we're committed to
roll this out everywhere and we're quite encouraged by the initial results.
Premium Economy is the next thing, and we don't really kind of get to a
critical mass of airplanes on our Premium Economy, and probably, until we get
into the first quarter of next year. So we still kind of consider what we're
doing right now, kind of a test. And we're very focused on this. A lot of it is
channel education. We're the first U.S. airline to have this product. And so we
need to make sure, that all of our distribution, all of our selling channels
know what the product is. And we need to make sure we work with our third-party
distributors as well to make sure that the product is this being appropriately
displayed at all the systems so people will understand what it is and what
they're buying. And that's where we're focused on right now for Premium
Economy. But again, it will be critical mass by the first quarter of next year.

OPERATOR: And Brandon Oglenski with Barclays has our next
question.

Sorry, Dan McKenzie with Buckingham Research has our next
question.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Doug, help us understand why the $5 billion pretax
target is realistic from your perspective? You're saying it's the right hurdle
for executive compensation, I know you. You're not pulling that out of thin
air. Why is that? So from where you sit, what are the larger revenue
opportunities over this cycle that gives you confidence you can offset the
labor headwinds this morning? And what are the new initiatives worth over the
coming 1 to 2 years?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I think, Robert, laid those out
pretty well. He can lay them out again for you if you'd like. As to what the
initiatives are. And as to the value themselves, we've mentioned that as
well...

ROBERT D. ISOM: One portion.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I'm sorry?

ROBERT D. ISOM: The Basic and Premium Economy we mentioned.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Right. Yes. So and again, so look,
that is the value that gives us confidence. All you need to do is look at the
current GAAP revenue per ASM. And as soon as we close that, and you easily get
to the numbers like $5 billion is a run rate number. So look, but that's not
how we go about coming up with this number. The way we come up with this number
is knowing what we do about where the industry is today and where American
Airlines is in that industry, both of which we feel good about and both of
which feel dramatically different than they've ever been before. And based upon
that view, that's what this feels. That's what the company feels like to us. We
-- I don't want to pretend that we go in that, that -- those numbers I said to
you are the basis of some enormous analysis that's laid out for the next 15
years. It's where we believe this company is today. And the fact support it,
that's -- since the time of the merger, we have had earnings in those -- in
that range. This is a worse year than others, and it's still in the range. One
of the things I do like to point out to people, when -- part of the reason,
part of the explanation, at least, I get sometimes, Dan, from investors as to
why it is, even if you believe what we -- why it is that we are so undervalued
relative to other industries, the reason I get as well is because investors, you're
afraid you guys are going to do all the things you've done in the past to
eliminate value. And as someone who's been around through all those years, I
know what those things are and were. And the things that are rattled off
because you're going to grow faster then -- once you start making money, you'll
grow faster than demand. Once you start making money, you'll give more to labor
than you did when you were making less money and then they'll take some of the
upside that should go to shareholders. Fuel prices will go up, and you guys
won't be able to react. I would just point out this. In the last 3 years, all
those things have happened. And that is unit revenues of -- capacity is growing
in excess of demand. in the last couple of years. And as a result, unit
revenues have fallen at rates that we haven't seen in this business since 9/11.
Probably more than they've ever fallen over a 2-year period at any point in
time. So unit revenues have declined because we've added more capacity than
there is demand. Employee pay has increased at a rate that no one that has
never been seen before. And so that's happened. Fuel prices, indeed have
increased from where they were a year ago. And 20%, 30%. So all that stuff has
happened and yet, here we are -- and indeed, that has an impact on earnings,
the earnings are lower. But while they are lower, the lowering of the range I
talked about, actually, not the lower end of the range, just lower than target.
So I feel really good about that target over time. All those things have
happened. All the things people are worried that we would go do, indeed, have
happened. I don't think those are really surprises, by the way. I don't think
that's bad management, I think those things are the right things to do. The
reason capacity has grown in excess of supply is because we do have a different
business. And when fuel prices fell as much as they did, the economics change
dramatically and more capacity rightfully came in because there was profitable
capacity. Aren't the wages and benefits of employees in the airline business
were a big part of how the industry survived, and those had to be adjusted as
the industry got past survival. So look, all that stuff happened, all the
things I think people worried about we've done, and we still have a business
that is producing returns like you've never seen before. And also, I believe,
all those things have gotten to a point where we start to move into an area
where you see kind of a more mature industry, behave like a mature industry.
But we will see over time, but I can't stress enough how bullish we are on the
future.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Yes. And I guess, maybe, I didn't ask my
question. And maybe I have to wait for the Investor Day, but I guess I just
want to look at...

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: I rattled off on my tirade and we
didn't answer your question. So Robert, what are the initiatives for Dan?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, sure. We're not -- the fortunate thing,
again, as I've said before is, I think we've got some catch-up items and a
number of things that we can improve on. So the list of items is long and it is
something that is part of a plan that we are working through. So as I take all
look, right, we have both fleet and network simplification and optimization
activities that are going on right now. Some of them have been held up by
integration. But the good news is, is that we have more in the hopper coming on
both network and fleet. I mentioned to you about Basic Economy. We think that,
that has legs throughout our system and it's just in its infancy. We think that
Premium Economy will have tremendous benefits for our international network. I
mentioned to you about wide-body interior improvements, notably, the 777s in
terms of finally getting lie-flat and density that's appropriate. I think that,
as I said, we have narrowed -- narrow-body density opportunities as well to
pursue. Don has talked a lot about the RM improvements that have been made and
will continue to be made and are being felt in the results that we have today.
We are just now getting started on our relaunch of our sales activity and
bringing on a full force of sales reps that, quite frankly, has been lacking
over the last 3 years as we focused on other things. We are redesigning our
AAdvantage program that we think will bring a considerable benefit as well. And
as we've talked in the past, we think that there is a lot of benefit coming
with our co-brand card as well. The list is long, and again, we're just getting
started and a lot of this, fortunately, benefit is going to come to American.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: No. Go ahead, you got another
question?

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Well, I was just going to say, then
just, taken what you just rattled off over the course of the cycle, these
initiatives are worth what, in terms of x billion dollars? $2 billion, $2.5
billion. If you can just help size it for us? Or again, maybe we have to wait
for Investor Day, I'm not sure.

ROBERT D. ISOM: Yes, wait for the Investor Day. We haven't
-- outside of Basic and Premium Economy, we haven't sized it. And we'll be
happy to give -- shed more light on it later this year.

OPERATOR: And we'll now go to Brandon Oglenski with
Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Sorry, there's a few overlapping today. But
Doug, I missed your opening remarks here, but you've been a huge proponent that
this industry has changed. We just heard you respond to Dan's question about
how -- what the industry did add capacity, we are paying up labor. Earnings and
margins have come down for 2 years now. So if you want to be getting a better
valuation like a more stable consistent industrial company, don't we need to
reduce earnings volatility? And part of that process is obviously managing cost
inflation with price inflation or the opportunities in your market. So I don't
want to come across as being unrespectful to your front-line employees, which
definitely work hard and deserve increases, but as a Manager of this business,
how do we talk to shareholders that says, "We need to take the cost
upfront. Margins need to come down now, but trust us." What's the
inflection point that drives that better in the future?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes. Thanks, Brandon. Thanks for
asking. And again, I did try to address them as well earlier, and I may as well
try again. The -- I do think volatility of earnings are dramatically different
than they used to be. And more importantly, the level of earnings at which we
-- the mean level from which you vacillate is much, much higher. And I don't --
and that is different this time and it's an enormous difference, and I don't
think that's been appreciated. So -- but as to your volatility point, again,
this is what we are doing today in terms of taking a group of our team members
who was going to be for 2.5 years, paid a good bit less than their peers with
other airlines who are doing the same functions, is entirely consistent with my
view that earnings are less volatile. This is getting to a level of
compensation across the industry that needed to occur. And once you get to that
level, I think you'll see as you do in other mature businesses that, that labor
costs certainly, one, you get efficiencies over time as good businesses do. But
two, labor cost per employee increases at rates commensurate with inflation.
And I think it's what you'll see in this business, but all of us had to get to
a point where we got to what really team members this business deserve, and
none of them were there because of everything we had to do to survive. So this
is -- that's what I think is happening here. It doesn't affect, by any means,
our view about the long-term value. And d, I think, what I said at the outset,
it increases our confidence in our ability to go create that value because we
can't do that without an exciting excited and engaged team. We're making huge
progress in that regard. We've got some momentum with us that has us very
excited and we were concerned about our ability to maintain that momentum for
the next 2.5 years, while asking our team to live by a contract that they just
happen to sign earlier than the rest of our team. And as a result, found
themselves further behind their peers than the rest of our team, so that didn't
seem right to us. And that's -- so when we see things that don't feel right, we
correct them, we don't live by contracts we have in place, and that's what we
did. And we feel extremely good about that, and it makes us feel even better
about the long-term prospects.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll go first to Andrea
Ahles with Fort Worth Star-Telegram.

ANDREA AHLES: This question might be more for Robert. I was
wondering if you could talk on the Basic Economy side. And this is how from a
revenue standpoint, how customers are -- or 50% of them are choosing Main Cabin
over Basic Economy when they're offered both. But I was wondering if you could
talk more on the operations side. How is it going for your gate agents, your
flight attendants, implement this new fare that has restrictions on it for
customers on the planes this past March? How has that gone so far since those
terms were out?

ROBERT D. ISOM: Well, thanks, Andrea. I think -- look, we're
benefiting from the tremendous amount of work that went into planning. So we
spent months and months prior to launch, prior to announcement, and did
extensive training. And fortunately, I think, our metered approach is working.
And what we're seeing is that by and large, our customers understand the
restrictions that are on the Basic Economy fare. And are complying with what
our practices at the gate. And so we're not seeing a lot of difficulty and
really no issues to talk about. And I think that, that's really evidenced by
the kind of results that we're producing from an operational perspective, there
hasn't been any impact to reliability. There hasn't been any impact on time
departures. And I think what you'd hear from our in-flight crew is that they
appreciate the benefit that comes with having fewer bags that are being brought
on to the aircraft. So overall, I'm really pleased. We're going to continue to
take a measured approach and make sure that we're not surprised.

ANDREA AHLES: Are you concerned at all about the summer
travel season when these fares are introduced when you have fliers that maybe,
typically, don't fly as often, maybe because they're a once-a-year sort of trip
and aren't as familiar with the changes? Are you a little concerned on how that
might work at the gate?

ROBERT D. ISOM: We'll be ready for it. And I think that's
the key is making sure that we let people -- making sure that people are clear
in what they're purchasing and certainly, making sure that our team is ready to
help and assist in any way possible, and at the end of the day, again, given
the loads expected and strong demand, we anticipate that this will actually make
things a little bit easier on the aircraft because of fewer carry-on bags.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Mary Schlangenstein with
Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: This might be for Derek, I am not sure.
I wanted to ask, is there a place in your fleet for the A350?

DEREK J. KERR: Yes. No, I think there is. I mean, it's --
we're -- we had a lot of wide-bodies coming. We had 787s, and we had the A350s
coming on top of each other. So we needed to manage our delivery schedule in
where our wide-bodies are. So at this point in time, yes. So we just pushed
them off 2 years to make sure that we had a -- didn't have too many wide-bodies
come in to us at the 1 point in time.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Are you considering, at all, maybe
converting those to another airbus model?

DEREK J. KERR: Not at this time. No.

OPERATOR: Moving next to Ted Reed with The Street.

TED REED: I have 2 questions about consumer perception. The
first is consumer perception of the airline industry seems kind of low. And I
just wondered if you made -- if that was a consideration in this pay increases?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: We've been working on this for I
don't know, 6, 7 months. So if you're talking about recent incidents,
absolutely not. If you're asking, do we think paying our team in line with our
peers helps us do a better job of taking care of customers? Absolutely -- I
absolutely believe that. But yes, if you're asking if this is related to some
high-profile consumer events of recent times, absolutely not. We've been
working at this for several months.

TED REED: All right. Second thing. In the case of the
stroller incident, I had seen from the video that a passenger assaulted a
flight attendant. Are there any plans they have criminal charges against that
passenger?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: You lost us, Ted.

DEREK J. KERR: You lost us on that, but no.

TED REED: Any reaction to the video and the way the
passengers -- the way that male passenger acted?

MAYA LEIBMAN, CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER AND EVP, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Ted, which video are you talking about?

TED REED: The stroller video with the passenger in first
class seeming to assault and approach the flight attendants sort of
maliciously?

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Yes, Ted, we don't have any comment
on that, right? We've commented on the incident itself of -- it was -- and did
everything we could to make sure we apologize to the customers involved. We
have an amazing team of people at American Airlines, which is why we like to do
the things that we did today. And they're out there doing incredible things
every day. We, sometimes, because of our policies and procedures, put them in
difficult situations. We're going to work to make sure we minimize those, but
we're really happy with the job they do. And we are focused -- and very proud of
that and proud of the job they do. And obviously, our customers are -- we look
to provide great service to our costumers through the same way, by giving our
team the tools they need to do their jobs because all they really want to do is
take care of our customers. So anyway, that's where we are on that, and nothing
new to report.

OPERATOR: Moving on to Conor Shine with the Dallas Morning
News.

CONOR SHINE: My question was just was on Basic Economy
again. Do you guys see the commercial value of that coming more from new
passengers you'd attract who might otherwise fly just on price or less fare or
other low-cost carrier? Or is it more of what it enables you to do with your
standard economy fares and what you're able to charge for those, with this new
bucket on the low end?

DONALD B. CASEY: This is Don Casey. The value comes -- we
know that there are many customers that are willing to spend a little bit more
to fly in American because of the great product that we have. And under the
current distribution models in the industry, it's very difficult to display
anything other than the lowest fare. So by having 2 different products with
different bracket product contributes, this allows customers to actually make a
choice at which product is right for them. And we believe there are many
occasions where our customers are willing to pay just a little bit more to fly
an American and the great product that we have. And if they -- all they're
really interested in is just having the lowest fare, assuming it's really important
to them, then we have a product for them as well.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Dawn Gilbertson with Arizona
Republic.

DAWN GILBERTSON: Robert, you mentioned -- or you and Don
mentioned expansion of Basic Economy in May and June. Can you talk about those
routes to market?

ROBERT D. ISOM: We're not naming any of those right now. But
then again, Dawn, this is something, eventually, will be out to the entire
network.

DAWN GILBERTSON: You're not -- you won't name them, and May
starts next week?

DONALD B. CASEY: Yes. That's when they're going to get
loaded. So you'll see them soon.

DAWN GILBERTSON: Okay. Why so secretive?

ROBERT D. ISOM: There's no secrets behind it. This is the
way that we're launching, and you'll see more about it as time comes.

OPERATOR: And that concludes the question-and-answer
session. I'll turn the call back over to your speakers for any closing remarks.

WILLIAM DOUGLAS PARKER: Thank you, all, very much for your
interest. We appreciate it. And if you have any additional questions, investors,
call Dan Cravens. Media, call our corporate communications. Thank you very
much. We're done.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's teleconference. Thank you
for joining us. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents,
content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any
person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042717a10229984.784










 EXECUTIVES (94%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (75%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (94%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (93%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (82%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(70%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK
(70%);

STEPHENS INC (69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (68%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(66%);

MORGAN STANLEY (54%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (94%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (83%); BCS (NYSE) (83%);
BARC (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (82%); JPM (LSE) (82%); C
(NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%); 8710 (TSE) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA)
(82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%); MS (NYSE) (54%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); AIRLINES (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT BANKING (75%); BANKING &
FINANCE (75%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (75%); DEFENSE INDUSTRY (67%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 May 2, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
27, 2017 Friday




Copyright
2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 13162 words

Corporate Participants

* Dan Cravens

. - Managing Director, IR

* Doug Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

* Derek Kerr

. - EVP & CFO

* Don Casey

. - SVP, Revenue Management

* Robert Isom

. - President

* Andrew Nocella

. - SVP, Network Planning

* Bev Goulet

American Airlines Group Inc. - EVP & Chief Integration
Officer

* Maya Leibman

American Airlines Group Inc. - EVP & Chief Information
Officer

Conference Call Participants

* Steve Johnson

American Airlines Group Inc. - EVP, Corporate Affairs

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Duane Pfennigwerth

Evercore - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst

* Savi Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group - Analyst

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analsyt

* Helane Becker

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* David Vernon

Bernstein - Analyst

* Andrew Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Michael Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Mary Schlangenstein

Bloomberg News - Media

* Susan Carey

Wall Street Journal - Media

* Andrea Ahles

Fort Worth Star-Telegram - Media

* David Koenig

Associated Press - Media

* Alana Wise

Reuters - Media

* Edward Russell

Flightglobal - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the American Airlines
Group fourth quarter of 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being
recorded.

(Operator Instructions)

Now I would like to turn the conference to your moderator,
Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go ahead, sir.

DAN CRAVENS, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Thank you and good morning everyone and welcome to the American Airlines
fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 earnings conference call. We've got a lot of
people in the room today, but on the call we've got Doug Parker, our Chairman
and CEO; Robert Isom, our President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial
Officer. Also in the room with us for the Q&A sessions we've got Elise
Eberwein, our EVP of People and Communication; Bev Goulet, our Chief
Integration Officer; Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer; Steve
Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; Don Casey, our SVP of Revenue
Management; and Andrew Nocella, our SVP of Network Planning.

We are going to start the call today with Doug and he will
provide an overview of our fourth-quarter and 2016 results. Derek will then
walk us through the details on the quarter and provide some additional
information on our guidance for the remainder of the year. Robert will then
follow with commentary on our ops performance and revenue environment, and then
after we hear from those comments we will open the call for analyst Q&A and
lastly questions from the media.

Before we begin we must state that today's call does contain
forward-looking statements including statements concerning future revenues and
cost, forecast of capacity traffic, load factor, fleet plans and fuel prices.
These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to future events
but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ from
those projected. Information about some of these risks and uncertainties can be
found in our earnings press release issued this morning and our Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended September 30, 2016.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning such as net profit and CASM excluding unusual
items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is
included in the earnings release, and that can be found on our website at
AA.com under the More About American Airlines investor relations section.

A webcast of this call will also be archived on our website.
The information that we are giving you on this call is as of today's date and
we undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us this morning. At this point I
will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Doug Parker.

DOUG PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Thank you, Dan. Thank you everyone for being with us. We are happy to
report our results.

Fourth-quarter pre-tax earnings excluding special charges
were $773 million. For the full year on that same number we produced $5.1
billion of earnings. That's the second-best year in American Airlines history,
second only to 2015.

We are particularly pleased with our revenue performance.
Our total revenue per ASM was up 1.3% in the fourth quarter. That is our first
year-over-year increase since the fourth quarter of 2014, and we are the first
major airline to be able to report year-over-year improvement.

Now our unit cost increased more than we'd like. Derek will
talk more about that. That's certainly more than we'd like to see on a run rate
basis.

But that is almost entirely due to increases in our employee
expenses. And as Derek will describe that growth should taper off as 2017
unfolds. And we expect additional cost savings in 2018 as we complete our
integration.

But look, our people deserve these compensation increases
and more. They are doing an incredible job of taking care of our customers and
managing through this integration.

Our earnings include a $314 million accrual for profit
sharing. This will be the first American Airlines profit-sharing payment since
2000. And that's due to a program that we at American unilaterally implemented
for our team in 2016 and that we are very excited about.

The fact is the exceptional performance by our team is being
noticed. We are honored to be named airline of the year by Air Transport World
for 2017. That's the first time American airlines has won this award since
1988.

We know we have a lot of work to do. Our team is excited
about that fact. But we are back in consideration for being amongst the
greatest airlines in the world, and that is a validation of all the work our
team has done.

We expect and intend to remain there. And we do not intend
to wait 30 more years to win this award again.

So with that said I will turn it over to Derek to give you
more details, and then Robert.

DEREK KERR, EVP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug, and good morning everyone. We did file our earnings release this
morning and in that release we announced our fourth-quarter 2016 GAAP net
profit of $289 million or $0.56 per diluted share. This compares to our fourth-quarter
2015 GAAP net profit of $3.3 billion or $5 per diluted share which included a
$3 billion non-cash tax benefit resulting from the reversal of our Company's
valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2015.

Excluding special charges we reported a net profit of $475
in the fourth quarter of 2016, or $0.92 per diluted share versus a fourth
quarter of 2015 net profit of $1.3 billion or $2 per diluted share. As Doug
said, our GAAP fourth-quarter 2016 pre-tax profit was $500 million. And
excluding special charges our fourth-quarter pre-tax profit was $773 million,
resulting in a pre-tax margin of 7.9%.

For the full year our GAAP pre-tax income was $4.3 billion
and our pre-tax income excluding special items was $5.1 billion. This equates
to a 2016 pre-tax margin of 12.6%. As Doug said both the 2016 pre-tax income
and margin were the second-best in Company's history.

On a full-year basis excluding special charges and a
non-cash tax provision of $1.6 billion our adjusted fully diluted EPS was
$9.10, down only $0.02 from 2015 which reflects a 19.1% reduction in our fully
diluted average share count during the year. We are pleased to see improved
revenue performance in the fourth quarter of 2016 as total operating revenues
were up 1.7% year over year to $9.8 billion. Passenger revenues were $8.3
billion, up 0.5% on a yield improvement of 1.8%.

This was the first year-over-year increase in PRASM, yield
and TRASM since the fourth quarter of 2014. And Robert will give more detail on
this in his remarks.

Cargo revenues were up 1.3% to $194 million due primarily to
improving yields. Other operating revenues were $1.2 billion, up 10.2% versus
the same period last year due primarily to the impact of our new credit card
agreements signed with Barclays card, US, Citi and MasterCard in July 2016.

Total GAAP operating expenses for the fourth quarter of 2016
were $9 billion, up 5.4% versus the same period last year. Fourth-quarter
mainline CASM per ASM was $0.1293, up 5.7% year over year. Excluding special
charges and fuel our mainline CASM was $0.1017, up 10.3% year over year,
primarily driven by the salary and benefit increases provided to our team
members which was worth 7 points, the introduction of our profit-sharing plan 1
point, aircraft maintenance timing 1 point and increased depreciation and
amortization 1 point resulting from new aircraft and increased capital
investment.

Regional operating cost per ASM in the fourth quarter was
$0.196, down 0.9% from the corresponding quarter in 2015. Excluding special
charges and fuel regional CASM was $0.157, a decrease of 2.5% due to the
continued shift to more efficient regional jets. Consolidated CASM ex-fuel was
up 8.5% for the fourth quarter.

We ended the year with approximately $8.8 billion in total available
liquidity comprised of cash and investments of $6.4 billion and $2.4 billion in
undrawn revolver capacity. The Company also has $638 million in restricted
cash.

During the quarter we completed several financing
transactions. These include closing the 2016-3 enhanced equipment trust
certificates with total proceeds of $814 million. We repriced our $1 billion
spare parts term loan and refinanced our 2013 Citi term loan with a new $1.25
billion facility.

In the fourth quarter of 2016 the Company returned $606
million to its shareholders, including quarterly dividend payments totaling $52
million and the repurchase of $554 million of common stock for 12.2 million
shares. The $2 billion share repurchase program authorized in April 2016 is now
complete.

During 2016 we returned $4.6 billion to our shareholders
through dividends and share repurchases, bringing the total to more than $9.6
billion since our capital return program started in May 2014. That number
includes $9 billion to repurchase 228.4 million shares at an average share
price of $39.41 and -- sorry, $646 million in dividends.

Including shares repurchases, shares withheld to cover taxes
associated with employee share distributions and equity awards and the cash
extinguishment of convertible debt our share count has dropped by almost a
third from 756.1 million at merger close in December 2013 to 507.3 million
shares at the end of 2016. On January 25 the Company's Board authorized a new
$2 billion share repurchase authorization to be completed by the end of 2018,
and the Company also declared a dividend of $0.10 per share to be paid on
February 27 to stockholders of record as of February 13.

With respect to our pension obligations, the Company is
committed to being fully funded under the existing airline relief legislation.
In order to be fully funded we will make an approximately $300 million
contribution in the second quarter of 2017. Upon expiration of the legislation
at the end of 2017 we are expected to make contributions of approximately $1.1 billion
in 2018 and $850 million in 2019.

Taking these planned pension contributions into
consideration, our current debt levels, and to protect against the impact of an
adverse economic shock, we have increased our minimum target liquidity balance
by $500 million to $7 billion, a significantly stronger liquidity position than
our competitors.

Turning to 2017, our capacity is planned to be up
approximately 1% which is consistent with our prior guidance. Domestic capacity
is expected to be flat with 3% fewer departures offsetting a 3% increase in
gauge, with international capacity is up 4% primarily due to the completion of
the 777-200 retrofit program in the second quarter and a run rate impact of
three new Pacific markets that were added in 2016.

During the quarter the 1% ASM growth -- or by quarter the 1%
ASM growth in 2017 is approximately 2% down in the first quarter, up 1% in the
second quarter and up 2% in both the third and fourth quarter. Also consistent
with prior guidance we expect year-over-year CASM, consolidated CASM excluding
fuel and special items, to be up approximately 4%. We are continuing to make
significant investments to close the revenue and operational gap with our
competitors.

These incremental investments are focused on our people, our
product and our operation. The increase is made up of 2 points in salaries and
benefits, 1 point in maintenance and 1 point in depreciation for our aircraft
replacement program and increased non-aircraft investments. Year over year unit
cost increases are greatest in Q1 as capacity is down by 2% and these salary
increases given to our maintenance and fleet service team members are not
lapped until the middle of the third quarter.

So by quarter consolidated CASM excluding fuel and special
items is expected to increase by 8% to 10% in the first quarter, 4% to 6% in
the second quarter, 1% to 3% in the third quarter and zero to 2% in the fourth
quarter. As we talked about on the last call we are close to finalizing the
majority of the integration work. Therefore, in 2017 we plan to review our cost
structure and eliminate redundancies that still exist post-integration.

We also expect improved asset utilization and increased
productivity as a number of investments in our operations take hold. We will
see the effect of these initiatives in 2018 and beyond. We expect higher fuel
prices in 2017 to drive an increase in fuel expenses of approximately $1.4
billion over 2016.

Based on the fuel curve as of January 24, 2017 our mainline
fuel price forecast for the first quarter of 2017 is $1.66 to $1.71 per gallon.
We do expect to pay $1.72 to $1.77 for the full year.

Using the midpoints of the guidance we just provided along
with the revenue guidance that Robert will give we expect the first-quarter
pre-tax margin excluding special items to be between 3% and 5%. For 2017
capital expenditures we expect to take delivery of 57 mainline aircraft and 12
regional aircraft, resulting in total gross aircraft CapEx of approximately
$4.1 billion. This is the final year of the big capital expenditures for
aircraft and it reduces in 2018 and beyond.

In addition, we expect to invest $1.5 billion in
non-aircraft CapEx for the full year which includes continued integration work
and the investments to improve our product and operations.

So in conclusion, we are very pleased with the outstanding
results our team produced in 2016 and look forward to another great year in
2017. I'd like to thank our 120,000 team members for all they have done in 2016
to make American the airline of the year.

Thanks again for your time this morning. And I will turn it
over to Robert.

ROBERT ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning and thanks for joining us.

We took tremendous strides in 2016 integrating our airline.
In addition, we enhanced our network, fleet, customer service and operation.
Our employees saw changes in the past year as well with the return of
profit-sharing, workspace improvement, labor agreements and the rollout of
in-depth customer service training programs.

Many of these steps weren't easy and I'd like to thank our
more than 100,000 team members for their outstanding work throughout the year.
As the integration chapter draws to a close a new chapter of innovation is
opening.

Following a challenging operating environment in the summer
our frontline team rebounded with the fall schedule and quickly brought our
operations back to the same trajectory that we saw earlier in the year. In
October and November our baggage handling performance reached record levels for
the new American.

In addition, our November completion factor reached a record
high for the Company. While December brought the typical operational challenges
that come with winter weather and the increased holiday flying our operational
performance still improved year over year across the board.

As we discussed on our last call on October 1 we moved to a
single flight operating system which allowed pilots and aircraft from each
legacy carrier to be scheduled interchangeably. This transition has already
paid dividends over the last three months as evidenced by the operational
results.

Moving forward, running a single flight operating system
will not only improve operational results, but it will provide the opportunity
to fine-tune the network to serve each market with the approximate mix of
frequency -- with the appropriate mix of frequency and capacity. It will also
assist in recovering from irregular ops as the team and the IOC will have
access to a full complement of aircraft and pilot resources to help put the
operation back on schedule when things go off.

We are very pleased with our revenue performance in the
fourth quarter. Our fourth-quarter passenger revenue per ASM was up 2/10 of a
percent and our fourth-quarter total revenue per ASM was up 1.3%, marking the
first positive result for any US carrier in a year and a half and the first
time for a legacy carrier in almost two years. And this is the second quarter,
consecutive quarter where our unit revenue performance was materially better
than the rest of the industry and our legacy competitors in particular.

It's clear that the investments that we are making in our
people and our product are gaining traction in the marketplace, and based on
published guidance we expect our out-performance to continue in the first
quarter, as well. In spite of unfavorable holiday shifts our domestic
consolidated PRASM was up 3/10 of a percent. We saw improvement broadly across
all hubs with DFW and Los Angeles leading the way. The domestic business
benefited from a stable pricing environment and we saw our strongest yield
improvements come from flow market.

Our corporate share was positive for the fourth consecutive
quarter and we did see a bump in volume and yield post-election. In particular,
we saw strength in banking, financials, industrials and in entertainment.

Our Latin performance overall was very strong as well with
PRASM up 10.2%. Although Brazil led the way, Mexico, Central America and
Venezuela were all positive for the quarter. On a year-over-year basis our
Brazil PRASM was up 53%. However, it still remains negative on a year over
two-year basis.

Our Caribbean performance continues to remain under pressure
from low-cost carrier capacity additions throughout 2016 which has resulted in
a weak pricing environment. The Atlantic was our worst performing international
entity with PRASM down 7.7%. The main drivers of this performance are continued
capacity increases specifically from low-cost carriers and negative
foreign-exchange impact resulting from the strengthening US dollar.

American is highly exposed to the pound with half of our
transatlantic capacity in the UK. The weakened pound negatively impacted UK
PRASM by about 5 points.

Across the Pacific PRASM was down 4.9% on capacity increases
of 39% as we grow into the new services from Los Angeles to Hong Kong, Canada,
Sydney and Auckland. Looking forward we continue to see positive trends overall
in the forward revenue environment and expect positive year-over-year TRASM in
each quarter of 2017.

Regionally our domestic first-quarter PRASM is expected to
continue to improve versus the fourth quarter as the pricing environment has
stabilized and competitive capacity growth has moderated. In Latin America we
expect another quarter of strong year-over-year improvement while the Pacific
entity is expected to decline at a similar level to the fourth quarter. Lastly,
the Atlantic region is showing modest signs of improvement due to easing comps
from past terror event as well as our capacity reduction. However, it remains
challenged as low-priced carriers continue to grow and the British pound
remains weak.

With that, we expect fourth-quarter total revenue per ASM,
not passenger, but total RASM to be up 2.5% to 4.5% year over year. As we look
beyond the first quarter we are excited about the commercial initiatives that
our team has worked so hard on.

We recently announced our new Basic Economy product which
will begin selling in February. Basic Economy will not only allow us to offer a
tailored product to all of our customers, but will help us compete more
effectively with the growing number of ultra-low-cost carriers.

In addition, we have begun to roll out our Premium Economy
product on our widebody fleet. And when fully implemented we believe that Basic
and Premium Economy combined are worth more than $1 billion in incremental
revenue.

In conclusion, we took great strides in 2016 to position
American as the next industry leader. Our [res] systems and loyalty programs
have been combined, our workgroups have come together and our systems have been
merged to create a strong and capable airline that is now delivering positive
unit revenue growth.

While we have a lot of work to do we look forward to
reporting on future successes. And with that I'd like to turn the call back
over to the operator to start our Q&A session.

DOUG PARKER: Excellent. Thank you, Derek, thank you Robert.
Yes, operator, we are ready for questions, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan
Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Hi, good morning.
Thanks for the time.

Just first question for you, can you just walk through the
approach that you are taking with Basic Economy. Just color on how you're
thinking about domestic versus international, the market, the rollout timeline
and so on. And then just specific benefits you are looking for in 2017 on Basic
Economy?

ROBERT ISOM: Well, Don Casey can help me out, but the idea
behind Basic Economy and Premium Economy is segmentation and getting a product
and a price to customers at every stage of the demand curve. And so the game
plan right now is that we are going to be really smart in terms of how we roll
out Basic Economy.

We are going to start with 10 different markets and that
will start here in the next couple of months. And from there we plan to roll it
out and to make sure that we can do it effectively at the airports and to
really understand how our customers react, as well. Our hope is to have it
fully rolled out over the course of 2017 and early 2018 throughout our domestic
network.

Right now that's where we stand. From a Premium Economy
perspective, of course that's starting with our international fleet and with
the 787-900s, and then from there we will be reconfiguring our fleet, our
widebody fleet to allow that to be sold throughout the international network.

So we do continue to see the demand for the product. And we
think that it's going to really help us with competition from low-cost carriers
and defending our hub. Don?

DON CASEY, SVP, REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Yes, clearly the product features that we have are not changeable, not
upgradable, reduced elite qualifying miles as well as no seat selection in our
effective barriers for business customers. This is really all about tapping
into the willingness to pay for existing product that's difficult to get at
given the current distribution model which just shows the lowest fare.

So those product attributes we think business customers are
going to be interested in paying a bit more for our product that we offer
today. And as we've talked to our appropriate customers since we've made the
announcement they don't want us to distribute the basic product to them because
they don't see it as attractive.

But there's also an opportunity, we believe, to capture an
increased willingness to pay for leisure customers, as well, that are buying
further out. And for that we think the carry-on bag restriction or the checked
bag-only policy related to the product is actually quite critical to tapping into
the willingness to pay for leisure customers.

RAJEEV LALWANI: And in terms of that $1 billion of benefit
that you talked about for Basic and Premium, how much is for Basic?

DOUG PARKER: This is Doug. I don't know that we have broken
it out. But anyway, know that we believe the value is there, and as Robert just
described given the size of the value we want to get there as quickly as we
can.

We also need to make sure we manage it properly. So as
anxious as we are to get it in throughout the system we are not going to go in
a way that we can't manage well and our people can't manage well.

So I think as you go to model this side I would, again, if
it were me I wouldn't build a whole lot into 2017 because we are going to ramp
it up, but and then hopefully we will surprise you on the upside, but know that
it's going to be there in 2018.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. And then Doug, a question for you. In
terms of domestic capacity you are keeping it flat this year obviously.

When does that start to reverse itself and what are the
metrics you are looking at to figure out whether or not to start pushing it up?
It seems like the RASM trends are clearly in your favor, so just how you are
thinking about it.

ANDREW NOCELLA, SVP, NETWORK PLANNING, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Yes, this is Andrew. It's flat this year. As we look at the balance
of international versus domestic it wouldn't shock me if we slightly toned down
international and add a little bit to domestic this year, but that's not the
current plan.

We will just watch the trend. And if those trends continue I
tend think you'll see a little bit more next year given that's where the RASM
growth seems to be given the international environment capacity and demand
environment right now.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Thank you, gentlemen.

OPERATOR: Duane Pfennigwerth, Evercore ISI.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH, ANALYST, EVERCORE: Hi, thanks for taking
the questions. Just on January, I know you don't disclose monthly but can you
give any sense for trends that you are seeing in South Florida and perhaps the
Northeast so far in the month of January?

DOUG PARKER: Is there something specific you think we should
be seeing that you are asking?

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Just if there is anything off-trend
specifically in South Florida as you rolled up, as you started January relative
to the rest of the network.

ANDREW NOCELLA: This is Andrew. I think capacity in South
Florida and the Caribbean is really elevated. So it is putting pressure on our
Miami hub and I think all South Florida operations. That looks like it's going
to continue for the next few months or quarters at this rate.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. And then on regional capacity I
just had a minor detail question. It looks like you are modestly down year over
year as we roll through the year and you are taking some deliveries.

So just wondering is that optimal or was this a function of
pilot availability constraints? Can you just talk through the mix shift there?

ANDREW NOCELLA: I'm not sure I'd say it was optimal. We are
working through our regional jet requirements and making an assessment of where
we want to be for 2018.

We did as you see from the stats reduced departures and grow
ASMs, and we'd like that trend and we did, in fact, plan for that. As we look
forward for next year I do think we will stop shrinking the regional capacity
at this rate because we don't want to cut our scheduled depth far more than we
already have.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay, that's great. Thanks for taking
the questions.

Out of respect for the other people on the phone I will keep
it there. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS: Hi guys. Thanks for the time.

I guess, Derek, I think you said you had some cost reduction
initiatives that would help your numbers in 2018 and 2019. Can you give us a sense
of what the magnitude of these things might be?

DEREK KERR: We really haven't gone through that process yet,
so as we talked about on the last call there's opportunities. We just haven't
been through it. When we get through all of the work we are going to do on it
in 2017 we will give you some guidance going into 2018.

We have given you where we think 2017 is going to be and it
comes down throughout the year. But as we've talked about on last calls I
believe the next two years can be, obviously, no more than 2% and should be we
can get it below that.

So we haven't really gone through it. We are not going to
peg a number at this point in time. But we will give you more as the year goes
on probably at the end of the year as we go into 2018.

DOUG PARKER: We understand your desire to know more. We just
don't have much to tell you at this point because we need to go do the work.

We, frankly, haven't spent a lot of time doing that just yet
because it's a ways off because we are still working through the integration.
But we wouldn't mention it if we didn't think it was a material number, but we
don't have any idea what it is yet. And we wouldn't want to give you a number
and not have it be something we've given more thought to it.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. And then I guess if I can just ask
you a little bit more about 2017 and specifically on free cash flow, Derek, you
just took everything you knew today with your pension contributions that you
laid out and then whatever you think is an appropriate revenue assumption for
the year, would you expect to generate free cash flow this year?

DEREK KERR: Well, we haven't given you the full year on
RASM. So I think that would give you an answer of what we think our RASM is
going to be for the year. I mean -- no, no. What I was going to say is we have
the aircraft CapEx at $4 billion.

We've talked about continuing to finance aircraft. We
believe we will finance somewhere in the 70%, 75% of that range, so if you take
that with the debt payments at $2.1 billion and the pension payment at $300
million, you can use that information to get where you are with whatever your
RASM number is for the full year.

DARRYL GENOVESI: And then if I could just squeak one in for
Robert or Don, I think you've said that your Basic Economy product is going to
allow you to compete more effectively with ultra low-cost carriers. But I guess
I was wondering once you think Basic Economy is fully ramped up, would you
expect to be putting more inventory or less inventory towards matching Spirit
and Frontier and those kind of competitors down the road than you do today?

DON CASEY: From an inventory perspective, I mean both the
main cabin product and the Basic product they share the same inventory. So we
are always going to have both products available for our customers. But we will
continue to match the ultra low-cost carrier pricing with our Basic product and
the Basic product is going to exist on all of the flights that we operate in
each market.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay, thanks guys.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Good morning. So
thanks for the -- I'm going to come at one of Darryl's questions a little bit
of a different way.

In terms of the cost savings opportunities, can you maybe
give us some context in terms of the overall opportunity as it relates to the
outlook for the next couple of years? Which do you think is a greater
opportunity for you to close the margin gap or to get your margins where you
want them to be, is maybe a better way of putting it, revenues or costs? Which
is the greater degree of opportunity?

DOUG PARKER: It's not even close. It's cost -- it's revenue.
So you can do the analysis here, Hunter.

If you look at our gap in margin versus Delta it's more than
100% revenue, so that's where it is. That's the good news, by the way, because
that is, one, you are starting to see it close now and we have a number of
initiatives that we have to put in place that they to their credit already have
in place like Basic Economy.

And a number of other things that Don and Robert can talk
about, but that's where the upside is without a doubt. The leverage in this
Company is in revenue performance to closing the revenue gap, that's why we are
investing so much in the product and that's why we are investing in the team
because we know that's where the leverage is. It is to close that revenue gap
and that is the entirety of the margin gap, indeed it's more than 100% of it.

HUNTER KEAY: Okay. So is that regaining lost share or is
that growing the wallet share from your existing customers?

DOUG PARKER: Well, again, I will turn it over to the experts
first who can give you more details. But know this. Some of it is just where we
fly.

If you have a large operation in Latin America right now,
while that's a source of the improvement year over year it's also the lowest
margin client in the world right now. So some of it, and you will see this from
time to time in each of our airlines as we move forward, there will be certain
pockets that we fly to that are producing lower margin and others just because
the world economies vary. But that's not the entirety of it by any means.

I just want to point that one out. So you see some of that.
But look American airlines not too long ago didn't have a RASM gap to Delta
Airlines.

We've gone through a lot. And they've been well ahead of us
in terms of getting a merger done and being ahead. So that's where the upside
is, and, again, I will let Robert and Don give you more detail.

ROBERT ISOM: Hunter, I think it's a combination of both.
It's making sure we get our fair share and growing the pie too.

So look, the categories that we've got ahead of us and now
that so many of the merger constraints and integration are behind us, really
exciting to go out and pursue it. As Doug said, many of these things are really
things that other carriers have, frankly, had the chance to go pursue.

So we are working on schedule and simplifying our design and
our rollout for that and potential disruption as we move from schedule to
schedule. We think that there is a lot of advantage to that. You know about
Basic Economy, you know about Premium Economy.

We think that there are things that can be done even further
where we are with those categories in terms of rolling out quicker and
potentially expanding into other regions. Long-haul interior improvements, you
know we are in the final stages of the conversion of our 777-200 and having lie
flat seats for all of our international widebody service. And that's very
exciting and showing a lot of results.

There was density that came with that, as well. We think
that there is actually additional opportunities in terms of density
specifically in our narrowbody fleet that we'd like to consider that, again,
would get us back to where others in the industry are. There's work that we are
doing in our sales organization, as well.

I will let Andrew talk a little bit about this, and I want
Don to speak to some of the revenue management issues. But, quite frankly, we
have not invested in our salesforce really as we'd like and should have, and
that's had an impact over the last few years. And we are going to turn that
around.

So with that, Don, why don't you talk a little bit about
your arm stuff and Andrew maybe a little bit more on sales, too?

DON CASEY: Yes, just to touch, basically go back quickly to
the segmentation. All the segmentation we are doing, as I mentioned earlier, is
it's just capturing willingness to pay that we are unable to capture without
the discounted segmentation model.

And that's really growing the pie. We don't have to take
traffic from anyone else to be able to increase revenues.

Just on the revenue management side of things we've been on
a journey here for the last few years for reinventing how we do yield
management and revenue management here at American Airlines. Really started in
the summer of 2015 when we launched -- got a new forecaster, but the new
forecaster isn't really just a black box that suddenly now gives a different
number.

We completely redid the entire workflow and process within
our yield management function. And that was a very, very big change of
management process. So we changed the role of the analyst, what they do, how
they do it and what they focus on.

It did take a while for us to bed that down and get our feet
underneath us. Certainly some of the benefit that we've seen over the last six
months is just better execution on the YM side of the business as we get better
and better at the execution in our new field management process.

And we're really not done with that either. That's really just
the first step down this path. We have implemented an entirely new inventory
system in October that gives us a lot more capabilities based on the new
inventory system and the structure we've created in our forecasting model.

We've implemented a new optimizer which, again, optimizes
revenue across the network. That was done in November. And at the same time
we've reorganized the way we use our inventories which gave us more
inventories.

We are selling the premium cabin in our domestic business.
And we have seen quite material benefits of that, as well. But the optimizer,
the new inventory system, more inventories for selling premium product, those
are benefits that are going to materialize as we look forward.

HUNTER KEAY: All right, thanks.

DOUG PARKER: This is Doug. Sales I think is an important
thing to point out, too.

ANDREW NOCELLA: On the sales front, Hunter, I think as we
look back over the last 12 to 18 months we undersized the salesforce, we have
not enough boots on the ground to deal with the potential of corporate
contracted revenue that's out there. That's, obviously, some of the best
revenue in the pool to grab, so we are taking a close look at that.

We are going to expand the salesforce. We have worked a lot
of process out so we can empower the salesforce to be much more competitive out
there. And we do think as we look at the number of contracts we have relative
to our primary competitors we have fewer.

We are going to close that gap over the next 12 months. We
just brought in a new global senior salesperson, Alison Taylor, who is leading
that effort. And it's going to have a really, I think meaningful impact, over
the next 12 to 18 months.

DOUG PARKER: Look, Hunter, so of all that you just heard I
mean everything, most everything Don talked about is not share shift but
actually just doing a better job with the existing revenue base. And then what
Andrew talked about, obviously, is just getting back to our natural share.

It's not trying to go steal share. We've gotten to a point
where we have less of that traffic that Andrew talked about that we believe in
airline of our size and quality should. So we are going to given all the
investment we've made we believe it's natural we should get that share back.

Look without, anyway, I will give you my best guess. It's
80% of the gap closure is going to be doing a better job of just managing our
revenues better and 20% of it is getting back some of our natural share.

HUNTER KEAY: Yes, that's great. Begs a lot a follow-up
questions, but I will leave it there. Thank you so much.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.: Good
morning, Doug. I will let somebody else ask you about relative margins for a
change. My question has to do with costs.

I know that you attribute the bulk of 2017 CASM to labor. I
get that. But what am trying to understand is whether all the investments in
the business, investments that hopefully allow you to run as efficient an
airline as Delta, are these investments currently being made or is that more of
a 2018 issue?

The reason I ask is that I don't want to be too optimistic
in believing that you could have the best year-on-year cost performance of any
airline next year as we anniversary labor. I guess another way of asking is whether
you believe you will be running the airline you want to be running by the end
of this year or is there still a lot of cost wood to chop in 2018? Let me put
it that way.

DOUG PARKER: Can you say it again? I just want to make sure
I got you right.

JAMIE BAKER: All right. What's your 2018 ex-fuel CASM
forecast? Simple enough, but if you want to confuse that with revenue you can
tell me that number.

DOUG PARKER: Look, I think we've tried to answer that. Here
is what we believe.

And once we get through what we've built into our 2018 plan
for expenses, we believe, I'm sorry, 2017, thanks, we believe in 2017 what we
have built into our 2017 expenses and therefore what you see in what Derek gave
you for guidance, we believe we have everything we need to go compete. And,
again, that's the belief.

Other airlines go and make other changes. We may need to
adjust accordingly, of course, so caveat as we should.

But this isn't, we feel really good about once we get
through 2017 we've got the investment in the airline we need to go run it.
Look, I've got to tell you there's one other thing going on, though, as you
should know which is the reason we have a cost advantage that I talked about is
because we still have some of our employees making less than are being paid at
other airlines. That's something that, again, we have contracts in place and
things like that that you need to be thinking of that as you go forward. You
should not expect that we are going to try and run our airline as we sign new
contracts with a cost advantage versus those airlines because we don't intend
to.

Our people are the best there are. So know that. That cost
advantage no one should expect to be long-term sustainable.

JAMIE BAKER: Okay, understood. I appreciate that.

And the second question for Bev. Could you just outline with
a little bit more granularity, and feel free to geek out if you want to, what
are the relevant integration exercises that are yet to take place and what's
the approximate timing and approximate risk of each one, or associated with
each one?

BEV GOULET, EVP & CHIEF INTEGRATION OFFICER, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Well, Jamie, you know me well enough to know that I like
to geek out. But I will try to --

JAMIE BAKER: We've known each other a while.

BEV GOULET: Really three major projects left to get done.
First of all is getting our flight attendants into a common system. Hard at
work on that right now.

It's a complicated matter. We are essentially taking an LUS
contract and modifying the LAA system to accommodate it. But a lot of really
good work going on right now.

You know, we don't have a firm plan yet, but we are
optimistic within the next 12-plus months we ought to see something there. Also
putting in a state-of-the-art HR and payroll system, again a lot of work there
when you consider that it covers 650,000 people or so.

And then finally we don't have our tech ops organization
integrated yet. And that is a long-term process, best case probably another
three to four years.

JAMIE BAKER: Okay, very good. Thanks to both of you.

I appreciate it. Good luck.

OPERATOR: Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES, INC.:
Good morning. So I just wanted to ask on the cash returned to shareholder
standpoint, I'm guessing we are going to get a slowdown from the last couple of
years. But just wanted to maybe understand a little bit better how you think
about that regarding share buyback and also dividends.

I know from a dividend yield standpoint you are kind of
behind some of your competitors. How do you think about those items?

DOUG PARKER: Okay, we've got to be a little careful about
what we talk about, obviously, in the future and how we plan to return -- how
we plan to redistribute to shareholders, but I will say this. We are happy with
the dividend that we are providing shareholders at this point.

As we talk to our shareholders, at least those shareholders
of American airlines today they seem more excited about share repurchase
activity, the dividend activity. That, of course, could change and we will keep
talking to them. So as it relates to the share repurchase, I will let Derek
talk about where we are on that activity.

DEREK KERR: I think the third and fourth quarter slowed down
versus the first and second quarter as we, the two things that we did is we
looked at our minimum cash levels and we've raised that from 6.5 to 7. So we
have probably less excess cash than we have had since the beginning of the
merger. So I would expect it to slow down a little bit, but that all depends on
timing and where we go with things and what the forecast looks like.

So I would hate to project what we are going to do during
the year. We just announced the new $2 billion program, so I won't project how
quick we are going to do that. It all depends on what the outlook looks like
moving forward and where we are going to end the year and we adjust it
quarterly depending on how everything looks.

DOUG PARKER: I will just add this. We remain bullish, that's
for sure. We talked at length about the upside we think we have on the revenue
side. And we continue to believe the industry in total is being undervalued
just because of shareholders who are concerned that this really, the issue
really hasn't changed the way we believe it has.

So we are really quite bullish. We think there's now some --
we think the industry multiples are lower than they should be and within the
industry we think American has more upside than anyone else. So long as we
continue to produce earnings that we expect, so long as having used those to
continue to invest in the business at the level we think makes sense, which by
the way we are investing more capital in this airline than has ever been
invested in an airline in the history of commercial aviation and we are proud
of that.

We are going to be putting out a product that's so much
different than what the customers of American have seen in the past as we move
forward. And we are excited about the that.

But, anyway, as we continue to be able to do that to the
level we need to and we still continue to have excess cash which we expect we
will be returning that to our shareholders as we should, particularly at peak
moments.

SAVI SYTH: That's helpful. Thanks, Doug.

And if I may follow up with you are coming, gone through
most of the integration process here. I think there was talk about maybe having
an Analyst Day this year. Just thoughts on that, and then maybe what we should
expect from it.

DEREK KERR: Yes, I think we are still working through that.
It most likely we will have it later in the back half of the year, probably in
the third of fourth quarter.

No expectations yet. I mean we have -- we'll go through
where we are at at that point in time. But our plan is to have one later in the
year and have a Media and Analyst Day at the same time.

SAVI SYTH: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP: Good
morning, thanks guys. Well, leave it to me to kick a dead horse here because
you guys gave a really good answer on the margin parity question.

I just wonder if I can put a little finer point on it. At
least as I look at it there's about $3 billion in revenue that needs to be made
up. And Doug, I appreciate your commentary.

You've got some geographic exposure which I put at a $2
billion revenue hit. So at least as we think about today, should we think about
this as a three-year catch up, a five-year plan, a four-year plan? And I guess
as we look at these categories that you laid out for us this morning, do they
really capture that $3 billion deficit, or are there other initiatives that
need to yet be rolled out at some point?

DOUG PARKER: Really hard to say how many, particularly when
you are talking about the piece that is related to global economies, when they
return and where those go. So as I know you appreciate hard for us to -- and by
the way, we are not endorsing your split between how much of that is the
relative economies versus things we can do. But you can do that work and come
up with whatever number you'd like.

But there are certainly some related to that. Of the things
that we can control, all the initiatives we've talked about, I think, again,
you will see a lot of it start to come in in 2017 but not be full run rate
2017. Certainly things like Basic Economy.

By 2018 you see I don't know, Don, I don't want to hang you
out there too far. What would you say 2017 versus 2018 -- 2018 kind of the run
rate on these type of revenue initially?

DON CASEY: Well, it really varies by very dramatically by
initiative, initiative by initiative. The big ones we have talked about, so
Premium Economy or Basic Economy, reality is they're probably going to be 20%
this year and 80% next year just based on the where we are in terms of the
rollout plan. Some of the things we are doing in the sales side of the business
and we are doing on the revenue management side of the business we are going to
get to probably I'd say about 60% to 70% of that probably in 2017, the rest of
it coming in 2018.

DOUG PARKER: So anyway, the short answer is yes, we believe
we can close all of it. Clearly the economies may vary and we will see. And we
think we can do the majority of that through 2018.

DAN MCKENZIE: I appreciate the clarification. Thanks. I
guess --

DOUG PARKER: And, again, I probably should be clear,
completing it in 2018 then really closing in more 2019, 2020.

DAN MCKENZIE: Understood. Robert, I appreciate the
commentary on improved ops. But what are the specific goals as you look ahead,
what have been the biggest challenges? And I'm guessing that those might have
been tied to the MD-80s and the 767s, and I guess just as you think about the
ops, how much of an earnings tailwind do you think a better operation is going
to be in 2017 versus what you experienced in 2016?

ROBERT ISOM: If you take a look at the last few years I think
we've had our hands full with integrating the airline. In many respects we've
run two if not three separate systems when you think about pilots, flight
attendants and the aircraft. The great news is we got our pilots and our
aircraft altogether.

That allows us to start making sure that we have our hubs
set up and resourced appropriately. It takes a lot of complexity out of the
system.

Big upside for us I think is completion factor. Big upside I
think is production of mis-connected customers. And then when you take a look
at the rework that defaults with the off-schedule operation, I can probably
talk more about this, we have a lot of investments we've been making in the
last three years on top of integrating that are going to come to fruition in
the next couple of years.

So, for instance, in terms of bag mishandling I think
there's a step function improvement that we're headed towards, not the least of
which is just due to general improved operations but also technology that will
help us reunite customers with mishandled bags in a much more expedited and
hopefully cost-effective fashion. And so that's going to be a benefit.

I think in irregular operation, which has been really the
biggest source of issue and concern with customers, it's tough to put together
two systems as opposed to one when things go off schedule. And the good news on
that front is we have tools, technology both to get our aircraft and our crews
and, importantly, our customers to give them choice to get back on schedule
without having to wait in a line or go straight to reservations. That
technology I think is all keyed up to come out this year and in 2018, and it's
going to be, again, a big step function improvement for us and something that
other competitors have already done.

DAN MCKENZIE: Thanks for that clarification. I appreciate
it.

OPERATOR: Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALSYT, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Thank you very
much. So Derek, when you guys announced your credit card agreement over the
summer, you indicated that the incremental revenue from that was 100% margin.
Essentially that the pre-tax income matched the revenue, in other words.

So it's clear that there is no recurring cost allocated
against that revenue. If that's the case, why shouldn't we think of the $1.5
billion in marketing revenue you guys disclosed in the 2015 10-K as similarly a
very, very high-margin revenue, say over 90%?

DOUG PARKER: Hey, Joe, it's Doug. I'm sorry, what's --

DEREK KERR: I'll start.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Derek.

DEREK KERR: I think, Joe, what we had said at that point in
time, you are right, because all that changed in that transaction was a higher
dollar amount for each mile paid. So, in other words, the program was in place,
we were getting X for what we were for those miles and that number went up and
changed. So that increase was, but the base program is not all incremental and
not all single margin, but that increase at that point in time was just a
higher paid fee to us per mile.

DOUG PARKER: And what's the $1.5 billion number he's talking
about?

DEREK KERR: Well, we announced that it was going to be $200
million in the first year, $250 million in the first year, $500 million in the
second year and $800 million in the third year. So that was the three-year
combination to get to the $1.5 billion of the increase for the next (multiple
speakers)

JOSEPH DENARDI: Derek, just do so I'm clear, the $1.5
billion you guys in your 2015 10-K disclosed that marketing revenue from the
credit card was $1.5 billion. That's separate from what you announced over the
summer. I guess what I'm asking is (multiple speakers)

DOUG PARKER: Thanks. That's what I was trying to get at.
Okay.

So you gave a number for the 2015 K of $1.5 billion. We've
disclosed that we have indeed signed a new contract and we've talked you about
the incremental increase. But I think you should add those two numbers and come
to a total number, but (technical difficulty) up to you to decide how to
estimate where we are now.

So anyway look, as Derek was saying the increase is entirely
due to just getting a higher rate per mile for the credit card. So, of course,
that will fall almost entirely to the bottom line.

Now the initial $1.5 billion you're talking about, that
number is the number that we were collecting at that point in time and, of
course, we have to redeem those miles. So there is some cost to that, costs we
don't disclose. But you can rightfully assume that it's a nicely profitable
business or we wouldn't do it.

So we were happy with what we were collecting before the new
agreement and now we have a new agreement where we are collecting more. So
those I think are facts as we can disclose them.

But look, on a bigger point I just want to point out, Joe,
you know we've noticed what you've written on this and look, we agree with you.
This is the amount of revenues that the airlines, and particularly American,
collect on our -- on these marketing agreements, these credit card agreements
are different kinds of cash flows than airline cash flows. They are tied to
purchases on credit cards not due to airline economy.

So I think you are right to suggest that investors should
look, should do their best to look through and understand the level of those
cash flows and the certainty of them. To which point you are going to say,
well, then why don't you give us more information? And which we will tell you
we are tied to confidentiality.

But let us go work on it. Let us figure out what we can do
to give you more information.

I think it is important to our shareholders. I think it is
an area where shareholders have understood more how much of our profits and how
much of our revenues are tied to things that aren't really related to the ups
and downs of the airline environment, that they would have even a better
appreciation for why we are so bullish on this airline. And as we do that what
you would learn, of course, is that there is none better than the American
Airlines AAdvantage program and our relationship with two providers Citi and
Barclays.

So we agree with you. Just let us do what we can.

We have to live within agreements and we can't violate
those, of course. And we won't, but we also want to do our best to let our
shareholders understand the certainty of the cash flows.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay, I will leave it there. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Helane Baker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: Thanks. Hi guys,
it's Helane Becker.

I just have, okay, so first I just have one housekeeping
question. I just want to understand RASM improvement, is it sequential, you are
talking about the improvement for -- you are talking about positive for the
year, but are you also talking about sequential improvement from one quarter,
two quarter and so on?

DOUG PARKER: All the numbers we give are year-over-year
numbers.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, then fine. Thank you.

My other question, Doug, when you think about the Atlantic
and the numbers that you provided and you see the capacity growth that's coming
from especially the low-cost carriers, if you don't grow, or if you shrink too
much you cede marketshare and that puts you, I would think, longer term in a
tougher position because your goal is, obviously, to be the best. Not
necessarily the largest, but certainly the best and to want business travelers
to choose American first. And I'm just trying to make sure I understand that
the changes that you are talking about making aren't going to put you in a
position where yields just keep declining in that market as these new low-cost
competitors come in.

ANDREW NOCELLA: Well, Helane, this is Andrew. I think American's
position across the Atlantic combined with our joint venture partners,
particularly British Airways, is really strong. What we did in the first
quarter was cull some flying that was incredibly unprofitable, so you see our
ASM shrinking just a bit.

But that capacity has moved to the third quarter which is a
lot more lucrative for us and, obviously, the industry. So we've moved capacity
where we think it needs to be. We don't intend to cede our position across the
Atlantic to anybody.

And we are working with our JV partners to make sure we have
an effective plan going forward to compete. And that is continued segmentation
of the product as we talked about for the future. So we feel bullish about
that.

It's definitely going to be a really tough competitive
environment, particularly I think over the next year, year and a half as we see
these capacity inflows. But our position is it's good, London Heathrow is the
best hub in Europe and we feel good about it.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, great. Thank you. Those were two of my
questions.

And I will turn the mic over. Thank you.

OPERATOR: David Vernon, Bernstein.

DAVID VERNON, ANALYST, BERNSTEIN: Hey guys, thanks for
making the time. Just a question for you on the cadence of changes in the ASM
forecast.

Obviously, you are starting off with very good guidance on
the TRASM number. If market conditions stay where they are, should we expect a
pickup in the rate of ASM growth to be a little bit of a headwind on that
number? Or is that not going to be as sensitive as the unit cost number?

DEREK KERR: You mean the pickup on ASMs versus --

DAVID VERNON: Yes, it seems like the ASMs dip and then they
accelerate to about 2.4% by the end of the year. I'm just wondering if the unit
revenue growth that we should be expecting would be impacted by that changing
mix at all? Obviously, I would think it's impacting the unit cost growth a
little bit. As you get more volume you are seeing a lower rate of unit
increase.

DOUG PARKER: We are not giving forward RASM growth. But
absolutely, if you see higher growth in ASMs, all else equal you would expect
to see the RASM growth decline and the CASM growth decline.

That's correct. So, again, make your own revenue forecast,
but certainly capacity growth matters.

DAVID VERNON: Yes, I was just looking to make sure that
there wasn't something I was missing in that if there was anything specific --

DOUG PARKER: No, you're not (multiple speakers)

DAVID VERNON: And then as you think about the guidance on
interest expense, the step-up of $90 million or so, is that anticipating
additional leverage or is that just associated with some of the variable-rate
debt?

DEREK KERR: There is a little bit of increase in debt just
due to the aircraft coming on. So it's really driven by the year-over-year
increase in debt is that because we took some on last year. Project debt to be
up somewhere, net debt to be up or total debt to be up somewhere in the $800
million range, so just slightly up in 2017.

OPERATOR: Andrew Didora, Bank of America.

ANDREW DIDORA, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Hi, good morning
everyone. Just one question, one for Robert as a follow-up on Basic Economy.
It's clearly an offering that you and your competitors think will be a nice
positive.

Whenever I hear that I tend to question it a little bit what
everybody thinks is going to be good. But I guess what do you see as the
biggest risk in the product and maybe Robert what are the key metrics that you
will be watching just to judge whether this product is a success or not?

ROBERT ISOM: The risk that I see out there is really
execution. So making sure that we have our customers educated on the product
and our airports and employees all set to deliver I think is the big risk. But
in terms of performance we are going to be watching it on all fronts, certainly
from an operations perspective.

But revenue performance is what this is designed to address.
And so on all levels we will be keeping an eye. Don?

DON CASEY: Obviously, the key thing is trying to figure out
what the price premium can be for the main cabin product compared to Basic. And
that is going to be a function of the competitive environment.

And we are just going to have to figure that out as we go.
Obviously, where we compete with Southwest but that does not have a bag fee we
are going to have to, again, test to see what kind of premium we can get for
our main cabin product versus the Basic product.

ANDREW DIDORA: Can you give us a sense for just in terms of
that premium what the way you see demand shaping up for the Basic Economy
product what you think is a reasonable revenue premium?

DON CASEY: Our pricing for the product is going to be in the
marketplace in the middle of February. And so until we get the pricing in the
market I don't think we really can talk about what kind of premium we are going
to see.

OPERATOR: Michael Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Hey, good morning
everybody. Just two quick ones here for Derek. Derek, when we think about CapEx
and debt I guess this is the year of the peak, 2017?

DEREK KERR: Correct.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Is that? Okay.

Then just with respect to the pension, it looks like that
you are either pulling some of the contributions forward? Or was there an
accounting change there that's driving you to the higher numbers?

DEREK KERR: No, we just pulled it forward into 2017 just to
make sure that we are fully funded from an airline relief act. That's the only
thing that we did.

We used to have $1.4 billion in 2018, we just pulled $300
million of it forward in 2017 and left the $1.1 billion in 2018. So that's the
only change to the pension payment.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay. And then just on the pension, what
was the liability at year-end and then those numbers that you threw out there
for 2017 and 2018, presumably that's still using a lower discount rate, right?

DEREK KERR: 2017 is. 2018 is not, because that's when the
relief act goes away. The liability, our total liability was $17 billion and
our assets are about $10 billion --

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay, so let's call it --

DEREK KERR: At the end of the year.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay, very good.

DEREK KERR: That's from a GAAP perspective.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Absolutely. Okay, great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: We'd like to now take our questions from media.
(Operator Instructions) Mary Schlangenstein, Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN, MEDIA, BLOOMBERG NEWS: Hi, that was
close. I had two quick questions, please.

The first is when Beth was talking about the FOS for flight
attendants and she mentioned a 12-month time frame. Is that 12 months to have
everything in place and done, or is that 12 months to get your plan and then
have to put it in place?

BEV GOULET: Yes, Mary, I think I said 12-months plus. We are
still working out the details of the plan and, obviously, the most important
thing is to get it right.

It's complex, there's a lot of change. We want to make sure
we have our employees fully trained and ready to go. So we will be back to you
a little bit later in terms of a firm plan.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Okay. Are there any numbers or figures
on how much you are not getting, how much of a benefit you are not getting by
continuing to run two systems or I guess how much an extra cost that is?

ROBERT ISOM: It's hard to quantify it. But I will tell you
what, the vast majority of the integration benefit is really with the aircraft
being able to be moved around.

So there is inefficiency in the system. But it's something
that really at the end of the day is more an issue that we want to get, we want
to take care of for our employees, that they are able to be based where they
want to in an unrestricted fashion so they have the benefit of moving around,
as well. So we are trying to get it as quickly as possible but I can tell you
the biggest benefit I think will be for our employees.

DOUG PARKER: Maya, do you want to add something?

MAYA LEIBMAN, EVP & CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER, AMERICAN
AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Just to add to what Bev said, to your question, Mary, we
will have a plan with a firm date no later than the end of this quarter.

DOUG PARKER: That was Maya Leibman.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Right, right. Okay, great. So you would
hope to have FOS in place or have the two flight attendants all integrated by
the end of 12 months after that or the end of this year?

DOUG PARKER: It's the best -- we don't -- at the end of this
quarter we will have a better idea of exactly --

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Of plan. Okay.

Then quickly my second question was you've talked a couple
of times about redundancies. And I know you staffed up to take part, to take
care of some parts of the integration, especially the IT issues to make sure
everything went well. When you are looking at redundancies is there a
possibility of us seeing some job cuts at American?

DOUG PARKER: Look -- go ahead, Robert.

ROBERT ISOM: Look, when we talk about redundancies we've
hired a lot of folks here over the last few years. I think some order of
magnitude almost 20,000 employees when you take into account attrition that has
happened, as well.

My view is that as we take a look going forward we are going
to continue to have attrition within the Company. And the real benefit comes in
not having to hire at such a fast pace than in the past. So the redundancies,
and you take a look at how the airline is working, I really do think that it's
something that we take care of over time and are able to do in a really
cooperative way with all of our employees.

DOUG PARKER: This is Doug now. So thanks for asking, Mary,
because we worry. It's important that we let our shareholders know where we
think our cost structure may be headed, but we care a lot more about how our
team knows they are going to be treated going forward. So we get really nervous
when we start talking about redundancies, and that's why we are being very
careful about what we see in the future.

The last thing we want our team to think is that we have
some large reduction in force coming because we are not going to do that. We
are here because of our team. And to the extent we have the ability to manage
the airlines, we get to one airline with fewer people, we will make sure we do
that in a way that is cognizant and respectful of the people that have gotten
it to here.

So we will manage that through attrition and we will manage
it through, perhaps, early outs. We will do all sorts of things to make sure we
do it right. By no means are we going to do something that doesn't fully
respect all of those that got us to this point.

OPERATOR: Susan Carey, Wall Street Journal.

SUSAN CAREY, MEDIA, WALL STREET JOURNAL: Good morning,
everybody. Just wanted to check on the RASM outlook.

I think Robert said 1Q RASM will be up 2.5% to 4.5%, and you
will have positive year-over-year RASM every quarter of 2017. Is that correct?

ROBERT ISOM: That's what we said, yes.

SUSAN CAREY: Okay, good. Secondly, do you guys want to say
anything or -- secondly, what kind of comment do you have about what Alan Joyce
said overnight about you resubmitting your API with Qantas to the DOT?

ANDREW NOCELLA: This is Andrew. We are excited to get this
resolved with the DOT.

We think there is a lot of consumer benefits and we are
anxious to make our case and get a fair review going forward. So we will get
that going in the near future.

SUSAN CAREY: Well, Mr. Joyce did not say he's going to do
it. He said you may do it, and he's going to think about it and later tell us
what you are going to do. Am I misunderstanding that you actually are going
forward with this?

ANDREW NOCELLA: I think we intend to refile.

SUSAN CAREY: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Andrea Ahles, Fort Worth Star-Telegram.

ANDREA AHLES, MEDIA, FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM: Hello, good
morning. Sort of continuing on with what Susan was asking with the Qantas deal,
are there other initiatives or things that you are thinking about either
refiling or talking with the Trump administration now that we have a new
Presidential administration in office, different policy ideas you think that
you are advocating for that you think that the administration might be more
receptive to than the previous one?

DOUG PARKER: Steve Johnson will help you --

STEVE JOHNSON, EVP, CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Sure. Well, as Andrew said we are hopeful that the Trump
administration will give the Qantas JV application a second and more favorable
look.

We also have an industry effort underway, United and Delta
and American together are advocating that the United States government take
another look at the Open Skies agreement with the Gulf countries. It's pretty
well-known.

A hallmark of the Trump campaign and certainly something
that we've heard a lot about in the first few days of the administration is the
President's focus on making the world economy one in which American companies
can compete better and we think our Gulf carriers campaign is very much that.
So we are looking forward to having the opportunity to speak with the new
administration, the new State Department, the new DOT about that campaign as
well.

ANDREA AHLES: Have you had any discussions yet with the new
administration?

STEVE JOHNSON: Well, no, because the new administration,
while the President is in place and very energetically starting to his
administration, the rest of the agencies that are important to us haven't been
stood up yet and secretaries haven't been confirmed.

ANDREA AHLES: All right. Thank you.

OPERATOR: David Koenig, Associated Press.

DAVID KOENIG, MEDIA, ASSOCIATED PRESS: Well, my question was
really asked and answered but let me use of the floor. This is for Robert, and
I wanted to follow up on one of the analysts who asked about your upcoming op
challenges.

So, Robert, could you please take another run at that
answer? What specific investments are going to improve on time, are going to
improve bag handling? How would you summarize that or explain that in terms
that ordinary passengers and even a dumb reporter can understand?

ROBERT ISOM: Sure. So in terms of on-time performance,
on-time performance is generally a function of your schedule that you produce
and maintenance reliability and then how well you execute day in and day out.
The investment that we've made in bolstering our maintenance capabilities in
our hub is significant with both manpower and systems and parts which is going
to pay off.

In terms of better decision-making, you are aware of the
Integrated Operations Center that we've built which is state-of-the-art. I
think best in the industry, and we are going to be able to take full advantage
of that now that we are integrated. So the integration and having aircraft that
are fully swappable throughout the system provides backup that we really didn't
have in many places before.

So I do think that we are going to have a material impact in
terms of on-time performance and in terms of completion factor and those will
reduce cancellation or delays and mis-connected customers. I think there are
scheduling opportunities that we can take a look at to make sure that we
optimize our schedule for efficiency and making sure that we have redundancies
where we need them and that's a process that we are really finally getting
started in earnest, as well. So we will start with a better schedule and we
will have more tools out there.

Now when things do go wrong with either mishandled baggage
or passengers mis-connected or disrupted because of weather or whatever, we
don't have the tools today. But fortunately we've invested in automation that
will help us, again, reunite customers with baggage and then also getting
customers back on the way. So on those fronts today we don't have a dynamic
re-accommodation tool for our customers where they can go directly to the web
or mobile to be able to get on new itinerary.

That's something that we will be incrementally rolling out
over the next year and a half. There are new notification tools for customers
in order to let them know what's going on with their trip and with bags that we
will be rolling out over the course of the next 12 months, which is fantastic.
And so whether it's baggage, whether it's on-time performance, whether it's the
whole overall experience we are going to be doing a better job and, again, I
think most of these things are upside for us that some others in the industry
already have in position.

DAVID KOENIG: Okay, thanks.

DOUG PARKER: I don't think we've ever done this before, but
we are running out of time. One of the things we like to do at American, at
certainly the new American is same day we announce earnings we go have a big
system-wide call with the all of our employees [that have been] calling in here
but what is going on the state of the airline with live downstairs with people
that are here, but also for people listening in. And that is due to start in 10
minutes.

We need to get downstairs. So apologies if we are cutting
anyone off. I think we have time for two more. So operator, two more please.

OPERATOR: Alana Wise, Reuters.

ALANA WISE, MEDIA, REUTERS: Hi, good morning, thanks so much
for taking our questions. I wanted to ask quickly about American's interest in
possibly [reworking] the joint venture with Qantas now that Trump is in office.
They told us yesterday that you currently reviewing the process of refiling the
paperwork and that they have been reviewing the implications on how to
cooperate on routes. So I'm just curious if this is something that American is
currently looking into?

STEVE JOHNSON: Hi, this is Steve. One of the reporters asked
that question a couple of minutes ago, and we answered it more fully. But I
will just say in the interest of time, yes, we do plan --

ALANA WISE: Apologies.

STEVE JOHNSON: No problem at all. We do plan to refile the
application with Qantas. It probably is a few weeks down the road just for the
reason that I mentioned before is that the new administration isn't in place
yet, but we are looking forward to doing that and having another opportunity to
make our case.

ALANA WISE: And as a quick follow-up, I'm curious about
Trump yesterday, the administration the other day saying that they are going to
implement a border tax and what American thoughts on that are?

STEVE JOHNSON: Well, I never like to talk about politics or
religion on earnings call. So I'm going to pass.

DOUG PARKER: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Edward Russell, Flightglobal.

EDWARD RUSSELL, MEDIA, FLIGHTGLOBAL: Hi, thank you for
taking my question today. What is the status of the JV with LatAm? I know
that's been pending for a while now.

STEVE JOHNSON: We filed that application --

DOUG PARKER: This is Steve again.

STEVE JOHNSON: Yes, Steve Johnson again. We filed that
application sometime early in 2016. We also filed similar applications in the
other countries that are relevant to the JV, most especially Chile and Brazil.

The United States application is not going to be acted upon
by the DOT until the Congress in Brazil ratifies the Open Skies treaty with the
United States. We don't know when that is going to occur, but you won't see
much action at the DOT until then.

And then we'd expect it's a complicated process and a pretty
significant joint venture. So I would expect it would be another nine to 12
months at least after that happens before we have an answer for you.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Understood. Great, thank you so much.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks everybody. Apologies if we didn't get to
your questions. Obviously, onto corporate communications and they will be happy
to get you responses or if it's investor questions call into Dan Cravens,
investor relations.

Thank you all very, very much for your interest. These are
exciting times for us at American.

We appreciate your interest in all that we have going on.
Talk you soon. Thanks, bye.

OPERATOR: That does conclude our conference for today. Thank
you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012717a7504792.792










 EXECUTIVES (93%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (88%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (83%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(70%);

COWEN GROUP INC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(56%);

ASSOCIATED PRESS (55%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (55%);

WALL STREET JOURNAL (55%);

AMERICAN AIRLINES INC (53%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); COWN (NASDAQ) (69%); MS (NYSE)
(57%); DEUT (JSE) (55%); DBK (FRA) (55%); DBK (BIT) (55%); DBETN (JSE) (55%);
DB (NYSE) (55%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 March 27, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
20, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 12544 words

Corporate Participants

* Daniel Cravens

. - Managing Director of IR

* Doug Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

* Derek Kerr

. - EVP & CFO

* Robert Isom

. - President

* Don Casey

. - SVP of Revenue Management

Conference Call Participants

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Michael Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Duane Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI - Analyst

* Jack Atkins

Stephens, Inc. - Analyst

* Julie Yates

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

Buckingham Research - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Andrew Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Andrea Ahles

Fort Worth Star-Telegram - Media

* Mary Schlangenstein

Bloomberg News - Analyst

* Edward Russell

Flightglobal - Media

* Conor Shine

Dallas Morning News - Media

* Ted Reed

The Street - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the American Airlines
Group third-quarter 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded.

(Operator Instructions)

Now I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go
ahead.

DANIEL CRAVENS, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the American
Airlines Group third-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining us on the
call today is Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Robert Isom, our President;
and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for a question
and answer session is Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People and Communications; Bev
Goulet, our Chief Integration Officer; Maya Leibman, Chief Information Officer;
Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs; and Don Casey, our Senior Vice
President of Revenue Management.

As is our normal practice, we're going to start the call with
Doug, and he will provide an overview of the third-quarter financial results.
Derek will then walk us through the details on the quarter, and provide some
additional information on our guidance for the remainder -- or for the fourth
quarter. Robert will then follow with commentary on the operational performance
and revenue environment. Then after we hear from those comments, we will open
the call for analyst questions and lastly, questions from the media.

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans,
and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as
to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual
results to differ from those projected. Information about some of those risks
and uncertainties can be found in earnings press release issued this morning,
and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as net profit and CASM, excluding unusual
items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is
included in the earnings press release that can be found on our website.

A webcast of this call will also be archived on our website.
The information that we're giving on the call is as of today's date, and we
undertake no obligation to update the information subsequently. Thanks again
for joining us this morning. At this point, I'd like to turn the call over to
our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

DOUG PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Dan, and thanks everyone for being on. We released earnings this
morning, as Dan said. Pretax earnings, excluding special items, of $1.5
billion, that's down from last year's $1.9 billion. That's generally bulked by
declining unit revenues -- our total TRASM and was down 2.2% versus last year
and increasing unit costs, driven primarily by investments in our team.

While they're down, they're still the second-best third
quarter in the history of American Airlines, behind only the third quarter
2015. Also, because of our share repurchase activity, our adjusted EPS was
actually up even though earnings were down, from $2.77 up to $2.80 in the
quarter. These results are due to the fantastic team at American, who do an
amazing job for our customers every day. We're truly grateful (inaudible) what
they do.

On the revenue front, Robert will provide a lot more
details, but we're encouraged by the trends. Our TRASM, as I said, was down
2.2% in the third quarter; but that's better than we have seen in terms of the
decline in recent quarters, and it's better than our competitors are
experiencing.

In fact, the month of September TRASM was actually improved
year over year, view which was the first month of year-over-year TRASM
improvement for American Airlines since November of 2014. Now of course
September was helped by the calendar on the year-over-year basis, which is why
we at American don't really like to focus much on monthly unit revenue numbers,
but the trend's good, and it appears to be continuing, as Robert will discuss.

Our unit costs grew in the quarter, and Derek will provide
more detail on that. But the primary driver of the unit cost increase is
decision to invest in our team. We have pay increases and profit-sharing that
are by far the largest drivers of the cost increase, and we're pleased to be
able to provide those improvements to our team members.

We've now reached new agreements with all of our work
groups, so the large increases are behind us. Furthermore, as we complete more
of our integration in 2017, we will be able to begin eliminating some of the
redundancies that still exist because of two airlines, and that will help us
reduce expenses in 2018 and beyond.

As to integration, we had enormous success earlier this
month with the flawless integration of our fight operating system with [VOS].
This is an extremely complicated system of integration that's led to
operational disruptions of other airlines as they've gone through mergers, but
our team executed it without a hitch.

While we're doing all that, we continue to invest in the
product and improve the product. We added 12 new aircraft as part of our
unprecedented fleet renewal program in port. American's fleet is now more than
40% younger than our large network peers, and that gap is widening. We added 10
new destinations to our network, including five to Cuba, and new service from
LAX to Hong Kong. Next month we'll begin daily flights to Havana, cementing our
position as the largest carrier to Cuba.

We continue to make enormous improvements to our clubs,
including in this quarter the re-opening of a renovated Admiral's Club in Rio
de Janeiro, and the refurbishment of our London Heathrow Arrivals Club, which
now has 29 shower rooms and a business center.

In summary, the US airline industry has been transformed,
and American Airlines is well-positioned for success in the New World. We're
producing record profits or near-record profits despite a soft economic
environment, and we're using those profits to improve customer service through
important investments in both our product and our team. We're returning the
excess cash to our shareholders through share repurchases.

Though there's much work ahead, the American team continues
to prove we are up to the challenge. We're extremely pleased with where we are,
and very bullish on the future of American Airlines.

Now I'd like to turn it over to Derek, who will provide more
details on the financial results, and then to our recently reported President,
Robert Isom, who will discuss operating performance and the revenue
environment. Derek?

DEREK KERR, EVP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP, INC.: All
right. Thanks Doug, and good morning, everyone. We have filed our 10-Q and
earnings press release this morning. In that release, our third-quarter 2016
GAAP net profit was $737 million, or $1.40 per diluted share. This compares to
our third quarter 2015 GAAP net profit of $1.7 billion, or $2.49 per diluted
share. If we exclude the special charges, we reported a net profit of $933
million in the third quarter 2016, or $1.76 per diluted share, versus the third
quarter net profit of $1.9 billion in 2015, or $2.77 per diluted share.

Our GAAP third quarter pretax profit was $1.2 billion,
equating to a pretax margin of 11.2%. Excluding special charges, our third
quarter pretax profit was $1.5 billion, which resulted in a pretax margin of
14%. Excluding the effects of special charges and the non-cash tax provision of
$449 million, our third quarter 2016 adjusted fully diluted EPS was $2.80 per
share, compared to $2.77 in the third quarter of 2015, reflecting a 22%
reduction in our fully diluted average share count during the quarter.

We continue to see sequential improvement in the revenue
environment during the quarter, which Robert will talk more about. For the
quarter, total operating revenues were $10.6 billion, down 1.1% year over year.
Passenger revenues were $9.1 billion, down 2.2%, driven by a 0.6% decline in
yields.

Cargo revenues were down 5.1% to $171 million, due primarily
to a decline in international and domestic yields. Other operating revenues
were $1.3 billion, up 8.5% versus the same period last year, due to the impact
of the new credit card deals signed with Barclays US, Citi, and MasterCard on
July 12, 2016.

Total GAAP operating expenses were $9.2 billion, up 5.2%
versus the same period last year. This increase was driven by investments in
our people through contractual increases and the introduction of profit-sharing
plan; investments in our product, investment which includes our fleet, as Doug
talked about; and investments in our operation.

These investments were offset in part by lower fuel costs.
Our average mainline fuel price, including taxes for the third quarter of 2016
was down 12.4% year over year to $1.46 per gallon.

Third quarter mainline cost per ASM was $0.1196, up 5.6%
year over year. Excluding special charges and fuel, our mainline CASM was
$0.0932, up 8.9% year over year. Regional operating cost per ASM in the third
quarter was $0.1885, which was down 5.2% from the quarter in 2015. Excluding
special charges and fuel, regional CASM was $0.1508, a decrease of 4.4%, due to
the continued shift to more efficient large, regional jets.

We ended the third quarter of 2016 with approximately $9.2
billion in total available liquidity, comprised of cash and investments of $6.8
billion, and $2.4 billion in an un-drawn revolver capacity, well in excess of
the $6.5 billion minimum liquidity we seek to maintain for the foreseeable
future. The Company also had $635 million classified as restricted cash during
the quarter.

We did generate $1.1 billion during the quarter of cash flow
from operations, and made $372 million in debt payments. We continue to believe
it is important to retain liquidity levels higher than our network peers, given
our overall leverage and the fact that we have not yet completed our fleet
renewal program, which will be substantially complete in 2017.

During the quarter the Company took advantage of favorable
market conditions, and completed several financing transactions, including a
re-pricing of the Company's 2014 term loan, collateralized by our London
Heathrow slots, which reduced interest by 25 basis points; and the issuance of
814 million WTC, consisting of both AA and A tranches, which priced at a
blended rate of just over 3%. In the third quarter of 2016, the Company
returned $669 million to its shareholders, including quarterly dividend
payments of $53 million and the re-purchase of $616 million of common stock, or
18.2 million shares. Since our capital return program started in mid-2014, the
Company has returned $9 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and
dividends.

Including share repurchases, shares withheld to cover taxes
associated with employee equity awards and share distributions, and the cash
extinguishment of convertible debt, our share count has dropped 31%, from 756
million at merger close in December 2013 to 519.2 million shares on September
30, 2016. At the end of the third quarter 2016, the Company had approximately
$555 million remaining on its current share repurchase authorization.

Turning to our guidance for the remainder of 2016, we
continue to monitor our capacity plans. In our IR update issued last week, we
lowered full-year 2016 system capacity guidance by 0.5 point, and are
forecasting it to be up approximately 1.5%. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we
expect our mainline capacity to be 57.5 billion ASMs, and our regional capacity
to be 7.84 billion ASMs. Our consolidated capacity will be flat year over year
in the fourth quarter.

On the cost side, we're forecasting year over year mainline
CASM excluding special items and fuel to be up approximately 5% to 7%, while
regional CASM, excluding special items and fuel, is projected to be down
approximately 3% to 5%. For the fourth quarter of 2016, we expect our mainline
CASM excluding fuel and special items to be up between 8% and 10%. This year-over-year
increase is driven primarily by investment in our people of about 6 points,
maintenance timing of 2 points, and D&A from new aircraft and increased
CapEx of one point. Regional CASM, excluding special items and fuel, is
expected to be down by approximately 3% to 5% in the same period.

As we look forward for the first time since mid-2014,
year-over-year fuel prices are expected to be higher through the remainder of
the year. Based on the forward curve as of October 17, our mainline fuel price
forecast for the fourth quarter of 2016 is $1.59 to $1.64 per gallon, while our
regional fuel forecast for the fourth quarter is $1.65 to $1.70. Despite these
higher fuel prices, we expect our full-year 2016 consolidated fuel expense to
decrease by approximately $1.2 billion year over year.

Using the mid-points of the guidance we just provided, along
with the revenue guidance that Robert will give, we expect our fourth-quarter
pretax margin excluding special items to be between 4% and 6%. For capital
expenditures, we still expect total gross CapEx to be approximately $4.4
billion in 2016. We have 20 deliveries worth approximately $1.1 billion which
will occur in the fourth quarter, and we expect to invest $300 million in
non-aircraft CapEx in the quarter, which is $1.2 billion for the full year,
which includes continued integration work, and investments to improve our
product and operations, some that Doug referred to in his comments.

Looking out to 2017, we are taking a disciplined approach to
matching our planned capacity levels with anticipated levels of demand. We are
still in the process of developing our operating plan, so our formal capacity
guidance will come out when we report fourth-quarter earnings; but we currently
expect our year-over-year system capacity to be up approximately 1% in 2017. We
expect full-year 2017 domestic capacity to be flat, while our international
capacity expected to be up approximately 3.5%. Our international growth is
driven primarily by our Pacific entity, as we annualized the new routes added
in 2016.

We will also know more about our 2017 unit cost projections
after we complete our operating plan; but as Doug noted, we now have the bulk
of our cost increases behind us. As we look to 2017, we expect the full-year
impact of our labor agreements will add approximately 2 points of CASM; but
otherwise our core CASM growth should be around 2% on a very modest 1% growth
in ASMs.

As Doug also noted, with the integration nearing completion
we will be able to begin the process of eliminating some redundancies in 2017,
which will help our unit costs in 2018 and beyond.

In conclusion, we couldn't be more proud of more than
100,000 team members who continue to deliver outstanding results. We continue
to make great progress integrating our airlines, most recently with our flight
operating system cut-over, and we've already seen some positive results. We are
also excited about the commercial initiatives our team is working on, and
looking forward to reporting on their continued success on future calls.

Thanks again for your time this morning. With that, I will
turn it over to Robert.

ROBERT ISOM, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP, INC.:
Thanks, Derek. Good morning to everyone. Appreciate that you're joining us. I'd
like to start out by thanking our 100,000 team members for their outstanding
work during the quarter.

I'd characterize this quarter as being one of operational
and commercial challenges, but I would like to underscore positively that we
have executed integration items exceptionally well. Despite all these
challenges, our team's commitment to taking care of our customers and each
other has never wavered.

Summer ops performance was challenging for both employees
and customers. The primary driver was inclement weather that seemed to settle
over a number of our hubs throughout the summer, most notably Dallas, or DFW.

In addition, we struggled to operate our expanded Los
Angeles schedule reliably, primarily due to airport and facility constraints.
We're working with LAWA so that we will be better able to meet our customers'
demands to fly American from Los Angeles going forward.

I'm happy to report that our reliability has rebounded to
new record levels across our system in September as a result of number of
factors. Those trends have continued well into October, and we expect that they
will continue. Again, I appreciate the efforts of our front-line team to take
care for customers throughout the summer, and especially and most recently,
during hurricane Matthew.

We have successfully completed some major integration
milestones over the past few months, including a single flight operating system
for our pilots, dispatch, and aircraft. I'm so appreciative of our 15,000
pilot, the APA, our IT and flight ops teams for their efforts to ensure a
seamless cut-over.

We've also put new uniforms on all of our employees. We have
interim agreements with our fleet service and mechanic work groups, tentative
agreements now with our flight crew training instructors and SIM engineers.
Once these tentative agreements have been ratified, all American team members
will be benefiting from pay increases that resulted from our merger. So much of
what we're striving to accomplish going forward would be difficult to address
without having the integration work completed, and completed well.

As we start to think about our plans for next year, there's
good reason to believe that American will improve versus the industry in
operations performance. We're taking a fresh look at how we schedule our
aircraft for reliability. Our 777 200 reconfigurations will be completed by
December 2017.

Our 787 fleet has reached a critical mass, allowing for
easier recovery from off-schedule ops. With a single flight operating system,
our aircraft and pilots can now be used interchangeably, instead of being
managed as separate entities. We're also making big investments in service
recovery, and customer notification tools for passengers and employees that
will continue to roll out next year.

On the revenue front, our third-quarter TRASM was down 2.2%.
While the revenue environment is still challenging in certain areas of the
world, we have observed improvements in many places. The third quarter was much
better than the second quarter, so we continue to see improving trends.

As Doug noted, in September we had positive year-over-year
TRASM and PRASM, and that's the first time this has occurred since November of
2014. We're seeing improving trends in cargo, as well. September marked the
first time since December 2014 that our monthly year-over-year cargo revenue
has improved.

Domestically, consolidated PRASM was down 1.8%. This was our
best result since the first quarter of 2015. We saw strength across the board,
with all hubs having second-derivative improvements. Los Angeles and DCA were
top performers year over year.

Internationally, we have lapped the dollar strengthening
last year, as well as declining international surcharges. Latin was our first
entity to turn positive, with PRASM up 1.8% for the quarter, driven by a 25%
year-over-year improvement in Brazil PRASM, as capacity rationalized and the
real strengthened. In addition, there was continued strength in Mexico.

The Atlantic was our worst-performing international entity,
down 11.2%. The main drivers of performance are continued capacity increases,
specifically from low-cost carriers; the devaluation of the British pound as a
result of the Brexit vote, and lingering impacts from recent terrorist attacks.

Across the Pacific, PRASM was down 10.5% on capacity
increases of 28.7%, with continued weakness in China due to excess capacity,
and growing into our new services from Los Angeles to Hong Kong, [Panata],
Sydney, and Auckland. We're pleased to see corporate passenger demand holding
up, driven by our domestic entity. In the third quarter we saw increases in
both absolute revenue and revenue share, and we see similar trends developing
in the fourth quarter.

Looking forward, we see some choppiness in the fourth
quarter due to holiday shifts, with September and January benefiting from
traffic shifting from October and December. We expect November to be the
strongest month of the quarter versus 2015.

Regionally, the domestic fourth quarter looks about the same
as the third-quarter due to holiday shifts. In Latin America, we expect
continued sequential improvement, and low-single-digit increases in PRASM. We
expect the Pacific and Atlantic to remain challenging, with low-double-digit
year-over-year PRASM declines. With that, we expect our fourth quarter TRASM --
not PRASM, but total RASM -- to be down 1% to 3% year over year.

We expected our fourth-quarter decline to be smaller than
our third-quarter decline, despite a more difficult fourth quarter
year-over-year comparison. As we look forward to 2017, we expect continued
second-derivative improvement in year-over-year TRASM performance, and look
forward to getting to positive TRASM in the first half of the year.

In conclusion, it's an exciting time to be at American
Airlines. We've made a tremendous amount of progress over this past year with
respect to integration, operational improvement, and getting back on path to
positive TRASM. All of these important steps are critical to restoring American
Airlines to its rightful industry-leading position. We have a lot of work left
to do, but we're confident we have the right plans, the right team in place to
execute, and we look forward to reporting back on future successes.

With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the
operator and begin the question-and-answer session.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

ROBERT ISOM: Hi, Joseph.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Hi. Robert, just a
question on the decision to cut some capacity out of fourth quarter. How much
of that was planned, versus related to some of the operational challenges
you're having at LA? Was that decision seen as an EPS-accretive action, or is
that just driven by a focus on improving RASM?

ROBERT ISOM: Thanks, Joe I appreciate the question. The
capacity that we are planning for the fourth quarter is really a result of all
plans. There's not much that we would say is attributable to anything
operationally.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. Then was that -- was the idea to
reduce capacity relative to the prior plan just designed to improve RASM, or
was that seen as also beneficial to earnings? I'm just trying to understand the
pressure put on CASM. Are you expecting a better increase on the RASM side?

ROBERT ISOM: Look, the capacity we have out there we think
best meets demand. Ultimately, we think that's margin accretive We think we
have the right schedule out there for the flying that we can do.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. Derek, you mentioned again that you're
caring some excess liquidity as you get through this CapEx bubble that wraps up
next year. What's normal liquidity for you guys look like once you get through
that?

DEREK KERR: I think as we've said, we can go down -- our
minimum number is going to be about $6.5 billion. We do have some things coming
up in 2018 with the pension payments. We have about a $1.4 billion pension
payment in 2018, as we start going forward.

We need to look out all the way through that time period to
make sure that we have cash levels at that point. We're very confident where
we're at today and where our levels are at today. I think we can take it down a
little bit from here, but I want to make sure that we get through all of the
aircraft purchases next year. Then I think it gets into the -- as we said, $6.5
billion is our minimum that we feel we can go down to, and we're significantly
above that today. We have opportunities to continue to return cash to our
shareholders.

DOUG PARKER: This is Doug. Just to add on, Derek just said a
minimum. I don't think it'll go below that. It's a target, and we would like to
keep -- we think it's a safe amount, a good bit more than our competitors.
That's what we do rather than in exchange for having some higher leverage. The
way we protect ourselves is making sure we have a lot more cash than anybody
else does. We have target cash balance of $6.5 billion. We're higher than that
now. We're investing heavily in the airline and in our people. We'll continue
to do so. We're investing for the future. To the extent we continue to be well
above that number, we consider that excess cash, and return it to our
shareholders.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Thanks, good morning.
This is a question for Don Casey. Don, I'm going to ask you a very generic
question, just because I want to hear you talk (laughter). Feel free to go
anywhere with this, but I'll just say, can you tell us what you saw on the
domestic yield environment as the quarter progressed? Maybe you want to spend a
minute or two talking about Dallas, now that we're lapping the Wright
Amendment. What's happening in that market? I'll tell you what, I'll leave it
at that. Talk about Dallas and overall optimistic yields, thanks.

DON CASEY, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP, INC.: On the domestic front, as we went through the quarter we saw
improving near-term yield. Yields start to improve across the domestic business
starting in August. From a RASM perspective, we saw improved year-end RASM
build going back to April. As for Dallas in particular, in August it was the
last tranche of the Southwest expansion for Dallas. When we look at the Dallas
performance right now, it's really in line with performance across the rest of
the system.

HUNTER KEAY: Good, thanks. A little more on debt, Derek.
Scott said he didn't believe in artificial debt targets. Your stock has been
doing nicely. Your RASM is getting better. At a certain point here, people are
going to start moving away from it if you're not, I think, perceived to be
taking a more assertive approach on your balance sheet. Again, the next three
to six months as RASM gets better, that's fine. But you're running the risk of
people transitioning to more quality stocks in the space, if you will, if
you're not taking an assertive approach on debt.

Maybe talk about -- rather than just talking about
liquidity, let's talk about debt holistically. Is there any thought to
providing -- making a slide that shows where you want to be on debt targets
over the next two, three, four years? It works for Delta, and I think it's a
nice story to tell for some of the incremental long-onlies that might be a
little put off as everybody's RASM gets better mid-point of next year? Thanks.

DOUG PARKER: Let me start. This is Doug, and then Derek can
provide details. First off, I would just -- frankly, we don't agree with the
premise. Shareholders can make their own decisions, obviously, based upon what
we do. But our view is the best thing for our shareholders is to ensure that we
have sufficient amount of liquidity to withstand any sort of down-turn, but the
cost of getting to or worrying about credit ratings is in a basis where we're
borrowing against aircraft at 3%. It doesn't necessarily -- actually doesn't
seem to be -- that goal in and of itself doesn't seem to be in our
shareholders' best interest. Somewhat surprised with shareholder -- with people
like you with push-back on this. At least hear us out, because we think we're
doing what's best for shareholders.

At the end of the day, we're producing -- we are producing
profits at levels this industry has never seen before, but consistent with what
other industries do. We're very bullish on our ability to continue doing that
over time. As we do so, the first thing we do is invest back in our Company.
This Company needs a good bit of investment. We're investing at levels that no
airline has ever invested before. The aircraft modernization I talked about has
us now at aircraft levels that are at age levels that are well below our
competitors, something like 10 years and falling for us, and 16, 17 years and
increasing for them.

Investing on top of that, something that Derek said, $1.5
billion next year on improvements in the airline. Those are good investments,
and we're excited about those. Those will provide returns for our shareholders.
Those are long-lived assets. We're not off spending it on ancillary businesses
or trying to do something we're not. We're doing what we think is right and we
feel very good about that investment and that return for shareholders.

Once we do that, then we look to make sure we've paid down
on any high-cost debt. We've done that. Derek and his team have done a
phenomenal job of getting to while we have a larger amount of debt on the
balance sheet than our peers, the cost of that debt is low.

As we look to each -- the incremental decision, by the way,
comes down to that. We're adding airplanes as we do this modernization. Should
we use some of our cash balance to pay for those aircraft, or should we avail
ourselves of 3% debt. We think the best thing for our shareholders is to avail
ourselves of the 3% debt. That leases us cash balances that are in excess of
the target. We think the right thing to do with that is to return it to our
shareholders. But the way we protect ourselves is having a much higher
liquidity balance than others. That's the cost of it, but it's a much less
costly thing than paying -- than not availing yourself of low-cost debt.

The other point I would make is even if we did those things,
even if we started paying cash for aircraft, we would still have higher debt,
because we have better assets. When you have airplanes that are nine years old
versus somebody else with 17 years old, you're going to have higher debt,
because you have much better assets, and they're going to be here for a long
time, as our we. That's why we're doing this.

At any rate, we believe we're in the right spot. We're very
comfortable with our leverage. We're very comfortable with the balance sheet,
and we're doing the right thing for our shareholders.

HUNTER KEAY: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Hi, good morning, everybody.
Doug, your pre-tax margins are now the lowest in the business, dropping below
those of United for the first time in a long time. Do you expect to remain the
worst in the business?

DOUG PARKER: That's seasonal. They do better in the third
quarter than we do. No, is the answer. I expect what you'll see in 2017 is us
do better than our competitors in terms of certainly year-over-year margins.
You're seeing it already in the RASM. That will continue into 2017. You'll see
on the cost front, as Derek noted, the reason the margins declined even though
we're having better RASM right now of course is because our CASM's up more.

That's because we've gone and take care of our people
faster, and gotten ourselves to a point where we have in every work group, less
than three years since the merger, we now have everyone on new pay scales that
reflect the job they're doing for us. That's increased our cost by a good bit.
They were well below. We had to do that. We're happy we did that. Our
shareholders should be happy we did that, but it's behind us now.

We have one of those that was done mid-year, which is the
TWIM, as Derek talked about, so that will have a year-over-year impact, but
it's in the current cost structure. Beyond that, we don't see any other cost
increase, certainly over and above inflationary rates in the airline. I think
what you'll see as we go through 2017 is better revenue per ASM improvement on
a year-over-year basis, and better cost performance, as well.

JAMIE BAKER: Okay, I appreciate it. Robert, I continue to
purchase the absolute lowest fares that American tends to publish, because I
can. As I noted on Delta's call, I am prohibited from doing so when flying them
because economy basic is walled off. Can you give us an update on the timing
and any potential earnings magnitude that you would associate with the rolling
out a similar ULCC matching de-contented product, however you refer to it
internally?

ROBERT ISOM: Thanks, Jamie. With basic economy, as you know,
we've been working on it for some time, and we're on track. We're prepared to
launch at the end of this year. Right now, our game plan is going to be to hold
off on that and to go to start to roll out in January. This comes a little bit
from my operations background. I want to avoid the holidays and disruption to
our folks. We're on track and ready to go. But any details on that are going to
have to wait until we roll out. We're not at this time making any projections
on revenue performance associated with the product.

JAMIE BAKER: In light of the no answer, can I just ask the
inevitable question? If you aggregate November, December, and January on a
domestic basis, will RASM be positive or negative?

DON CASEY: This is Don. I will answer that.

JAMIE BAKER: Hi, Don.

DON CASEY: When we looked at the entire system -- not just
domestic, but looked at the entire system from November through January -- we
would expect our overall TRASM performance to be flat to slightly positive.

JAMIE BAKER: Excellent. Thank you, everybody.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Hi, thanks for the
time. First question -- just in terms of the guide for 4Q, how conservative is
it, just given what we saw the last quarter? What are you assuming on the close
inside, and than any other assumptions that you can share with us would be
great?

DON CASEY: This is Don again. When we do the forecast, we
try and pick the mid-point, and we did that again this quarter.

DOUG PARKER: I would just point out that is improvement. If
we had 2.2% TRASM in the third quarter, and we're giving you a 1% to 3%, and
Don's saying the mid-point we felt was 2% then, that's improvement, slight
improvement of course. The fact is the fourth-quarter year-over-year comp is
harder than the third-quarter year-over-year comp because of all these calendar
issues we keep talking about. Having even the same performance third quarter to
fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis is improvement. We believe our
forecast highlights an improving trend, which is what we're experiencing.

DON CASEY: I will add that due to the holiday shift,
specifically the Christmas holiday shift, we expect the impact of that on Q4
PRASM to be 1 point.

DOUG PARKER: That just moves into the first quarter next
year, correct?

DON CASEY: It just moves into the first quarter. At a
mid-point of 2, absent the holiday shift, that would be base business
improvement up 1 point.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Great, and then in terms of the capacity
growth for next year, can you talk about cadence through next year, and then
some color on the break-down by region? I think you provided some color on
Asia, but just looking at any of the other parts of the world? Then also how
did you arrive at flat domestic growth next year? What's underpinning that?

DEREK KERR: Yes, this is Derek. I think we're going to have
to hold off on that until we get to the -- we're still working through it.
That's our projection right now as we're doing our plan. When we get on to the
fourth-quarter call, we will give regional and cadence by quarter. As of right
now, we just have a full-year number, and we're working through the plan. We'll
just have to wait until the next quarter for that.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay, maybe just one question. I think you
talked about growing a good amount in Asia. Can you maybe just highlight why
you're growing so much there, just given some of the PRASM figures we saw in
the release today?

ROBERT ISOM: The growth you see is really as a result of
additions that we've made this past year. As we take a look into the next year,
it's going to be growing into the services that we've put there. We think that
our network is well-suited to support those routes, and our customers demand
the service there. We look forward to serving the region in the long run, and
we're in the right cities.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Michael Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Hi, good morning,
everybody. A couple here. On the credit card deal with the MasterCard
exclusivity, Derek, I guess I missed that when the original press release came
out. I know you've had a really long-term relationship with VISA. Is there any
incremental benefit, or were the numbers that you gave us when that was
announced, does that also include moving over to MasterCard from VISA?

DEREK KERR: That concludes moving over to MasterCard.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Great. My second question for Bob, or
Robert, you talked about basic economy and rolling that out in early 2017. Can
you talk about the international premium economy, which I believe is actually
rolling out this week? How long is it going to take to ramp up across your
international system? What should we think about potential revenue upside from
putting this product out across your fleet? By the way, when do you get it
fully up and running?

ROBERT ISOM: For international premium economy, the great
news is that we're seeing it come out on our 787 900 deliveries, which is
fantastic news. As those ramp up, we'll have critical mass to start selling.
Right now you can buy into those seats, which is good news. As we get to the
point of being able to offer it consistently next year, we'll be able to start
selling the premium economy cabin.

DOUG PARKER: Mike, we are doing the modifications. We have
to go through on all of our wide-body aircraft, the ones that aren't delivered
with it. The brunt, the biggest portion of them will start coming in 2018. We
will have all of those aircraft going through mod in 2017. We will monetize
those seats through probably MCE, our main cabin extra product that we have
today until we get to the critical mass, and then we'll be able to put out,
roll out the premium economy. I think it's more of an 2018 impact than it is a
2017 impact, due to having to modify all of our wide-body aircraft for that
product.

DON CASEY: This is Don. I'll just add that we also -- we
have to create the infrastructure in SABRE to sell a fourth cabin. That's a big
IT project that is under way right now. We're expected to have that completed
in early next year. We'll start selling the fourth cabin in mid-February for
flights beginning -- the beginning of April.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: When we think about the magnitude, the
run rate on this, is this like $0.5 billion, $750 million type program when
it's up and running? Is that -- or am I just way out of the ball park on that?

DOUG PARKER: I don't know Mike that we've given those
numbers, but it's hundreds of millions of dollars. I think we're quite
comfortable saying that. It's a great product for our customers, in addition.
Frankly, the way we saw this was being able to look at our partner's
information, BA doing similar flying as we are across the Atlantic, and getting
higher RASM because of this product. It helps in a number of ways. We're
excited about it. It certainly is a meaningful impact to our customers and to
our revenues.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Yes. No, I'm looking forward to it, as
well. Thanks, Doug.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Mike.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: Thank you,
operator. Hi, guys. Thank you for the time here. I have just a couple of
questions. The first is, do you have to make any changes in IT to accommodate
the rules the DOT issued yesterday, with respect to on-time performance
specifically?

DOUG PARKER: Perhaps. We don't know yet. If it is, it's not
material versus all the other stuff we have our IT group doing in terms of
integration otherwise. There may be something in there, but that's not a large
issue for us.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. My second question is, when you think
about your head count, I know you guys have talked about it being over-staffed
as you work through all the integration. As we look ahead to maybe 2018, and
there's -- I assume you're going to reduce through attrition, what's the
normalized level we should be thinking about?

DOUG PARKER: Let us work through and give you the numbers
over time. I'm not sure we know that number yet. What we know is we do indeed
have -- because we're still not fully integrated number -- a number of areas
around the Company where we have not just more people, but more resources than
we need in all sorts of areas. We will make sure we do it in a way that's -- as
quickly as we can, and also in a way that takes care of our employees.

It's really important to us. That's a big project for us
through 2017. I wouldn't expect it would be able to yield major cost savings in
2017, because we're still going to be running two airlines for a good part of
2017. But it's a big focus of the teams' efforts to move forward, is to be sure
that we are indeed endeavoring to make sure we don't get to one airline and
still have the infrastructure of two. We'll work through it. As we know more,
we'll let you know.

Know that it's not insignificant, or we wouldn't talk about
it. It's something that we think's going to be able to yield some nice cost
improvements, as it should. Part of why our costs are where they are right now
is because we're running two separate airlines in a lot of areas. We'll work
through that as we go through 2017.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, and the other question I had was in --
with the Atlantic and your joint venture with BA and Iberia and the other
carriers, have you been able to think through what the right level of capacity
is, given the huge increase in capacity from what I would call low fare and
other airlines on the North Atlantic this past summer, and what it's likely to
be next summer? Maybe too far away, but I'm sure you're giving it some thought.

DOUG PARKER: Let me try, and then Don can chime in if I'm
off. We have to be careful when talking about capacity, of course -- capacity
plans based upon others. What we know is while those other carriers are having
an impact, what we fly is incredible important to American Airlines, and don't
have any material plans to do anything other than what we're doing right now,
and plan to continue to do so. It's a huge part of our network, an important
part of our network, and important to our customers. The relationship with BA
and Iberia are very important ones. As capacity comes on from others, of course
yields fall and we work through those things. I don't expect you'll see us just
decide that we're the ones who should be looking to have our capacity go away.
Don?

DON CASEY: I'll just add, in the upcoming winter season,
we're actually reducing our capacity by 6%, so we are taking some action. Those
capacity reductions are focused on markets where we face some structural
challenges. But where we have partners, we continue to maintain our capacity
going forward.

HELANE BECKER: Great. Thank you for your help.

OPERATOR: Duane Pfennigwerth, Evercore ISI.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: Hi, good morning.
Nice to speak with you on a Thursday for a change. It's a good format. I just
wanted to follow up to actually where Joe started the conversation on capacity.
If we look at this year, I think you started out about 3%, and were finishing
up about 140 basis points below that. Could you quantify how much of that was
due to regional supply constraints? I wondered if you would be willing to get
specific on Republic's restructuring? What were the aircraft you expected to be
flying in the original plan that went away?

ROBERT ISOM: Duane, I think it would be hard for us to break
that out right now. But our reductions are really a result of not only a little
bit due to regional supportability due to pilot concerns, but also South
American concerns, and then just adjustment throughout the system. I think that
where we stand right now is where we need to be. We've got a fleet and a route
network that's meeting the demand that we think that's out there.

DOUG PARKER: Again, they're not reductions, of course. We're
still -- it's not increasing a rate that at one point in the future we forecast
we would be. It's not because of aircraft numbers. It's because of utilization
of aircraft, and we respond to demand. That's really what's going on here,
Duane, for the most part. We look out a few quarters and think where we may be
based on the aircraft we have and what we have coming, and then as we get
closer in and see what's happening with demand, we may make schedule changes.
That's what happened here.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. I may follow up with you on the --
I thought you had mentioned some impact from Republic previously, but I can
follow-up.

ROBERT ISOM: Duane, it's just the overall of the shortfall.
About 1/3 of that comes from total regional issues. Some of that is of course
Republic; some of it is issues associated with pilots to fly it, other partner
regionals, and our wholly owned, as well.

DEREK KERR: Joe, this is Derek. We did put in our Q that we
have reached agreement with Republic on a go-forward plan, which did take out
about 20, 25 aircraft out of the contract. We've reached that agreement with
them. Obviously they still have a process to go through to get out of
bankruptcy, but our deal moving forward has reduced aircraft, and we're in
pretty good shape where we're at with Republic.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay, that's great. Robert, I wanted to
ask you a question, old org structure versus new org structure. What were some
of the less-than-optimal aspects of getting a network plan from the other side
of the house, and then you having to deliver that from an operational
perspective? I guess more importantly, what are the implications of an engineer
-- and I mean that in a very flattering way -- of an engineer now owning both
the network plan and ops?

ROBERT ISOM: Duane, thanks. Look, our Company has been so
focused on integration, merger, huge initiatives, that the adjustments that
we've made in terms of work structure are really designed now that we're
getting past some of these major integration milestones to start looking at how
we can really optimize the running of the Company day to day. To do that, we
know that we've got to collaborate, and we all have to be focused on the same
goals. I think we've got a org structure and fantastic people running each of
the operating groups, and they're committed to doing that. Any difficulties
that we've had, I think we're just going to be more well-suited to collaborate,
communicate, and make sure that we're all aligned going forward.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. I think you answered half of that,
but I appreciate the time.

OPERATOR: Jack Atkins, Stephens.

JACK ATKINS, ANALYST, STEPHENS, INC.: Good morning, thanks
for the time. Following up on that last question for a moment, Robert, now that
you're in your new role, has the strategy at all changed with -- as far as the
competition with the ULCCs in your markets? As you look at your network today,
are there any specific items or projects now that you're in your new role that
you look to undertake over the next 12 months?

ROBERT ISOM: Thanks for the question. Look, I've been part
of this Management team since the get-go. In terms of how we go to market and
the strategies that we are intending to pursue, I feel like I've been part of
those. The direction that we're headed isn't going to change. We're going to be
incredibly competitive with all comers, especially in our hubs. You won't see
much of a change in terms of philosophy as we go to the market place and
compete.

In terms of going forward, there's things we want to do, we
want to certainly excel at. One of them is running a fantastic airline, one
that is best in the business on all levels. That's operational as well as
revenue performance, and certainly from the perspective of meeting customers'
expectations. That's going to require that we really engage all of our people
in a way that we haven't before. I do view going forward that one of the
primary points of emphasis that we're going to make is involving all of our
people, and making sure that they are equipped and well-trained, and treated in
a fashion where they help us out-perform the industry.

There's a lot of other things that we have going on.
Certainly we want to make sure that we have all of our forward-looking
strategies with alliances, alliance partners, our network in the best fashion.
But it all leads to the same place, which is having the best networks, the best
people, and the best product for our customers.

JACK ATKINS: Okay, great.

DOUG PARKER: Hi Jack, it's Doug. That was a great answer by
Robert, but also I just want to chime in a little bit on the specifically on
the ULCC piece you mentioned. As Robert said, there's absolutely no change. We
need -- we have to compete aggressively on price against carriers like that.
When they come, when they add flights to our hubs we actually have a
competitive advantage, because we have so much connecting activity.

The one game-changer -- maybe a big stretch of the word --
but actually, certainly an improvement in how we can do that and still not --
and still be as good for American Airlines as it can be is basic economy. That
product, when we have it in place, will allow us to do just that; but not have
the same amount of dilution we have to American Airlines. The impact to the
Spirits and the Frontiers will be the same. We would aggressively manage their
prices. As we put that product in place, it will have some attributes that some
of our customers would rather don't care to purchase, or are willing to
purchase other attributes for more.

Right now, as we match, it pretty much -- we're not able to
do that. That will allow us to do what we're doing today, continue to do what
we're doing today, which is as Robert said is what we're going to do, but also
do it in a way that allows us to provide another -- more utility to our
customers, and gives them a product, in addition to the one that's at the absolute
lowest fare.

JACK ATKINS: Okay, great. Thank you, Doug and Robert. As a
follow-up question, it seems as though with whether it's cabin segmentation or
international revenue opportunities or reducing redundancies in the
organization over the next couple of years, there's a huge revenue cost
opportunity at American, which should drive significant (inaudible)
profitability. I'm curious, as you guys think about how to communicate that
going forward, is there going to be maybe an opportunity for us to get from you
guys detailed financial targets long term? I think that would really help folks
understand the earnings power here.

DOUG PARKER: Okay, thanks of the comment. We'll take it
under advisement. Look, I understand the value that could provide. Just know
that I've been doing this way too long. I'm often reluctant to do -- it depends
on how we define the target -- but what I don't like doing is suggesting that
we can protect the future of this business. It is incredibly volatile. It will
be volatile. I think it will be profitable. I think it's dramatically change,
but the volatility doesn't change.

We sometimes are less comfortable than others trying to set
things like margins, margin targets, when we know that some things that affect
those margins are outside our control -- primarily the economy and fuel prices.
I will tell you this. We couldn't feel better about American Airlines' future
and its financial future. I also will tell you that based on what we think
about the future, we're extremely bullish on the American stock, which is why
we continue to purchase at the levels we do.

As we look out, targets or no targets, our projections even
in difficult economic environments have this Company being nice and profitable,
and it doesn't feel like our stock reflects that. We're happy to give you that
guidance, and let you go do your numbers. What we do, the way we manage the
Company, is make sure we're optimizing for the long term.

We're doing all those things, but we are remiss to try and
tell you that when we add those up, here's what it looks like to us and
therefore here's what we will produce, because we know there's a lot of
volatility in what we're able to produce. Our job is just to make sure we can
manage around that volatility. We can. We're excited about that. We'll work to
see if we can give you some more guidance than we have in the past about longer
term, but just understand that's our concern.

JACK ATKINS: Okay, great. Thanks again for the time.

OPERATOR: Julie Yates, Credit Suisse.

JULIE YATES, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Derek, can you talk
about the opportunities on the cost side, now that the integration is largely
behind you? We've seen structural cost-reduction programs a few years after the
other mergers. When do you think American could announce something similar, and
where more specifically are some of the opportunities?

DEREK KERR: I think as we talked about on the call, we're
going to be going through 2017 from a -- we have talked about having excess
head count in certain areas, just duplication of work just because we're
running two different airlines. That's the primary area that we'll work on as
we move forward. As we said on the call, I think we're going to look at that
stuff starting in 2017, and it will start to affect us in 2018.

I think what we want to do is we're going to go through the
budget in 2017. We're going to see where everything is, and then try to work
with each one of the teams to figure out how we take that out over the time
period into 2018. I think it's more, as we've talked about, an 2018 issue than
it is a 2017 issue -- mostly in just inefficiencies of trying to run two
different airlines, all throughout the Company. It's not just one point. It's
all throughout the Company, as we've tried to get ourselves where we want to be
from an airline and running the best airline we can.

JULIE YATES: Okay, and then just a question on capacity in
Latin America. You guys have obviously taken a lot of capacity out. You're
certainly seeing the benefits of that today. How are you thinking about
resuming growth now that the entity has turned? Are you worried about latent
capacity coming back in next year?

ROBERT ISOM: Hi, Julie, it's Robert. For us it's a
wait-and-see. We're pleased with the signs of some growth, and we're going to
hold on to that for a while and see where things go.

JULIE YATES: Okay, and one final one. Robert, when would you
expect the transatlantic PRASM trends to flatten out?

ROBERT ISOM: I'm going to ask Don to --

DON CASEY: Okay, so it's Don again. We do not see it in the
foreseeable future. Capacity in the first quarter, industry capacity is going
to be up 7%, and we don't see signs of that abating. Until that abates, it's
going to be hard to see a positive trajectory in the Atlantic.

JULIE YATES: Okay, thanks very much.

DOUG PARKER: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH: Hi, good
morning, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. This will be for Robert or Don.
Does the revenue guide factor in the potential loss of a coach here with
Alaskan? How material could that impact be if it's lost?

DON CASEY: The revenue guide does not, and I don't think if
we did it would change. It wouldn't be a material impact to the guidance.

DAN MCKENZIE: Okay. Then Doug or Derek, my question was on
debt, as well. We all know absolute debt levels are higher than they've been
historically, but with respect to the underlying business, I'm wondering if you
could just help investors understand the leverage metrics relative to where they've
been historically, maybe on an American stand-alone basis, so leverage metrics
today, relative to some average over some period of time that make sense. As
you look at those metrics and as you feel comfortable about those metrics, is
it that you expect profits to continue growing faster than the debt? I wonder
if you could just help us understand what do those metrics look like under your
stress test?

DOUG PARKER: Sure. Thanks for bringing me back to it, I know
when I said we're comfortable, what I meant was we're comfortable with where it
is at this time. Because looking into the future, what we expected is you'll
see those metrics continue to improve. I wasn't trying to suggest we're
comfortable keeping them exactly where they are, although we may be.

The reason we're comfortable with them at this time is
because of what you. We have very good line of sight as to what our capital
requirements are going forward. We have a very -- we feel good about our --
certainly even in different academic times, stress testing against things like
recessions, about what our earnings would do as we go forward. That gives us
comfort that we are in a good spot right now, and when things come up like 3%
interest it seems to be an absolute no-brainer to us that the right thing to do
is to take those -- that debt on, rather than using cash to pay airplanes, and
to use that cash for better purposes. That's what we're comfortable about.

What happens over time, I would expect -- again, without
getting into targets -- is you will see certainly the metrics that are tied.
Coverage ratios, for example that tie earnings to debt levels, you would see
those get better over time. Earnings continue to get better, and as earnings
gets better and the debt gets lower, we are also, I should note, while we're
well ahead of everyone in terms of modernizing our fleet, there will come a
time that we've gotten that done in the not-too-distant future, and you won't
see the debt continue to come on at these levels. As debt gets lower over time
and earnings continue and EBITDAR margins, et cetera, stay where they are,
you'll see those numbers get better. That's why we're comfortable with where we
are today.

We're comfortable with where we are today because of the
reasons I said, and believe we have the right structure in place. As insurance,
we carry a lot more cash than others, but we think that's a better way to do
this for our shareholders than to go and pay cash for airplanes, rather than
take a 3% debt.

DAN MCKENZIE: Thanks for the time.

OPERATOR: Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS SECURITIES, LLC: Thanks for
the time. Just to follow up on some of your comments around aircraft age, I
know you inherited a significant majority of your order book from your
predecessor, but is the longer-term plan to maintain the same relative age
advantage over your competitors that you have today, because I think doing so
would imply a much different longer-term CapEx profile than allowing the fleet
age to mean revert.

DOUG PARKER: Aircraft age is not a metric that we look at to
measure versus our competitors. I'm just pointing out where it is. But we don't
have a goal to say we need to be below the others in aircraft age. But it's
noteworthy, particularly when we get to conversations about relative debt
levels, to point out how much stronger our asset base is, is my only point. The
best way for me to communicate that to you is to point out how much younger our
fleet is.

Look, it is absolutely a customer advantage. When you get on
one of our new airplanes verses one of our older airplanes there is no doubt
that it is a much better in-flight product, and you can tell the difference. We
feel good about that. But you're right, the orders were in place and they're
coming, and we're taking them.

The bigger point I'm trying to make here is these are -- if
you look in the very near term, you may say oh my gosh, these guys, they have
all this debt. These are 25-year assets. Those airlines that have 17-year-old
airplanes won't be able to have 42-year-old airplanes 25 years from now. At
some point -- my point is we're ahead of them. I'm not suggesting they need to
go spend enormous amounts of capital in the very near term. But they will need
to do something, and we won't have to at that point in time. That's the way this
works.

At any rate, our goal isn't to make sure we have the
absolute youngest. It's nice when you're in that position. But to the extent
you want to look at relative debt levels, you need to look at the asset base.
Our asset base is just worth tremendously more than theirs are.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Great, thanks for that. I could just ask
you on -- or maybe Robert, whoever wants to comment -- can you give us some
sense of how your view on your Phoenix hub is evolving, given your recent I'll
say emphasis on Los Angeles and the existing presence in Dallas?

ROBERT ISOM: Thanks, Darryl, appreciate it. Phoenix hub does
well for us. It serves the same purpose that we viewed it as over since the
start of the merger, and it's a great connecting hub. It's got a growing metro
area, and it's serving our network very well.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Great, thank you.

DOUG PARKER: LA is different. LA is the largest
international gateway that we feed, and are looking to expand; but they are
complementary, not competitive.

OPERATOR: Andrew Didora, Bank of America.

ANDREW DIDORA, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Hi, good
morning, everyone. One question for Robert. When I look at your on-time
performance stats, they really start to lag both your network peers, starting
about six months ago or so. Is there a reason for this? Is anything going on
with the integration that would have caused this? I can't imagine that it's all
the LA issues that you mentioned in your prepared remarks. I know you mentioned
solid corporate share earlier, but have you heard anything from your corporate
customers on this performance? Thanks.

ROBERT ISOM: The answer in terms of corporate customers, the
answer is no, we haven't heard anything. We're performing very well, as I said
in my remarks with our corporate business.

In terms of the summer and the fall-off, that's really where
I look at things. As associated with the schedule, I think we quite frankly, we
were pretty aggressive in terms of the schedule we put out this summer. We had
issues in Los Angeles. We definitely had I think an inordinate amount of
weather issues associated with DFW, and then Charlotte and Miami, and that was
problematic. It seemed like we were in a recovery phases a lot during the
summer.

As I said before, we have a lot of integration tools that we
didn't have that we will have in the future. That is on building the airline
back after disruption, and making sure our customers and their baggage is taken
care of. One of the things you'll note though is that we continue to be really
strong in terms of our departing on time performance, the (inaudible)
performance. That's something that we'll continue to see. I think that will
translate into more competitive arrivals within 14 performance. You'll see as
well that our completion factor, as we move from operating two systems and
really three systems in regard to our pilots down to one, that we've got a
chance to do much better.

I'm very optimistic of where we're headed. If you take a
look at where we're at right now, schedule reduction associated with the fall
season, with changes to our Los Angeles operation, we're operating back at near
record levels, and that should continue. Again, as I said before, all efforts
are focused on making sure we work together to put out a schedule in 2017 that
we can operate reliably and competitively with the best in the business.

ANDREW DIDORA: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: That ends the analyst questions. We will now take
questions from the media.

(Operator Instructions)

Andrea Ahles, Fort Worth Star-Telegram.

DOUG PARKER: Hello, Andrea.

ANDREA AHLES, MEDIA, FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM: Hello, good
morning. I would like to follow up a little bit on Helane Becker's question
regarding the possibility of reducing head count and how that might be done in
2017. Are you looking at actually doing any layoffs or reductions in force,
particularly at headquarters where you may have overlapping functions as you
operate, as you go from operating two airlines down into. Can you give a little
more color detail on that?

DOUG PARKER: Sure, absolutely not. I'm glad you asked if we
made it sound that way. We have in pockets of the airline in different groups,
we will have -- we have because we're running two airlines, people that are --
where we have more people that we don't need and we get down to one. But we
will manage that over time through attrition, through, if it's a labor group
early outs, whatever works for our people to make sure we do that. We don't
have any intention or do we care to go through like you describe. We'll do this
in a way that works for our team.

ANDREA AHLES: All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: Mary Schlangenstein, Bloomberg News

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN, ANALYST, BLOOMBERG NEWS: Hi, I want to
follow up on Andrea's question. Do you guys have some sense of the number of
positions that you're talking about that you have redundancy across your work
force?

DOUG PARKER: Nothing we can talk about yet. Again, this is
more of a beyond 2017 initiative. We're going to do the work through 2017. We
still do have two airlines. Doesn't look that way to our customers, we know.
But we still have two fleets we need to keep separately so the flights aren't
integrated. While we have that going on, we can't do any of this work. We'll
endeavor through 2017 to figure out where it is. As we know more we will let
people know more, but the good news in this is we have regular attrition rates.
We have ways -- we have people who look to retire early. We'll work through
those things as it becomes an issue. Right now the reason we mention it is
simply because it's important to the analyst community to understand that will
be something that comes beyond 2017.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: You will only consider things like
early retirement, buy-outs, no involuntary furloughs? That's what you're
saying?

DOUG PARKER: Yes, as we sit here today, May, that's what I
think. That's correct. Conditions could change. Also, I don't want to make this
sound like some enormous number of people. We have pockets of people throughout
the organization, as I said, and we'll work through to make sure this works out
for those who are either looking to leave or want to leave on their own, as
they -- as we have natural attrition, we just won't replace them. This is
nothing about furloughs and layoffs. It's all about the fact that as you move
from two airlines to truly one airline, we'll be able to get some cost
efficiencies.

OPERATOR: Edward Russell, Flightglobal.

EDWARD RUSSELL, MEDIA, FLIGHTGLOBAL: Hi, thank you for
taking my question. I wanted to ask a bit more about the premium economy roll-out
on the rest of the wide body fleet. You outlined a target of getting it done in
2017, yet I wanted to -- with the business class roll-out, that ended up being
delayed. How do you plan to achieve the roll-out in 2017?

ROBERT ISOM: Edward, the premium economy is eventually going
to go on our A330-200 fleet, the 777-200s, 777-300, and then our 787 fleet. As
we said, 787 nines are starting now, and as Don mentioned, we should have for
sale in terms of a different class of service next year. But the reconfigurations
are going to take place over the course of the next really 18 months, 24
months. We're not going to be ready along all those fleets until June of 2018.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay, got it, thank you. How many, roughly,
how many do you forecast the reduction the number of economy seats on these
aircraft as you make the modifications, or are they going to -- this is an
install issue, and is it going to be a neutral?

ROBERT ISOM: I think we're talking about a row, generally.
That will vary on different aircraft types, but it should be about the way it
rolls out.

EDWARD RUSSELL: About a row. Okay, as econo. Thank you very
much.

OPERATOR: Conor Shine, Dallas Morning News.

CONOR SHINE, MEDIA, DALLAS MORNING NEWS: Thanks for taking
the question. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the
improving TRASM trend. What are the factors that are driving that improvement?
Is it just the reduction in capacity growth going forward, or are there other
elements to that?

DOUG PARKER: Don, do you want to take it?

DON CASEY: Yes, sure. There's two areas that really driving
the growth. One is Latin America. Latin America, both Brazil where we've seen
25% increase in revenue year over year. Mexico is performing strongly. We've
had positive revenue growth in Mexico. Venezuela is contributing to overall
unit revenue growth, as well.

Domestic business, the trend there really has been positive.
As I mentioned earlier, we have seen close-in yield strength. We've also seen a
stabilized pricing environment that's been pretty tumultuous this year. But as
of kind of late July, it kind of evened out. When we look at the domestic
business from an O&D perspective, we're seeing the best and strongest yield
performance in connecting and flow markets in domestic business, which ties a
little bit back to my earlier comments on pricing. Also, we're seeing the
benefits now of the credit card deal that we did in the second quarter, as
well.

CONOR SHINE: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Ted Reed, The Street

TED REED, MEDIA, THE STREET: Thank you. I had a couple of
questions about Latin America, some just answered. Are these gains in Latin
America -- are they sustainable? How much of an edge do they give you over your
competitors with less presence in Latin America? Also, when are you going to be
able to make money in Cuba? Will this be a factor in improving PRASM in Latin
America, or will it be less valuable there?

DON CASEY: When we look at the -- this is Don, again. When
we look at the trends in Latin America, we would expect -- Brazil is a big
factor, obviously, on the overall result. We're expecting our performance in
Brazil in the fourth quarter to be better -- materially better than the
performance in the third quarter. We think our performance of Latin America
overall is going to continue to get better.

As for Cuba, I think everyone is struggling a little bit in
terms of selling in Cuba. There are a lot of restrictions that are still in
place that made it difficult to sell. Right now we're seeing the greatest
strength in terms of forward looking in the Havana markets, where we've had a
long presence with our charter operation, but I think Cuba is going to be a bit
of a long road, I think.

DOUG PARKER: We're in it for the long haul. This not
something we didn't expect. This is really a new market. At any rate, we're
excited to be the largest carrier there, and we're committed to Cuba and making
it work. We'll work through the start-up to get it to the point where
eventually we all expect it will be.

DON CASEY: Excited about the start-up of Havana on November
30.

TED REED: Quickly, I assume the vast majority of sales are
in the US in Miami?

DON CASEY: Yes, they are.

TED REED: All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's question-and-answer
session. At this time, I will turn the conference back over to Mr. Dan Cravens
for any additional or closing remarks.

DOUG PARKER: This is Doug, thanks everybody. Again, I --
look, the story to this from my perspective listening to all this is this team,
when we did this merger less than three years ago, the biggest questions we'd
get on this call was concerns about our ability to manage the integration. I
couldn't be more pleased with the work the team's done to get through
flawlessly things like PSS and just now FAS. That delay, sitting here, has
helped us. As a management experience, this is a full team effort, which is why
it's so hard. It takes cross-functional work while people are trying to
actually do their full jobs, to.

We're elated that that concern we've been able to take off
your list of concerns. That's important, but what it's more important about is
it shows what a great team we have here, and the things we can do. Now with
much of that work behind us, not all of it, with much of it behind us we are
extremely excited about everything that we have going on, particularly the
investments we're making in our people and our product that will accrue to our
customers. The upside of that provides us, we're in this for the long term.
We're excited about the long term, and we appreciate your support. Thanks.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's presentation. We thank you
all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102016a6124364.764










 EXECUTIVES (91%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (77%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%); PRICES (74%); PRESS
RELEASES (72%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

STEPHENS INC (71%);

COWEN GROUP INC (71%);

UBS SECURITIES LLC (70%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (96%); COWN (NASDAQ) (71%); JPM (NYSE)
(57%); JPM (LSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%);
DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%); DB
(NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%)










 FORT WORTH, TX, USA (71%); UNITED STATES (94%)










 April 18, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
22, 2016 Friday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 11184 words

Corporate Participants

* Dan Cravens

 - Managing Director of IR

* Doug Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

* Derek Kerr

. - CFO

* Scott Kirby

. - President

Conference Call Participants

* Mike Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

Buckingham Research - Analyst

* Duane Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI - Analyst

* Julie Yates

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Securities LLC - Analyst

* Savi Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. - Analyst

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Jack Atkins

Stephens Inc. - Analyst

* Susan Carey

Wall Street Journal - Media

* Jeffrey Dastin

Reuters - Media

* Edward Russell

Flightglobal - Media

* Mary Schlangenstein

Bloomberg News - Media

* Ted Reed

The Street - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Welcome to the American Airlines Group
second-quarter 2016 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded.

(Operator Instructions)

Now, I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Dan Cravens. Please go
ahead, sir.

DAN CRAVENS, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC: Thanks, Ashley. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the American
Airlines Group second-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. On the call with
us this morning is: Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Scott Kirby, our
President; and Derek Kerr, our Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for
our Q&A session is: Robert Isom, our Chief Operating Officer; Bev Goulet,
our Chief Integration Officer; and Maya Leibman, our Chief Information Officer;
as well as Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs.

As is our normal practice, we are going to start the call
today with Doug. He will provide an overview of our second-quarter financial
results. Derek will then walk us through the details on the quarter and provide
some additional information on our guidance for the remainder of the year.
Scott will then follow with commentary on the revenue environment and our
operational performance. Then after we hear from these comments, we will open
the call for analyst's Q&A and lastly questions from the media.

Before we begin, we must state that today's call does
contain forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future
revenues and costs, forecasts of capacity, traffic, load factor, fleet plans,
and fuel prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as
to future events, but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual
results to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks
and uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this
morning and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning, such as net profit and CASM, excluding unusual
items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is
included in the earnings release. That can be found on our website. A webcast
of this call will also be archived on the website. The information that we're
giving you on the call is as of today's date. We undertake no obligation to
update the information subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us this morning. At this point,
I'll turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Doug Parker.

DOUG PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Thank you, Dan. Thanks, everyone for being on. Happy to report our
earnings today.

$1.6 billion pretax earnings, excluding special charges.
That's the second best in our Company's history. It's worse over the last year,
which was the best. Last year, we made $1.9 billion on similar terms, not
particularly happy about that, but that is revenue driven. Scott will talk more
about that in the trends there. On an EPS basis though, adjusted EPS, adjusted
for that fact that we are booking taxes this year and didn't last year, you
will see that our earnings were actually -- EPS was -- adjusted EPS was
actually up 7%, even though the pretax earnings were down. That is due to our
share repurchase activity, which Derek will talk more about.

So all in all, really great results for the team. They're
the result of great work by a phenomenal team. We have 100,000 hard-working
people at American Airlines that are out there doing an amazing job of taking
care of our customers and we're extremely appreciative.

So with that said, I will turn it over to Derek and then
Scott to give you some more details.

DEREK KERR, CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.: Thanks, Doug.
Good morning, everybody.

As is our normal process, we did file our 10-Q and earnings
press release this morning. In that release, our second-quarter 2016 GAAP net
profit was $950 million or $1.68 per diluted share. This compares to our 2015
GAAP net profit of $1.7 billion or $2.41 per diluted share. Excluding special
charges, we reported a net profit of $1 billion or $1.77 per diluted share
versus the second quarter of 2015 net profit of $1.9 billion or $2.62 per
diluted share.

As we talked about on our last two earnings calls, the
Company did reverse the val allowance on its deferred tax assets as of December
31, 2015. As result, in 2016, the Company is recognizing a provision for income
tax that is substantially non-cash due to its utilization of NOLs. On a
year-over-year basis, quarterly net profit in 2016 will not be comparable to
net profit in 2015. Accordingly, we believe pretax profit and pretax profit,
excluding net special items, is a better measure for evaluating year-over-year
performance than net income.

On that basis, our second-quarter net tax -- or pretax
profit was $1.5 billion, equating to a pretax margin of 14.4% on a GAAP basis.
Excluding special charges, our pretax profit was $1.6 billion, which resulted
in a pretax margin of 15.4%. As Doug said, both of these measures are the
second best second-quarter pretax margin in Company history. Excluding the
effect of special items and the non-cash tax provision of $541 million, our
second-quarter 2016 adjusted fully diluted EPS was $2.81 per share, up 7.3% as
compared to second quarter 2015, reflecting a 20% reduction in our fully
diluted average share count.

Total capacity for the second quarter of 2016 was 70.8
billion ASMs, up 1.9% from the second quarter, with mainline up 1.2% and
regional capacity up 8%. Our second-quarter 2016 revenue was impacted by a
competitive capacity growth, continued global macroeconomic softness, and
foreign currency weakness. For the quarter, total operating revenues were $10.4
billion, down 4.3% year over year.

Passenger revenues were $9 billion, down 4.4%, driven by
5.3% lower yields. Cargo revenues were down 10.4% to $174 million, due
primarily to a 12.7% decline in yields on international freight. Other
operating revenues were $1.2 billion, down 2.1% versus the same period last
year.

On July 12, we did announce a new credit card agreement with
Barclaycard US, Citi, and MasterCard. This agreement extends and deepens
American's relationship with its existing credit card providers and is expected
to generate $200 million in pretax income -- incremental pretax income in the
second half of 2016. So about $100 million each quarter, $550 million in 2017
and $800 million in 2018, with modest increases in later years of the
agreement. Most of the increases will be reflected in other revenue.

Total GAAP operating expenses were $8.6 billion, down 3.3%
versus the same period last year, due primarily to a $530 million decrease in
consolidated fuel expense. Our average mainline fuel price, including taxes for
the second quarter of 2016, was down 25.5% year over year to $1.41 per gallon.
Second-quarter mainline CASM was $0.1132, down 4.6% year over year, due
primarily to the lower fuel costs, excluding special items and fuel.

Our mainline cost per ASM was $0.0912, up 4% year over year.
This increase was primarily due to contractual labor rate increases for our
customer service and res agents and the introduction of our profit-sharing
plan. This rate increases were offset in part mainly by maintenance timing and
lower selling expenses. Regional operating cost per ASM in the second quarter
was $0.1878, down 9.8% from 2015. Excluding special items and fuel, regional
CASM was decreased by 4.6%.

We ended the second quarter with approximately $9.5 billion
in total available liquidity comprised of cash and investments of $7.1 billion
and $2.4 billion in undrawn revolver capacity. The Company also had $460
million classified as restricted cash. This is a reduction of $51 million since
the last quarter. During the second quarter, we generated $2.2 billion in cash
flow from operations and paid $1.9 billion in debt.

During the quarter, the Company completed several efficient
financing transactions, including the US issuance of a new $1 billion
seven-year term loan, secured by the Company's mainline spare parts and $844
million in JFK special facility bonds. In addition, the Company issued the $829
million 2016-2 EETC consisting of AA and A tranches, which was then augmented
in early July with an additional $227 million B tranche, resulting in total
deal of $1.06 billion with a blended rate of 3.5%.

In the second quarter, the Company returned more than $1.7
billion to its shareholders, including quarterly dividend payments of $58
million and the repurchase of $1.7 billion of common stock or 50.2 million
shares. Since our capital return program started in mid 2014, the Company has
returned approximately $8.4 billion to shareholders through share repurchases
and dividends, including share repurchases, shares withheld to cover taxes
associated with employee awards and shares distributions and the cash
extinguishment of convertible debt. Our share count has dropped 29% from 756.1
million at merger close in December of 2013, to 537.1 million shares on June
30, 2016.

At the end of the second quarter, the Company had
approximately $1.2 billion remaining on its current share repurchase
authorization. Our liquidity of $9.5 billion at the end of second quarter was
up slightly as compared to $9.4 billion at the end of the first quarter and
remains well in excess of the $6.5 billion minimum liquidity we seek to
maintain for the foreseeable future. As we discussed on our first-quarter 2016
earnings conference call, we believe it is important to retain liquidity levels
higher than our network peers, given our overall leverage and the fact that we
have not yet completed our fleet renewal program.

In regard to our fleet renewal program, when we merged in
2013, both airlines had wide body fleet replacement plans that overlapped in
2017 and 2018. As referenced in our earnings release, in order to spread out
the wide body replacement orders and our future aircraft CapEx requirements, we
announced today than on July 18, we modified our purchase agreement with Airbus
for 22 A350 XWB aircraft. Under this amended agreement, we will now receive our
first A350 in late 2018. The deliveries are as follows: two in late 2018, and
five each from 2019 to 2022.

This change reduces aircraft CapEx and PDP's by
approximately $500 million in 2017 and approximately $700 million in 2018 and
provides us with capacity flexibility. As we discussed on our last earnings
call, in evaluating our leverage, we look at metrics such as net debt to EBITDAR.
As our fleet replacement program begins to normalize and with the deferral of
our A350 aircraft deliveries, going forward, our peak capital spending for
aircraft will occur in 2016 and decline going forward. As we see it today, we
expect our total net debt to follow the same path, peaking in 2016 and
improving each year thereafter.

Turning to our 2016 guidance. We continue to monitor our
capacity plans. In our IR update issued two weeks ago, we lowered full-year
system capacity guidance by 0.5 point and are forecasting it to be up
approximately 2% both from a domestic and international capacity, they'll both
be up around 2%. So the mainline capacity will be $64.1 billion in the third
and $58 billion in the fourth, regional capacity $8.19 billion in the third and
$7.9 billion in the fourth.

Year-over-year CASM, excluding special items and fuel, will
be up approximately 4% to 6%. Regional capacity is expected to be up
approximately -- or down approximately 3% to 5%. While fuel prices have risen
since the beginning of the year, we continue to expect to see significant
savings on a year-over-year basis. Based on the forward curves, as of
yesterday, we expect to pay between $1.39 and $1.44 per gallon in 2016. In the
third quarter, we expect $1.45 to $1.50, fourth quarter $1.48 to $1.53.
Regional, we expect third quarter, $1.51 to $1.56 and in the fourth quarter,
$1.54 to $1.59.

Based on these prices, we expect 2016 consolidated fuel
expense to decrease by approximately $1.3 billion year over year. Using the
midpoints of guidance we just provided along with the revenue guidance that
Scott will give, we expect our third-quarter pretax margin, excluding special
items, to be between 12% and 14%. For capital expenditures, we still expect
total gross air CapEx to be approximately $4.4 billion in 2016 with
approximately $803 million occurring in the third quarter. We still expect
non-aircraft CapEx to be $1.2 billion for the year.

In conclusion, thanks for the efforts of our more than
100,000 team members. They again delivered strong quarterly results. While we
still have a lot of work to do to fully complete our integration, we are
excited about the commercial initiatives our team has implemented as well as
those they are working on and look forward to reporting on our continued
success on future calls.

Thanks again for your time this morning. I'll turn it over
to Scott to talk about the revenue environment.

SCOTT KIRBY, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. I'll start by talking a little bit about our operational
performance and then turn to the revenue environment.

American's operational performance for the first half of
2016 has been strong. On a year-over-year basis, for the first half the year,
all performance metrics improved for both mainline and regional operations,
especially D0, which was up 3.3 points for mainline and 10.3 points for
regional and our mishandled bag rate, which has been reduced by 24%. Of course,
summer thunderstorms and high load factors bring incremental challenges for our
team. But the people of American Airlines are continuing to do a great job
taking care of our customers and improving the operation month in and month
out.

On the revenue front, 2Q PRASM came in at the high end of
our forecast. While it is still a challenging revenue environment 2Q is better
or less bad than 1Q, so we've at least started to see some second derivative
improvement in PRASM. Domestically, consolidated PRASM was down 5%. We saw the
strongest year-over-year performance in Phoenix, followed by DFW as our second
best performing year-over-year hub.

Internationally, as we're beginning to overlap the dollar
strengthening last year, the impact of a stronger US dollar and declining
international fuel surcharges is getting smaller and drove a 0.6% decline in
PRASM. The Atlantic was once again our best performing international region,
despite the high level of capacity growth, with PRASM down 6%. Across the
Pacific, PRASM was down 15% on 21% ASM growth, with continued weakness in both
Japan and China, but a good PRASM result in Hong Kong and Korea. Latin PRASM
was down 10%, but we saw a particular strength in Mexico and Argentina and an
improving trend in Brazil.

Looking forward, we expect the third quarter to continue
showing modest second derivative improvement in year-over-year PRASM.
Regionally, we expect the Pacific and Atlantic to remain challenging with
double-digit year-over-year PRASM declines.

But domestically and in Latin America, we expect continued
improvement relative to the second quarter, which will result in low
single-digit PRASM declines in both entities. We see particular strength in
Mexico. It appears that capacity cuts are finally starting to catch up to the
declining demand in Brazil. Also, we will begin benefiting from the new credit
card deals, although most of that revenue will show up in other revenue.

With that, we expect our total RASM, not passenger, but
total RASM to be down 3.5% to 5.5% year over year, with about 1 point of that
coming from the new credit card deals. Going forward, we plan to continue
guiding to total RASM. While we don't really have enough bookings or data to
have a forecast that's any more reliable than the analyst community, as we look
to 4Q and beyond, we expect to see continued second derivative improvement in the
year-over-year total RASM performance. We're looking forward to getting back to
growing RASM.

We're also excited with our plans to introduced basic
economy towards the end of this year and premium economy at some point in 2017.
We believe that product segmentation is a transformative change in how we
segment the product to give all of our customers choice in what they prefer,
whether it's a more inclusive product bundle or just a bare-bones low price.
Also as Derek mentioned, we also lowered our capacity guidance for the back
half of the year, which is really just a normal and natural reaction to a
declining year-over-year PRASM and higher fuel environment.

In conclusion, we still dislike negative RASM, but we feel
good about the path that we're on to get back to RASM growth. We continue
making gradual improvements in our core results. Our new credit card deal will
add significantly to revenues over the next few years. We have some big
opportunities ahead of us with product segmentation. When you put it all
together, we feel very good about the foundation that we're building for the
long term, which will enable us to run the world's best operation and drive
higher revenues.

DAN CRAVENS: Thank you, Derek. Thank you, Scott. Operator,
we are ready for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Mike Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MIKE LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Actually, I think
Derek, you may have called this out, just competitive capacity growth as being
an issue on the revenue performance. Where did you see -- where was that most
egregious? Which markets and maybe it's more domestic? Maybe this is actually
more question for Scott to answer. I know you did call it out, Derek. Which of
your domestic markets maybe have seen the most egregious conditions from a
competitive capacity growth perspective? Thanks.

SCOTT KIRBY: Look, there's lots of capacity growth
everywhere, it's not just domestically. A lot of capacity growth across the
Atlantic and Pacific in particular. A lot of capacity growth actually in the
Caribbean and Mexico. The one place, internationally at least, where we've
finally started to see capacities start to right-size -- well, I don't know if
right-size is the right term, started to at least adjust to the demand environment
is South America, where Brazil actually saw a declining capacity. We continue
to see declining capacity going forward.

Domestically, I mean it's mostly across the board. We still
see higher growth in Dallas out of Love Field. The good news for us is that
growth, as we get to September, we will overlap the last phase of Southwest
growth. So at least the head-to-head competitive environment for us, relative
to what has been, will improve in September. But really there's been a lot of
growth everywhere. Los Angeles has been high-growth market. But I don't think
other than Dallas, I would single out any particular market for higher growth.
It's been across the board.

MIKE LINENBERG: Great. Just a quick follow-up to Derek. On
the NOLs now -- now, you're booking taxes, but at what point -- do have an
estimate of when you believe you'll be paying cash taxes? I guess I would just
presume that just based on current profitability trends, is -- are cash taxes
going to become a real thing in maybe, what, 2018, 2019? Any thoughts on that?

DEREK KERR: Yes. We are thinking right now 2019 or 2020, but
it just depends on also aircraft purchases and other things like that. So I
think we're looking at more 2019 to 2020 for cash taxes.

MIKE LINENBERG: Great, thanks a lot guys.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Mike.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Scott, just a
question for you. We've heard a lot from other airlines as far as pressures on
close-in yield and that sort of thing. What are you seeing there, just thoughts
going forward? That's the first one.

SCOTT KIRBY: Okay. So I guess we're seeing something a
little different. All of our competitors said it. Close-in yields are still
down year over year. There still negative. But we certainly haven't seen
another leg down. Actually, I would've said the opposite, that things look
marginally less bad for us on close-in yields. But some of that is probably
because we do, I think, have a little bit different competitive environment on
a year-over-year basis. We've had some huge headwinds from a competitive
perspective. Dallas Love Field was one of those big headwinds, domestically,
that drove a lot of capacity growth in our market.

Now we are starting to overlap that. So we have what would
be a more normal comparison with the rest of the industry, looking forward. So
that probably means that we are seeing something -- perhaps it's a little
different than our competitors on a year-over-year basis. Secondly, we've had
on a year-over-year basis, while we still probably have the most exposure to
ultra low-cost carriers of any airline, they aren't growing in our markets
anymore, at least to a large degree.

So we have less of that incremental pressure. They're adding
capacity in other places and when they do, that causes close-in yields to
decline in those markets. But we've already had that and we're overlapping,
now, on a year-over-year basis where they're effectively flat in our markets.
Third, we have been less involved in some of the pricing -- I'm trying to think
of the right word, pricing issues going on between airlines. We've been
involved on the periphery, but some others have been more involved in lowering
fares in each other's markets than we have. So we've probably benefited from
not being quite as involved in that.

RAJEEV LALWANI: All right, thanks. Doug, if I can ask you a
quick question. As it relates to buybacks, you've obviously been pretty
aggressive. Why not be even more aggressive, where maybe taking the Company
private or something like that, just given your confidence in the model?

DOUG PARKER: I think we are being adequately aggressive and
properly aggressive. Our view, as we've stated many times is, after we go
through and make sure we are investing in all the right things, our people, the
airline, our customers, paying off high cost debt, the question then becomes of
the cash we continue to generate in excess of that, what should we do with it?
Certainly, with -- given our view of the future that we've described and where
the market has its stock right now, it appears to us that the best use that
cash is to buy back our shares. We're doing so, I think, in a reasonably
aggressive way. But that's the current plan.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: I just have a
question about headcount. Do you think that there are extra people still on
board? I guess that's a bad way to phrase it, (laughter) relative to the merger
and the consolidation? Do you think that, as you look out another couple of
years, that number starts to increase at a slower rate?

DOUG PARKER: Yes. Helene, I would say the answer to that is
yes. Our number one job is to get through the merger and complete the merger,
so there are areas where we do have extra headcount to make sure that we get
the operation running right, to make sure that we complete the integration. So
yes, I believe over time we will pull it back and become more efficient, but I
think right now, we're doing the right things to make sure that we get
everything running right and get the integration done. So I think over time it
will come down, but over the next few years, as we look forward.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. Then just another process question, I
couldn't find it in the 10-Q real quickly this morning, but the intangibles on
the balance sheet declined. Did you have to make any adjustments for slots at
Newark or anywhere else?

DOUG PARKER: Yes, we did, but it wasn't very big. It was in
the $20 million range for us, but it was very small from the Newark
perspective. But we did make an adjustment and wrote those down to zero.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. Great. Thank you for your help.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Helene.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: So I think Scott, you
said in the past, that you guys expect to have the best margins in the industry
amongst the legacy airline peers. It's probably looking a little bit less
likely now. So if we start here and pick one financial-oriented metric that you
want American to lead the pack on over the next 12 months from today, what
would it be?

SCOTT KIRBY: Look, I still want us to have the highest
pretax margins than most network carriers. I still think we will get there. I
think we are on a good path. We took a step back from, well, a few big things
that disproportionately impacted American. These kind of things are cyclical
and they will eventually come back, but if you look at Venezuela first, which
had RASM that was four times our system average. The country fell apart. You
had Brazil, which was 80%-something above system average and the country fell
apart.

Those were massive, massive headwinds that drove 3 to 4
points, just those two issues, 3 to 4 points of system PRASM and 3 to 4 point
margin decline. So the hill we had to overcome to get back on those things was
bigger, because those big macro [exogenous] events disproportionately impacted
American. That said, it feels like we're -- those things are about to be in the
rearview mirror. Brazil is no longer a negative. Venezuela is still a big
negative. RASM is going to be down 35% this coming quarter again, but it's
coming off a much smaller base.

So it's not even something that we fall out in the
system-level impact, because it's coming off a smaller base. So we've had some
really big headwinds between that and Dallas Love Field growth. Those headwinds
are now in the rearview mirror. We have a more normalized, at least on a
year-over-year basis, comparison to the rest of the industry. I think you're
starting to already see our -- as we look out, our RASM results start to
reflect that.

We've also been -- had at least one hand tied behind our
backs in the last few years, as you get through integration and you have all
your resources, and you have systems locked down that even when you know you
want to make changes, you can't because you are in the middle of converting the
systems. Our hands are getting untied now. We still have some that work left to
do but there's more coming. We would've had basic economy and premium economy,
which I've said, I think are worth -- I'll be disappointed if they are not $1
billion a year. We'd have those done by now, if we hadn't have been in the
middle of integration. But we have been in the middle of integration. We've had
to get through that.

So I think we're going to continue to knock those kinds of
and many other smaller projects out along the way and that we are on a good
path. We got our credit card deal done. Others got theirs done ahead of time.
We've got ours done. So I feel really good about the path that we are on.
Ultimately, our goal is to have the highest pretax margin amongst the network
carriers.

HUNTER KEAY: Okay. So you mentioned some of the ULCC
competitive headwinds shifting, do you feel vindicated? I guess what you said
here -- what we've learned is that it pays to kind of go nuclear when this
stuff happens. So do you feel vindicated that this is happening now? Or do you
-- now that this is sort of settling down, do you feel like, well maybe there
could have been like a little bit more of a tactical way to do this without
setting the house on fire, but we had to destroy the village to save it, type
thing? Or is there any lessons learned that you can extrapolate going forward,
about how to compete maybe more tactically? Or do you have no regrets?

SCOTT KIRBY: I don't agree with any of the commentary about
nuclear, house on fire, any of that. (laughter)

HUNTER KEAY: Fine. Whatever you want to say really.

SCOTT KIRBY: Just to be clear, I think there's absolutely no
choice but to compete and to match pricing of non-stop competitors. There's
just absolutely no choice. It's not a matter of vindicated or any other of
those words, it's what you have to do. It's what we've done. It's the right
strategy.

HUNTER KEAY: Michael, Thank you.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Hunter.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: I'm trying to figure out a
way to avoid using the term nuclear in my question now. (laughter) Bazooka
versus rifle, or something like that. Listen, Scott, you avoided fuel hedging
in the past, believing that fuel prices and passenger demand would broadly move
in conjunction with one another. If you look at current revenue and GDP trends
now, that time held relationship has decoupled for the first time since the
financial crisis or the advent of the Internet. By the way, fuel and capacity
had been volatile in the past, yet the revenue to GDP relationship was broadly
unaffected.

So I have two questions. First, what explains the
disconnect? Is it secular or self-inflicted? Two, if the relationship is
decoupling and continues to do so, then your primary argument against fuel
hedging is no longer valid, thoughts?

SCOTT KIRBY: Okay. So, I will try on both of those. First, I
think there still is a relationship between fuel price and revenues. It comes
with a lag. I've historically said four to six months, one of our competitors
said nine months. It does come with a lag. I think revenues will be higher in
the fourth quarter than they otherwise would've been if fuel was lower. Now,
fuel prices at whatever it was yesterday, $47 a barrel? While they took a very
brief spike down to $35 a barrel, I doubt capacity ever adjusted all the way
down to $35 a barrel.

You saw earnings improve dramatically as a result. So I'm not
sure what the right comparison is, if it was $35 a barrel or $47 a barrel where
people were planning capacity from, but I think there still is a link. Second,
I think there has been another structural change in the industry. That has
been, in particular, the growth of ultra-low cost carriers. That was a
structural change, a structural change that required a structural response.

The structural response is twofold. It's one to compete with
them, which we are doing. The second one is product segmentation. It has been a
structural change in the industry where 20 years ago, we segmented customer
demand based on fare roles. If you are a business traveler, you're -- the
higher the fares. The low fares, which were designed for leisure customers
required a Saturday night stay. You had to buy 21 days in advance. That didn't
work for business travelers. That kind of segmentation doesn't work in today's
world anymore. So we have to change the model.

Changing the model is going to product segmentation, which
is what basic economy and premium economy are all about. Now, I wish we
could've done that by snapping our fingers like we could make the change in a
fare filing. As ultra-low cost carriers grew that we could have immediately
affected that change. But we couldn't. So we've had to compete first. Then we
will get to segmentation, starting the basic economy later this year and
premium economy next year. I think that is going to address the secular change
from ultra-low cost carriers. But we have taken a leg down because of that. I
think we will recover it once we get those things in effect.

As to the fuel hedging question, there's two reasons to not
hedge fuel. Actually, I would've said the tie to revenue is maybe the second
one. The biggest reason to not hedge fuel is because, it's a rigged game that's
impossible to beat. Fuel prices, most of the time, are trading at contango. So
while fuel is $47 a barrel today, if we try to buy fuel for a year from now,
it's well north of that. In addition, we all know and realize the risk that you
take if you just do costless collars. So what most people do and the prudent
view is that you should buy options.

So if you want to buy an option for fuel a year from now,
you're going to pay an $8 to $10 option premium. So fuel prices have to go up,
it varies from time to time depending on how big your contango is and how high
volatile is, but in the 30% to 50% range, just to break even. When you're
playing a game that you have to have oil go up 30% to 50% to break even, it's
impossible to win in the long term. There could be days that you win or it
could be months that you win, but it is impossible to win in the long term.

JAMIE BAKER: Okay. I appreciate the input on both parts of
the question. I will turn the mic over to somebody else. Take care, gentlemen.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Jamie.

JAMIE BAKER: Thanks, Doug. Thanks, Derek -- Scott.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH: Scott, British
Airways cut their earnings outlook following the Brexit vote. I'm wondering if
you could talk a little bit more about what Brexit might or might not mean for
American as we look ahead? Then separately, I'm wondering what you can share
about BA's willingness to work with you to optimize the trans-Atlantic flying
as we look ahead?

SCOTT KIRBY: So first on Brexit, I think in the near-term --
I'll define near-term as being until the UK actually leaves the EU, so two plus
years depending on when they trigger Article 50. There's sort of, I think of it
as three effects. One is a currency effect, which is a pretty clear negative.
Actually, when we look at currency by currency, what has the biggest
year-over-year impact, it's been the Brazilian real for a long time. It's now
the UK pound because of the decline in currencies. By the way, we generate --
about 4% of our revenues are sold in British pounds. So currency decline is
negative.

The second point is that it will happen over the near to
medium term. The direct impact, I actually think, will be positive. When I say
direct impact I mean the number of people having to fly back and forth across
the North Atlantic, particularly business customers, as there's a lot more
consultants, lawyers, bankers that are likely to be flying back and forth
figuring out what the heck this means and what are we going to do.

The third and most concerning thing that will be -- that has
the potential to be negative is, in the near to medium term, is if it creates
business confidence problems. We have seen historically that when there's
business confidence, one of the first things businesses do is cut the travel
and entertainment budget. That's not something that would uniquely affect the
UK or the EU, it would be a broader impact.

I was gratified to see that while the market fell for two
days after the Brexit vote, it has bounced back. That's usually a pretty good
indicator of confidence or highly correlated with confidence. So I think it's
unlikely that we're going to see a big change of confidence. So all of which,
means I think for the next few years at least, there is not going to be much
impact from Brexit when you sort through those three items.

We don't have tons of data. We have a months worth of data
so far and our book revenues have improved in the month since Brexit happened.
At least relative to where they were before, so it's hard to see any evidence
that it's a big problem. Longer-term, the issue is going to be obviously what
happens with the UK economy. What happens with the banking industry, in
particular, because that is a big component of revenue across the North
Atlantic. What happens from a regulatory framework. But near-term, I don't
anticipate an awful lot of issues.

DAN MCKENZIE: A comprehensive answer, thanks. Derek --

DOUG PARKER: He was prepared for that one. (laughter) Thanks,
Dan.

SCOTT KIRBY: Our board asked also. (laughter)

DAN MCKENZIE: I appreciate it. Derek, the reduced CapEx and
cash tax perspective addresses key investor concerns that I've been getting.
Just given the net debt coming down, does that also mean gross adjusted debt
will start coming down in 2017? Then as you think about the longer-term
leverage target, say three years out, what could that look like?

DEREK KERR: Well, I think that as we look at CapEx, we
talked about it being at $4.4 billion this year, goes down to $4 billion next
year and then down to $2.1 billion to $[2.525] billion. So the significant
reduction in the CapEx will help all those leverage ratios out. So I think
those will be benefited as well going out throughout the year. So I think all
of our metrics from a leverage basis get better as we go through 2017, 2018,
2019, 2020 as the aircraft CapEx gets reduced over that time period.

DAN MCKENZIE: Okay. Thanks, guys.

DOUG PARKER: Thank you, Dan.

OPERATOR: Duane Pfennigwerth, Evercore.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: Scott, I wonder
if you can put a finer point on RASM expectations for Europe or the UK
specifically? What are you expecting in terms of year-to-year change in RASM
for the UK in the September quarter versus, say, in second quarter?

SCOTT KIRBY: Look, Europe is probably the only region of the
world that I think is going to get sequentially worse from the second quarter
to the third quarter. Pacific will be about the same on RASM. Domestic and
Latin, as I said in my opening comments, are going to get better. We do expect
Europe to get worse; although, it's really core Europe more than it is the UK.
Europe has several, almost I guess, three strikes against it looking forward.

It's one, there's more economic uncertainty. It's not just
around Brexit, there's economic uncertainty. It's a challenging economic
environment in Europe, so the macro is not good. You've got accelerating
capacity growth across the Atlantic, so it's a second strike for Europe. Third
is currency. So the one impact of Brexit that actually is an identifiable
negative is currency weakness. So those three things -- I mean, that's one
region of the world that we think is actually going to sequentially get worse
in the third quarter. But it's really not a UK issue, it's actually more core
Europe than it is UK from our perspective.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Appreciate that you wouldn't care to put
a finer point on it of how much you expect RASM to be down next quarter?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, I said double-digits in my opening
comments. I'm not going to put a finer point on it than that.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. Then the comments on Latin are
really interesting. Maybe you could help us put some context around Brazil?
Could you remind us how much your capacity is down 3Q versus 2Q? What the shape
of RASM you are expecting? For example, we've heard some others that maybe long
haul international to Brazil went from like down 35% to down 25%, which is
sequential improvement but it's still pretty weak. For you, your capacity cuts are
much greater than that, so maybe revenues -- or maybe RASM's closer to
flattish? Any help you can give us there would be appreciated.

SCOTT KIRBY: Yes, we've cut capacity -- I don't know 3Q
versus 2Q. We started cutting capacity in 2015, when we could see these results
clearly deteriorating. We were surprised actually in 2015 -- I think, every
carrier that flies from Brazil to the United States not only increased capacity
but increased capacity by double-digits, except for American Airlines. So I
think we are probably down 35% to 40% from where we were back in 2014 today.
But in the second quarter for the first time, we actually saw industry capacity
come down. It's going to come down even more in the third and fourth quarter.

As a result, Brazil, which was running down kind of 35% in
the second quarter, RASM was down 13%. In the third quarter, we expect it to be
positive. Now, we're getting a boost in the third quarter from the Olympics, so
I wouldn't necessarily expect the fourth quarter to remain positive; although,
our guess is right now that the fourth quarter will remain positive. There's
just been an awful lot of capacity come out and you just got to such a low
level. I mean, RASM will still be down, I don't know the number, 40%, 50% from
where it was at the peak, even if it turns positive in the third and fourth
quarter. But it certainly feels like it's not getting worse anymore. It's not
really on -- it's coming off a low base, it's not really on a rapid recovery,
but it does feel like it's not getting worse anymore.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Thank you for that. So maybe RASM
positive on capacity down double-digits for you?

SCOTT KIRBY: I don't know what our capacity is right now. As
I look at it over a longer time horizon -- over a longer time horizon, we're
down probably close to 40%. But I don't know what it is, 3Q versus 2Q.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Okay. Thank you for the detailed
answers. Thank you. I appreciate it.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks.

OPERATOR: Julie Yates, Credit Suisse.

JULIE YATES, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Derek, one for you on,
the CapEx decline in 2017 and 2018 starts to free up some free cash flow, what
are your priorities? Are there additional opportunities to prepay debt? Is this
meant to help with the pension funding requirement coming in 2019?

DEREK KERR: Yes, two things. One, it will be -- we're going
to use cash to complete the integration and continue to do all the projects
that we've got on the list, as Scott talked about, basic economy, premium
economy, cash will definitely go to that first. As we look at pension
requirements, our first pension requirement payment is in 2019. We have a small
requirement in 2018, but the biggest requirement is in 2019.

We do have the possibility to pre -- do that early on the
pensions, in 2018 if we want to get 80% funded in the 2018 timeframe. So that's
a possibility to do but it's not required to do. Our requirement is in 2019 to
do that. So I think the biggest uses are going to be making sure that we have
enough CapEx. We have $1 billion this year in CapEx. We expect that to
maintain, if not grow a little bit in 2017 and 2018 just due to all the
projects and the backup demand that's there for everybody. So I think that's
where it will more likely go than any early pension payments. The requirement
in the pensions in 2019.

JULIE YATES: Okay. That's very helpful. Then, Scott, one for
you, from the last year, we've seen the weakness in -- from competitive actions
is rarely contained. How much do you worry about that when you observe what's
going on in other markets, with the other airlines that you mentioned?

SCOTT KIRBY: Look, it's a really competitive environment,
still a yield and RASM negative environment across the board. So we are
impacted by that. I think we get better at completing in that environment. The
more experience we get with it, we learn things that work, learn things that we
can do better. But the biggest thing we can do really is the structural
response. I know on these calls, we typically focus on what's going to happen
in the next quarter or the next three weeks and have a pretty short-term focus
on it.

But the biggest thing we can do is get the product
segmentation right, not just for our investors but for our customers, where we
can give customers what they are looking for, whether they want a really cheap
low bump, bare bones, low-price or whether they want a product that has more
amenities and is a higher quality product. It is taking its time to get that
done but that's really the right structural response.

So look, we feel pretty good about where we are. We think
that we are on a continuing trajectory, a second derivative positive trajectory
to get back to positive PRASM. That happened this quarter, we expect it to
happen -- in the second quarter, we expect it in the third quarter. We think
we're going to continue on that trend. So we wish it was -- PRASM was positive
today. We wish we had a benign competitive environment, but we have what we
have. We think we're making good progress.

DEREK KERR: Julie, this is Derek. Just one follow-up to that
question. From a debt -- non-aircraft debt payments, next year it's only $100
million for us. The year after that it's only $600 million. We do have
unsecured bond in 2018. We will -- if there's any opportunities to prepay any
high-cost debt, which we've done a significant amount of and will do at any
point we can, we will use that cash to prepay any of that. We don't have any
planned in 2017 and 2018, but if we find things that we can prepay early, we
will use any cash to do that in 2017 and 2018.

JULIE YATES: Okay. Great. Then Scott --

DOUG PARKER: It's Doug. Only because we have a lot of our
employees who listen in on these calls and you mentioned the pensions, I just
wanted to make sure that I explain to everybody what's going on here. The issue
is, you may or may not know, Julie, we are fully funded per some airline
pension funding rules. More funded in that regard than our competitors on the
pensions. We at American, are required because of the way these -- because of
the fact that frankly that American didn't file bankruptcy and Delta and
NorthWest did -- Delta and United did, we are required to move off that funding
plan into other funding plans sooner than they are. As Derek said, I think
that's 2018 or 2019 for us.

So that will require us to move up to a higher level at that
time. We could do it today, if we wanted to, it's not a funding issue, it will
never be a funding issue. It's just what's the right time to pay debt
amortizations. This -- so we will pay that when -- we will fund that as we are
required. We are fully funded now, higher than our competitors and will be
funded at a rate higher than them when we do this. But we don't think -- none
of us think it's in the best interest of the Company to go funded in advance,
or to be over-funded on something that doesn't have a return. So we will keep
you in -- until that time -- we're are well aware there. There is not issue
whatsoever and it's fully manageable and it can be funded now.

JULIE YATES: Okay. Thanks, Doug. Then just one last one for
you, Scott, on corporate, it's been a pretty big topic on some of the other
calls. You guys haven't mentioned it. Can you give us an update on what trends
you're seeing from a corporate perspective?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, they continue as they have been. We had
corporate demand up. We continue to win share. I think corporate revenue was
down 1% for us in the quarter. So obviously, it's outperforming the rest of the
system but I think it's much like it has been. Corporate demand is strong, but
we have got a lot of low fares in the market. So they're getting a deal right
now.

JULIE YATES: Got it. Thanks so much.

OPERATOR: Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS SECURITIES LLC: I'd like to
follow-up on Jamie's question, Scott, with regard to some of the secular trends
that we're perhaps witnessing. You had called out the growth of low-cost
carriers, but one of the things that I've been thinking a little bit harder
about more recently is that, we've also seen a lot of frequency consolidation
here over the last few years. Just wondering if maybe you thought perhaps the
quality of the schedule having deteriorated a bit could have also driven some
of the decoupling that we've seen in that historical relation between airline
revenue and GDP? Just any thoughts around that?

SCOTT KIRBY: I don't think so. One of the things that is a
close analog to that probably is every airline has increased density on
aircraft. So -- we've done it. But all our competitors have as well. At least
with regard to RASM, that, we typically think of those extra seats as coming in
at 50% of system RASM. So when we put another 12 seats on the 737-800s, that,
that 12 seats is 6% of capacity, it means that all those flights come in, RASM
is 3% lower than it otherwise would've been.

They're profit positive. But I think that is probably a
change that has driven lower RASM at least across the industry. It's had a
corresponding benefit on the cost side, of course, but would drive lower RASM.
But we still have high quality schedules for business travelers. I don't think
business travelers are flying less because maybe you have 14 flights a day in a
market instead of 15 flights a day. I don't think you are really losing any
business. That people are deciding to stay home because of that.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. Then you had also mentioned that you
thought the Olympics were going to be a positive, down in Brazil. I remember
two years ago, when we had the World Cup down there, you saw some very close in
revenue deterioration, bookings deterioration, which I think was really the
hotel availability. Do you think that's likely to be an issue again this time?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, usually, the Olympics, World Cups,
conventions are a negative for revenues, because business travelers just stay
away, because they can't get hotels, they're worried about the crowds. So,
business travel dries up. We've seen that in all the other Olympics. We've seen
that at the World Cup. In this case, Brazil is so bad that there is no business
traffic, (laughter) or close to no business traffic. So this year, I think that
will be a positive, just because Brazil had fallen so much before. Two years
ago, I would've thought the Olympics would be a negative. It would've been two
years ago, but today because things have bottomed -- have fallen so much,
they're going to actually be a positive.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Great. Then if I could just get one last
one, just a clarification for Derek. Derek, I think you said CapEx was coming
down by $500 million in 2017 and $700 million in 2018, is that just aircraft
CapEx? Or is that total CapEx? Because I think you said there was also an
offset on the non-aircraft line?

DEREK KERR: That's just aircraft CapEx. Right now, we're
showing $1.2 billion in 2016 for non-aircraft CapEx. We think it will go up to
$1.5 billion in 2017 and then -- probably $1.5 billion, I just put $1.5 billion
for both 2017 and 2018, as we finish off. Then it will drop off in 2019 and
2020. So we're trying to get done with all the basic economy, premium economy,
all the interior work that we are doing and all the completion of all the
merger activity, we'll have higher non-aircraft CapEx in 2017 and 2018. But
then get back to that $1.2 billion, $1 billion run rate in 2019 and 2020.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Would you just provide the total gross
CapEx, as you see it today for those years?

DEREK KERR: Yes. I have: $5.6 billion in 2016; $5.5 billion,
2017; $3.6 billion in 2018; $3.6 billion in 2019; and $3.2 billion in 2020.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES, INC.:
Actually, if I could first ask a follow-up to Julie's question on the corporate
demand. Could you just talk about what the volume trend has been over the last
several quarters? If that's similar or if you've seen maybe a deceleration in
that trend?

SCOTT KIRBY: I think they been similar, not a real change in
the corporate demand environment.

SAVI SYTH: All right, great. Then just to switch on to a
non-fuel cost side, on a pre-approved profit-sharing basis, if I look at this
full-year guide, it seems that there's a lot of pressure here in 2016. I'm just
wondering what's driving that? When we might see some of the kind of the
benefits from merger -- or integration-related benefits of -- benefiting the
cost side? Maybe just some early thoughts on what we might see from headwinds
and tailwinds in 2017?

DEREK KERR: Yes, I think what's driving it this year is
primarily for a full-year effect, it's salaries and benefits and adding back
into profit-sharing. So that -- of a full year, we've guided right around 5%,
that's almost 4.5% of it. The third-quarter change from the second quarter is
really driven by maintenance timing. I think we had 1.7% good guide in
maintenance in the first quarter, 1% in the second quarter and its shifting
almost exactly opposite in the third and fourth quarter with about a 1.6%
headwind in the third and a 1.4% headwind in the fourth. So it's really a shift
in the maintenance timing. Year over year our maintenance is flat.

It's up 0.1%, so it's virtually flat. But it's the timing of
things moving from this year in the third and fourth quarter, more than last
year being in the first and second quarter. So that's really the year-over-year
timing. As we look forward, we don't -- we still have one contract to do that
is not in our guidance that we're still working hard to get our mechanics and
our ramp contract done. We want to get that done as soon as possible. That
would be the biggest headwind going into next year from a CASM perspective.
Other than that, we believe we should be in the 0% to 2% range, going forward.
We don't see any major CASM headwinds looking out into 2017 or 2018.

SAVI SYTH: If I may, a follow-up on that, from a gate
standpoint, what's the trend? Is there going to be -- does the 0 to 2% rely on
the gauge improvement?

DEREK KERR: The gauge improvements from an aircraft
perspective?

SAVI SYTH: Exactly.

DEREK KERR: There's still some gauge increase. Some of that
is going as we modified the aircraft so maybe 0.5% of that would be gauge
driven.

SAVI SYTH: Okay. Then just from -- on the regional side,
there's not a lot more left than from a cutoff gauge in there?

DEREK KERR: Correct, there's only -- from a delivery
perspective, we only have about 12 aircraft of gauge coming in 2017. So there
will be some effect from the 2016. We had 42 aircraft coming in 2016, so there
will be a little bit of effect of that next year. This year, we had gauge
difference of about -- from an ASM perspective of about 3.3%, next year it's
probably about half of that, 1.5 to 2 points on the regional perspective.

SAVI SYTH: All right, great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Derek and Scott, I
just wanted to talk about kind of the capacity reductions you announced, I
guess it was last week. One of your peers has said that it's essentially too
expensive for them to pull capacity starting in fourth quarter. So I just want
to understand, when you guys ran the numbers on pulling ASMs, was it dilutive
to earnings and you were just willing to accept that to try and regain some
pricing power? Or was it not?

SCOTT KIRBY: No. We think it's the right thing to do. We
think it is earnings positive in that world. Look, in a world where RASM is
declining and/or fuel prices are going up, it just becomes mathematically true
that every thing across your system gets a little worse. So the bottom 1% has a
higher probability that it's no longer profitable. It is true that you can't
get 100% of the cost out in the short-term. That does drive CASM pressure for
us. But we think that the capacity changes we made are both revenue and
earnings positive beginning in the fourth quarter, even though we can't get
100% of the cost out.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. Then, Derek, you've talked in some detail
about the CapEx and debt profile over the next couple of years. Can you just
talk about -- just on the interest expense line, when and at what level that
number peaks and then starts to come down over the next couple of years?

DEREK KERR: The interest expense line?

JOSEPH DENARDI: Yes.

DEREK KERR: Let me see. Yes. Let me try to grab that for the
five-year plan. Go ahead and ask another and I'll pull that question out --
I'll pull the answer out.

DOUG PARKER: What else you got, Joe?

JOSEPH DENARDI: I was going to try and stick to two. So, I
will let somebody else get on.

SCOTT KIRBY: All right. I've got you now.

DOUG PARKER: We spoke long enough, he's now found his
five-year plan.

DEREK KERR: It should stay pretty stable where we have it
right now. So our interest expense line in 2016 is forecast to be right about
at $1 billion. We've forecasted for the next -- depending on what we do, I
think right now, we expect to finance a fair amount of those aircraft. So if we
do that, we will reduce debt pretty much commiserate with what we bring on, so
our interest expense should stay pretty flat over the next five years under
that methodology.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Great.

DEREK KERR: We have reduced the cost of the debt from 5%
down to almost a 4% debt, which is, as we have refinanced and financed these
aircraft at really attractive rates, we've reduced our overall cost to debt
down to around 4%.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Great. Thank you very much.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Joseph.

OPERATOR: Jack Atkins, Stephens.

JACK ATKINS, ANALYST, STEPHENS INC.: Just to go back to the
revenue initiatives and cabin segmentation for a moment, I know the plan is to
have basic economy by the end of the year. But can you give us a sense for when
you would expect those initiatives to really start having some noticeable
improvement on the P&L in terms of your RASM or PRASM?

SCOTT KIRBY: So basic economy, I think will start to have an
impact probably in March of next year, is what I would say. Then premium
economy, while we'll roll it out at some point in 2017, because it will also be
tied in -- we're going to treat premium economy like a separate cabin,
essentially. So different than what other airlines might call premium economy
today, more expansive, more what it looks like -- or more how it's treated
internationally or how we're going to treat it internationally as a separate
cabin. Because of that, it will have impact on the frequent flyer program. So
that will probably be for 2018, really, because we'll need to tell our frequent
flyers in advance, how it impacts the frequent flyer program.

JACK ATKINS: Okay. Then just a quick follow-up on that then.
Is there a way to put some brackets around the value you would expect that to
generate to your earnings steam over the course of the next, call it, three to
five years?

SCOTT KIRBY: I'm going to be disappointed if it's not $1
billion a year.

JACK ATKINS: Okay. Thank you very much.

DOUG PARKER: Thank you.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Susan Carey, Wall Street Journal.

SUSAN CAREY, MEDIA, WALL STREET JOURNAL: Two for, probably
for Scott. I think, Scott, at the outset I understood you to say that your 3Q
guidance is going to be for RASM, down 3.5% to 5.5%. I believe, I understood
you to say you were abandoning PRASM and you are going to be adopting the RASM
model going forward? Am I getting that right?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, I didn't say abandon, but yes that's
right. It's the better metric to look at, more an increasing percentage of our
revenues come in the other revenue line. The credit card deal is obviously a
big component of that. But also, as we move into a world of basic economy and
premium economy, there will be a higher amount of revenues, that come in other
revenues and that's really the most important metric. So we're going to be
guiding to RASM on a go-forward basis.

SUSAN CAREY: Okay. The other question I think an analyst
asked, you said Brexit is not really going to have a big impact on you for the
foreseeable future, except on the ForEx front. But I think the guy asked, what
are going to do about coordinating with BA, across the pond, in case there has
to be some kind of capacity adjustment? Is it premature to talk about that
right now? Or is that something that's in your planning horizon?

SCOTT KIRBY: Look, we have a great relationship with IAG. We
talk to them all the time about what the right amount of capacity is. We'll
just continue in the normal course in that process. We will react as we see
things happen in the market. But there is nothing specific to talk about today.

SUSAN CAREY: Thank you.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Susan.

OPERATOR: Jeffrey Dastin, Reuters.

JEFFREY DASTIN, MEDIA, REUTERS: Perhaps I missed this, but
could you specify any markets or if there's a particular region that will be
impacted by the Airbus deferrals?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, we didn't specify. There really isn't
because we still have to work through the plans on where we're going to fly
with the existing fleet. Really, what this does is give us flexibility. All
these aircraft were scheduled to be replacement aircraft for existing aircraft.
So we can extend some of the leases longer to keep the existing flying and/or
growth plans in place or given a weak international environment, we can keep
some of those retirements in place as they were and pull back on what our
growth plans otherwise would've been. So it really just gives us flexibility.

JEFFREY DASTIN: Great, thank you. One follow-up question --
or an unrelated question. How are bookings shaping up for cities in Cuba so
far?

SCOTT KIRBY: I don't know.

JEFFREY DASTIN: Great. Thank you.

DOUG PARKER: We'll have someone get back to you, Jeffrey.

JEFFREY DASTIN: Great. Thank you.

DOUG PARKER: Sure.

OPERATOR: Edward Russell, Flightglobal.

EDWARD RUSSELL, MEDIA, FLIGHTGLOBAL: I just wanted to
understand, why you choosing to do the A350 deferrals now? You have the US
Airways and American order books back in 2013, so why the decision to do this
now versus a year ago or so?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, in order to defer, you can just
unilaterally decide to defer aircraft and call Airbus or Boeing up and say --
hey, we're going to defer aircraft and they say --okay. You have to work it out
with them. So we've just needed to find a point in time where it was in Airbus'
best interest to defer the orders and ours. So the timing is really about when it
works for both sets of partners.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay. I mean, one of the things that comes
up, I think of -- Airbus has already started cutting metal for first half 2017
deliveries, at this point. So, do you have any color on -- were you penalized
for doing a deferral now? Or (multiple speakers) like you said, it was just in
the best interests.

SCOTT KIRBY: No, this was something Airbus also wanted. So
we were able to work out a win-win for Airbus and American.

DOUG PARKER: Edward, it's Doug. Look -- anyway -- first off,
as you know, we came in with two rounds of two large fleet orders. We've been
trying to get them better coordinated, this helps. On the Airbus front, you
should talk to them. But it's been a very popular product, as you know, they've
sold a lot of them. They are trying to meet all their customer's needs. This
deferral I think was consistent with that.

SCOTT KIRBY: Then we did defer four 787s last year. So,
we've -- (multiple speakers)

DOUG PARKER: So, it worked out well for us and presumably
worked out well for Airbus. But we did not -- we certainly didn't have to pay
any penalties for it.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Got it. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Mary Schlangenstein, Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN, MEDIA, BLOOMBERG NEWS: There have been
some kind of dire forecasts out of Europe -- European airlines on the impact on
travel demand from the terror incidents. Are you guys seeing anything? Or do
you expect to see anything from that?

SCOTT KIRBY: We don't have any way of knowing why bookings are
lower or why revenue is weaker. Europe is the one area that is going to
sequentially get worse in the third quarter than the second quarter. But
whether it's that or whether it's the economic weakness or whether it's Brexit
or whether it's just a currency impact or whether it's all the capacity growth,
there's a lot of things that could be driving it. It's probably all of the
above.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ted Reed, The Street.

TED REED, MEDIA, THE STREET: I have got two quick things. First
of all, at first Delta said, they were going to cut to UK by 6%, then United
said incremental cuts, and now you are saying no cuts to UK. So what's the
difference? Is it just that traffic's doing better than everybody thought?

SCOTT KIRBY: I don't think we said anything about what we're
going to do in the UK.

TED REED: Oh, what are you going to do in the UK? (laughter)

SCOTT KIRBY: We haven't said anything.

TED REED: All right. Another thing I wondered about is, I
was surprised -- people were surprised when you put the 787-9 on to go to
Madrid instead of to Asia. What was the thinking behind that?

SCOTT KIRBY: We've got a partner in Madrid with a hub there.
We just thought it was the right route to come. There's going to be 7-8's,
7-9's that will be flying to Asia, we've taken a lot of deliveries. They will
be coming, but starting it off, it worked for the aircraft rotation and worked
flying into one of our partner's hubs.

TED REED: All right, thank you.

DOUG PARKER: Thanks, Ted.

OPERATOR: That does conclude our question-and-answer
session. I would like to turn the conference back over to our speakers for any
additional or closing remarks.

DOUG PARKER: We have no additional or closing remarks, other
than, thank you. Please, let us know if you have any further questions. We
appreciate your time.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's presentation. We thank you
all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072216a6054962.762










 EXECUTIVES (93%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%); FINANCIAL RESULTS
(77%); COMPANY PROFITS (73%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (73%); PRESS
RELEASES (71%); PRICES (69%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (95%);

COWEN GROUP INC (72%);

UBS SECURITIES LLC (71%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (71%);

STEPHENS INC (70%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (58%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

WALL STREET JOURNAL (56%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (95%); COWN (NASDAQ) (72%); MS (NYSE)
(58%); DEUT (JSE) (58%); DBK (FRA) (58%); DBK (BIT) (58%); DBETN (JSE) (58%);
DB (NYSE) (58%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 August 3, 2016




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
22, 2016 Friday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 13384 words

Corporate Participants

* Dan Cravens

. - Managing Director, IR

* Doug Parker

. - Chairman & CEO

* Derek Kerr

. - EVP & CFO

* Scott Kirby

. - President

* Steve Johnson

. - EVP, Corporate Affairs

* Robert Isom

. - EVP & COO

Conference Call Participants

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analsyt

* Julie Yates

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Duane Pfennigwerth

Evercore - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS - Analyst

* Savi Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. - Analyst

* Mike Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Andrea Ahles

Fort Worth Star-Telegram - Media

* Susan Carey

The Wall Street Journal - Media

* Mary Schlangenstein

Bloomberg News - Media

* David Koenig

Associated Press - Media

* Jeffrey Dastin

Reuters - Media

* Edward Russell

Flightglobal - Media

* Ted Reed

TheStreet - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the American Airlines
Group first-quarter 2016 conference call. Today's conference is being recorded.

(Operator Instructions)

Now I would like to turn the conference over to your
moderator, Managing Director of Investor Relations Mr. Dan Cravens.

DAN CRAVENS, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Good morning, everyone and welcome to the American Airlines Group
first-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call today is
Doug Parker, our Chairman and CEO; Scott Kirby, our President; Derek Kerr, our
Chief Financial Officer. Also in the room for the question-and-answer session
is Robert Isom, the Chief Operating Officer; Elise Eberwein, our EVP of People
and communications; Bev Goulet, Chief Integration Officer; Maya Leibman, Chief
Information Officer; and Steve Johnson, our EVP of Corporate Affairs.

As is our normal practice we are going to start the call
today with Doug and he will provide an overview of our first-quarter 2016
financial results. Derek will then walk us through the details on the quarter
and provide some additional information on our guidance for the remainder of
the year. Scott will then follow with commentary on the revenue environment and
our operational performance. And then after we hear from those comments we will
open the call for analyst questions and lastly questions from the media.

Before we begin we must state that today's call does contain
forward-looking statements, including statements concerning future revenues and
costs, forecasts and capacity, traffic and load factor, fleet plans and fuel
prices. These statements represent our predictions and expectations as to
future events but numerous risks and uncertainties could cause actual results
to differ from those projected. Information about some of these risks and
uncertainties can be found in our earnings press release issued this morning
and our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.

In addition, we will be discussing certain non-GAAP
financial measures this morning such as net profit and CASM excluding unusual
items. A reconciliation of those numbers to the GAAP financial measures is
included in the earnings release and that can be found on our website at
AA.com.

The webcast of this call will also be archived on our
website. And the information that we are giving you on the call is as of
today's date. And we undertake no obligation to update the information
subsequently.

So thanks again for joining us this morning. At this point I
will turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO Doug Parker.

DOUG PARKER, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP
INC.: Thanks, Dan. Thanks to everybody for being on the call.

This morning we announced 2016 pre-tax earnings for the
first quarter excluding special items of $1.2 billion. That is slightly down
from our all-time record first-quarter earnings that were set in 2015. But of
more relevance to our shareholders, on an adjusted earnings per share basis EPS
actually grew 15% versus last year's records.

That of course is because our share count is lower due to
the share repurchase program we've had in place. And indeed absolute earnings would
have been slightly higher than last year's record instead of slightly lower,
except for the Company's unilateral decision to institute a profit-sharing
program for our employees beginning in 2016.

I know investors may question that decision, it's a big
decision. And the fact of the matter is we at American had attempted to
transform our industry's compensation structure consistent with our view that
our industry had been transformed. In short, we believe the best way, as most
industries do, to pay our hard-working team is to give them an industry-leading
base wage instead of lower wages and then give them a share of the profits at
the end of the year.

But as it became more clear over time that our competitors
were not going to do the same, it became a real issue for our team and
therefore for shareholders. And while the team understood the logic, we
couldn't get past a collective view amongst the team that the Company didn't
appreciate their contributions to the success of the team. And that certainly wasn't
the intent nor the view.

So we implemented a unilateral 5% profit-sharing program,
the first accrual of which is in these results. The accrual was $73 million for
our team. We're quite pleased with that and believe US shareholders should be
as well.

The fact of the matter is the announcement had the impact
that we had hoped. Our team is excited, they are engaged, they are intent upon
returning American to be the greatest airline in the world. And we're seeing it
in the results.

You can see it in the great job our team is doing of running
our airline, taking care of our customers. I want to begin by thanking them for
their continued hard work and everything they are doing to return American to
greatness and take care of our customers.

As to the share repurchase, we returned more than $1.6
billion to our shareholders in the first quarter. And our Board has authorized
a new $2 billion repurchase program that will expire at the end of 2017.

We're purchasing our shares because we are bullish on the
stock and our prospects for American. We think it's a great investment for a
couple of reasons: one, we continue to believe that the market does not seem to
fully appreciate the transformation that has taken place in this industry and
as a result we believe the industry is well undervalued; second, we think
American Airlines has more upside than anyone else in the industry.

We're not done with our integration. We are making
investments at a rate that no other airline has done in the past in the product
and in our people which will turn into our product. And that gives us upside
that others don't have.

So we're very bullish. But look, because we're bullish that
doesn't mean we are totally pleased with the current performance because we're
not. In particular, we're disappointed in our revenue performance on both an
absolute level and relative to some of our peers.

And Scott will take some time to explain the current
situation and the outlook. But just know that we don't view the current revenue
trends as either acceptable or long term. If we did we wouldn't be as bullish
as we are.

So with that said, I will turn it over to Derek to give you
a lot more details and then Scott will give you some color and then we will
take questions.

DEREK KERR, EVP & CFO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everybody. In our 10-Q and earnings press
release filed this morning we reported a first-quarter 2016 net profit
excluding net special charges of $765 million or $1.25 per diluted share. This
compares to 2015 net profit excluding net special charges of $1.2 billion, or
$1.73 per diluted share.

As we talked about on our last call, in the fourth quarter
of 2015 the Company concluded that realization of substantially all of the
deferred tax assets, principally net operating loss carryforwards or NOLs, was
more likely than not. This was the basis for the Company's strong financial
performance since the merger and expectations of financial sustained future
profitability. Accordingly, the Company reversed the valuation allowance on its
deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2015.

Starting with its first quarter of 2016 results, the Company
will be recognizing a provision for income tax that is substantially non-cash
due to its utilization of NOLs. For 2016, quarterly net profit will not be
comparable to net profit of 2015. As a result, we believe pre-tax profit
excluding net special items is a better measure for evaluating year-over-year
performance than net income.

On that basis, our first-quarter pre-tax profit excluding
net special charges was $1.22 billion which resulted in record first-quarter
pre-tax margin of 12.9%. This compares to our 2015 first-quarter pre-tax profit
excluding net special charges of $1.25 billion and a pre-tax margin of 12.7%.

As Doug talked about, excluding the effects of our special
items and the non-cash tax provision, our first-quarter 2016 adjusted fully
diluted EPS was up 15% to $1.99 per share, reflecting a 15% reduction in our
fully diluted average share count. Total capacity for the first quarter of 2016
was 65.1 billion ASMs, up 3.6% from the same period in 2015, with mainline
capacity up 3.1% and regional capacity was up 8.1%. We continue to make
significant investment in our fleet renewal program which has given the Company
the youngest and most modern fleet of the US network airlines.

By the end of this year we expect the average age of our
mainline fleet to fall below 10 years, well below any of our network
competitors. In the first quarter of 2016, the Company took delivery of 15 new
mainline aircraft while retiring 19 mainline aircraft. The Company also added
13 regional aircraft and removed three regional aircraft.

This program will continue throughout the year when we
expect to take delivery of 55 new mainline aircraft while adding 49 regional
aircraft. And to keep our capacity in check we expect to remove 86 mainline
aircraft and 23 regional aircraft from our fleet during the year.

Our first-quarter 2016 revenue continued to be negatively
impacted by competitive capacity increases, principally in certain domestic
markets, economic softness in Latin America and the impact of a stronger dollar
in foreign markets. For the quarter, total operating revenues were $9.4
billion, down 4% year over year. Passenger revenues were $8.1 billion, down
4.2%, driven by 7.1% lower yields on a 3.6% increase in system capacity.

Cargo revenues were down 16.8% to $162 million due primarily
to a 15.3% decline in yields on international freight. Other operating revenues
were relatively flat at $1.2 billion.

Total RASM in the first quarter of 2016 was $0.145, down
7.3%, driven principally by a decline in passenger RASM of 7.5% which Scott
will talk about in a minute. As Doug mentioned in his remarks, on March 23 we
introduced an employee profit-sharing program which will pay out 5% of pre-tax
profit excluding special items starting with our full-year 2016 results. This
program was retroactive to January 1 and accordingly we recognized $73 million
of profit-sharing expense in the first quarter.

The Company also accelerated a contractual mark-to-market
pay rate adjustment for the Company's flight attendants and reached agreement
with our dispatchers on a new contract in April. Costs associated with these
rate adjustments and the profit-sharing program will be included in our forward
CASM guidance that I will discuss later.

The first-quarter financial results continue to reflect the
significant savings from the year-over-year decline in jet fuel prices. Our
average mainline fuel price including taxes for the first quarter of 2016 was
down 34.1% to $1.20 per gallon. Total GAAP operating expenses were $8.1
billion, down 5.9% versus the same period last year, due primarily to the $607
million decrease in consolidated fuel expense.

Operating expenses excluding net special charges for the
first-quarter of 2016 were $8 billion, down 3.7% year over year. First-quarter
mainline CASM cost per ASM excluding net special charges was $0.1141, down 6.9%
year over year, due primarily to lower fuel cost. Excluding special items and fuel
our mainline cost per ASM was $0.0962 in the first quarter, up 1.4% year over
year.

This increase was due primarily to contractual labor rate
increases including for our customer service and res agents and the
introduction of our profit-sharing plan. These rate increases were offset in
part by maintenance timing and lower selling expenses.

Regional operating cost per ASM excluding special items and
fuel was $0.1611 for the first quarter of 2016, a decrease of 2.2% and our
consolidated first-quarter CASM was up 1%. We ended the first quarter with
approximately $9.4 billion in total available liquidity comprised of cash and
investments of $6.9 billion and a $2.4 billion undrawn revolver capacity.

The Company also had $691 million classified in restricted
cash. During the first quarter of 2016 we generated $2.6 billion of cash flow
from operations and paid $310 million in scheduled debt payments.

As a reminder, on our fourth-quarter earnings call we
provided our view on leverage and liquidity for American going forward.
Particularly we stated that in today's earnings and interest rate environment
liquidity was the most important metric we consider. Given our relative
leverage we expect to maintain a low liquidity level of at least $6.5 billion.

We also provided guidance with respect to where we are with
our fleet renewal program, access to attractive debt in the capital markets,
ongoing share repurchase programs and our belief that American will produce
sustained earnings. Our liquidity of $9.4 billion for the quarter end was up
from $8.7 billion at the end of 2015 and was well in excess of the $6.5 billion
liquidity we seek to maintain for the foreseeable future. As previously
mentioned, we believe it is important to retain liquidity levels higher than
our network peers given our overall leverage and that we have not yet completed
our fleet renewal program.

With respect to leverage, we look to metrics such as net
debt to EBITDAR and with our planned aircraft financing this year we continue
to expect that on this metric we will peak in 2016 and then begin to see this
decline each year going forward as our capital spending declines. In early
January the Company issued $1.1 billion in enhanced equipment trust
certificates at a blended rate just below 4%. The proceeds for this financing
were used to finance aircraft previously delivered in 2015.

The Company also raised approximately $4 billion -- or $400
million in other low-cost aircraft financing during the quarter. For the first
quarter the Company returned more than $1.6 billion to its shareholders through
the repayment of $61 million in quarterly dividends and the repurchase of $1.56
billion of common stock or 39.3 million shares. Since our capital return
program started in mid-2014, the Company has returned approximately $6.6
billion to shareholders through share repurchases of $6.1 billion and dividends
of $0.5 billion.

Including share repurchases, shares withheld to cover taxes
associated with employee equity awards and shares distributions and the cash extinguishment
of convertible debt, our share count has dropped 23% from 756.1 million at
merger close to 585.7 million shares on March 31, 2016. At the end of the
quarter the Company had approximately $850 million remaining on its current
authorization and as a result the Company's Board of Directors authorized a new
$2 billion share repurchase program that will expire at the end of 2017. On a
program-to-date basis, the Company's Board of Directors has authorized a total
of $9 billion of share repurchases.

Turning now to our 2016 guidance we continue to evaluate our
capacity and in our IR update issued two weeks ago we lowered full-year system
capacity guidance by half a point and are forecasting it to be up approximately
2.5%. Full-year domestic capacity growth is expected to be up approximately
2.5% and international has been reduced from 6% down to 2.5%. By quarter, the
first quarter is 62.6 billion -- or second quarter 62.6 billion, excuse me,
64.8 billion in the third, 58.9 billion in the fourth.

On a regional breakdown it's 8.01 billion in the second,
8.22 billion in the third and 8.08 billion in the fourth. On the cost side we
are forecasting year-over-year mainline CASM excluding special items and fuel
to be up approximately 3% to 5% with regional CASM excluding special items and
fuel is projected to be down approximately 3% to 5%. Mainline CASM in the first
and second quarter will be up between 4% and 6% and in the fourth quarter up 3%
to 5%.

Regional CASM will be down by approximately 4% to 6% in the
second quarter and down 3% to 5% in both the third and fourth quarter. Based on
the overall fuel curve of April 18, 2016 we expect to see another year with
significant year-over-year fuel savings. In the second quarter we expect $1.30
to $1.35, third quarter $1.36 to $1.41, fourth quarter $1.40 to $1.45.

On the regional side the second quarter we have $1.35 to
$1.40, third quarter $1.43 to $1.48 and the fourth quarter $1.47 to $1.52. And
based on these prices we expect our 2016 consolidated fuel expense to decrease
by approximately $1.6 billion year over year.

Using the midpoints of guidance we provided along with the
PRASM guidance that Scott will give we expect our second-quarter pre-tax margin
excluding special items to be between 14% and 16%. For capital expenditures we
still expect total gross aircraft CapEx to be approximately $4.5 billion of
which $1.2 billion will occur in the second quarter. For full-year 2016 we
expect to invest $1.2 billion for non-aircraft CapEx which includes investment
to improve our product and the operations.

So in conclusion, thanks to the efforts of our more than
100,000 team members we have strong first-quarter results which make an
excellent start to 2016. While we still have a lot of work to do to complete
our integration and our continued financial success has us well-positioned for
the years ahead. And with that I will turn it over to Scott.

SCOTT KIRBY, PRESIDENT, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
Thanks, Derek. And I'd like to start by thanking our operations team and the 100,000
people of American Airlines continue to make great strides and in fact the
first quarter was our best operational quarter since the merger closed.

Despite the fact that we're years behind our competitors in
starting the merger and integration process, we've already gotten to the point
where we're neck and neck for first place in departures and zeros which we view
as a primary metric for core operating reliability. And our other operating
metrics are showing improvement as well with mishandled baggage rates down over
20% year over year and significant improvements in completion factor. But we
know we can do even better.

We have many initiatives and technology projects underway to
further improve all of our operating metrics and are well on the path to
operating the best airline in the world. On the revenue front the first quarter
continued the challenging revenue environment with PRASM down 7.5%.
Domestically our consolidated PRASM was down 5.3%.

We saw the strongest performance year over year in Los Angeles,
Dallas, Ft. Worth and Chicago. The weakest performance once again was in Miami,
although that's still really a function of declining connecting revenues from
South America.

Internationally, the stronger US dollar and declining
international fuel surcharges made up 1.7 points of our total system PRASM
decline. So that is a smaller impact than we saw in fourth quarter as we're
beginning to overlap the dollar appreciation from last year.

The Atlantic was our best performing international region
with PRASM down 2.1%. While we're relatively pleased with that result we expect
capacity growth across the Atlantic this summer to drive some incremental
pressure in this region.

Across the Pacific PRASM was down 16% on 29% ASM growth with
continued weakness in both Japan and China but positive year-over-year PRASM in
South Korea. Latin PRASM was down 17% but as it has been for a while now, that
weakness is concentrated in Brazil and Venezuela where PRASM was down 39% and
48% respectively.

Looking forward, while the comps get easier in 2Q the
revenue environment remains challenging. We expect the revenue environment to
remain challenging throughout 2016 but longer term we feel quite positive about
all the initiatives we have in place to drive higher revenues including basic
and premium economy, a new revenue base frequent flyer program, $3 billion in
new product investments, our continued fleet modernization program and the best
people in the industry who are focused on delivering the best customer service.

We also recognize that the market is rightly concerned about
getting back to positive PRASM. And we're also focused on that as an explicit
internal goal. I think that timeline has unfortunately been pushed into next
year and some of the long-term initiatives I describe will make a big
difference in that regard in 2017.

But we'd also like to find ways to accelerate the positive
PRASM trends into this year?s. Doing so will require a fair level of sequential
improvement. One of the areas that we're focused on in the near term include
implementing a new demand forecasting system and yield management.

This initiative we know will ultimately produce much better
results, but as we've implemented this in the recent past we've had some one
step forward, two steps back issues with the new system. We are cautiously
optimistic that we're through some of the teething pains and in fact as we look
out into the summer our PRASM forecast for June and beyond looks much better
than April and May.

As most of you know, we're also in the middle of
negotiations for a new credit card deal. While I won't predict on this call
when or even if we'll get a deal done, all of our large competitors have done
new deals in the past couple of years and we expect a similar large tailwind
for American Airlines when we do ultimately get a new deal done.

Further, we also adjust capacity in a world where we see
declining demand. American Airlines was the slowest growing airline in the
United States last year and as you've seen for several quarters in a row we
continue to reduce our capacity plans in light of declining year-over-year
PRASM. So while we believe the long-term outlook is bright and even have some
near-term opportunities that could drive out performance, I know that many
people on this call are a little more focused just on 2Q revenues.

So for the second quarter, total scheduled capacity remains
elevated in all regions. And while capacity growth rates were down slightly
from the first-quarter level, total capacity is still growing faster than the economies
in all regions of the world. As we move into the back half of the year,
however, we still expect capacity growth rates to moderate further from the
first-half level.

As we experienced throughout 2015 we continue to see
significant year-over-year competitive growth in Dallas and we don't expect
that to moderate until September. And while the comps get easier, the economy,
currencies and revenue environment in Brazil and Venezuela both continue to
deteriorate on a sequential basis. Given all this we expect our system PRASM to
decline 6% to 8% year over year in the second quarter.

In conclusion, the near-term revenue environment remains
challenging. While we are delivering solid bottom-line results, we know that
getting back to PRASM growth is important to our near- and long-term future. To
do that, we are making smart investments in our products and continuing to
modernize our fleet.

We have an intense focus on improving our operations and are
starting to see the results in our operating metrics. And we're investing in
our people, our team members who are responsible for delivering great service
to our customers each and every day. In the near term we're focused on better
day-to-day execution and revenue management and getting our new yield
management system properly tuned.

When you put it all together we feel very good about the
foundation that we're building for the long term which will enable us to run
the world's best operation and drive higher revenues.

DOUG PARKER: Excellent. Thank you, Derek. Thank you, Scott.
Operator, we are ready to take any questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALSYT, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Scott, just a
question kind of on the PRASM environment and the messaging. I feel like it's
getting a little bit mixed and if you guys wanted to get to flat PRASM or
positive PRASM you could probably do it next quarter but you're not because
that capacity is earnings and cash flow accretive. So can you just talk about
in an environment where you did reduce capacity, what would cash flow look like
and what are you doing with the incremental cash flow you're getting from the
capacity growth?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, first, I don't think it's that simple. I
think American Airlines unilaterally reducing capacity wouldn't get us PRASM
positive on its own and it's going to require more than that. It's going to
require a lot of the kinds of things that I talked about in my prepared
remarks.

There are some near-term things that we're focused on,
particularly in the yield management area, and a lot of the longer-term
investments and initiatives are the kind of things that are going to get us not
just back to positive PRASM growth but hopefully recovering what we've lost in
2015 and 2016 and get back to actual real PRASM growth. We're not in a world
where we're saying keep capacity in place just taking a near-term perspective
on cash flow or anything else. We are focused on getting to cash flow or PRASM
positive.

You see us, I don't know how many quarters in a row, six or
seven quarters in a row where we have reduced capacity. But I don't think
capacity is a simplistic button to push that will just magically turn CASM
positive.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. And then, Doug, just on the decision
on the profit-sharing side of this, have you seen -- are you expecting benefits
operationally from improved employee engagement? Is that part of this or is it
just you had to do this so just cost of doing business at this point?

DOUG PARKER: Well, Joseph, we're not going to try to point
to anything where you're going to see absolute improvement. What I can tell you
is this, we lost part of the team. And it's really important, particularly at
this airline given the future -- given the history that the team had gone through
and given what we're trying to accomplish to pull everyone together and help
them understand that indeed it's different, much like we're trying to with
every one of our partners help them understand the world is different.

What had happened is we had lost a part of the team not
because -- they understood analytically the argument we laid out and that we've
laid out for you and that we've laid out all the time and it certainly passed
our look them in the eye test which is important to us. We all talk about our
team; we need to go look our employees in the eye and tell them why we made a
decision and we can do that extremely well.

We just didn't like the look we were getting back on this
one. The employees got it with their brains but they didn't get it in their
hearts. And it really felt like, again, largely because while our other --
well, while our competitors kind of were moving in our direction they weren't
going to the point that we had. And other airlines had in place these
profit-sharing programs and we did not, and it felt to our team like we --
while they understood, again, the logic, felt as though we weren't appreciating
their contribution to the bottom line which is the last thing we were trying to
accomplish.

So what we realized is if we were going to really get our
team engaged and excited which is an imperative to accomplishing all we want to
accomplish and all the things Scott talked about that we are working on to get
-- to compete against the other airlines and particularly for premium travelers,
we have to have our team engaged and excited. And this was holding us back. So
I firmly believe it's in our shareholders? best interest to do it. We wouldn't
have done it otherwise.

We have indeed seen an uplift in engagement and excitement
because of this. Not so much I don't think because of the actual dollars
involved just because it proved what our employees wanted to believe, that
indeed it is different and that we will listen and that we will do things when
-- even though we've taken strong positions, if it gets to the point that we
think it's not working we're willing to revisit those decisions.

So all those things have had a positive impact on the team.
I think that's good -- I know it's good for our shareholders. It's impossible
to quantify and it's also early.

The real challenge for the team is to now build on it. This
is temporary. While the profit-sharing will stay in place, the feeling of
instituting profit-sharing is not going to stay in place.

It will become just -- I imagine over time just part of
everyone's compensation and the way they view it. And our challenge is now to
use it to go do the things that we want to go do as an airline and put in place
the product with the people that do their job so well that we want to. So just
a long way of me saying it wasn't an easy decision but I know it's the right
decision for our shareholders.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. Thanks, Doug.

OPERATOR: Julie Yates, Credit Suisse.

JULIE YATES, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: The trans-Atlantic
PRASM down just 2% was really quite impressive compared to peers. What are the
primary factors there and how do you expect that to trend into Q2?

SCOTT KIRBY: We had a good quarter. Some of that is true-ups
that happened at the end of the year or the previous year, so some of our
out-performance this quarter was really true-ups from earlier quarters which
means our earlier-quarter performance would've been better. We expect that to
get a little bit worse in the second quarter.

Demand across the trans-Atlantic, though, particularly in
light of the Brussels tragedy has remained pretty strong and pretty resilient.
There is a lot of capacity coming, however, so I expect to take a downturn
going forward. But core demand still seems pretty good across the Atlantic.

JULIE YATES: Okay, and Scott, can you comment on advance
booking trends in corporate versus leisure and whether you're seeing the same
positive trends in advance summer yields domestically that Delta called out
last week?

SCOTT KIRBY: Yes, we hit a -- I'll go back a little bit. We
hit a little bit of a rough patch in February and March where corporate demand
in particular seemed a little weak and I think a lot of airlines -- well, every
airline tended to see that. I think -- actually, I think there's two reasons
for that as near as I can hypothesize, both of which have gotten better now, so
that's the good news.

The first one is we had a stock market that dropped,
whatever it dropped, 10% or 12%, and as we've said before, on a headline basis
whether it should or not, that does affect travel demand, particularly
corporate travel demand, which it?s easy to go, when you start to get worried
rein in your travel and entertainment budget. And so I do think that was one of
the factors and it appears that as the market has come back, that close-in
booking demand has gotten stronger.

Another thing that happened which got talked about a little
bit on our earnings call the last time, we got asked a question about
AAdvantage fares which I know many people on this call think or were worried
was problematic. And I declined to answer it on the last call. The reason I
declined to answer it was because there were no AAdvantage fares in the market
at the time.

None of the airlines had AAdvantage fares. They had all been
canceled. So I didn't want to talk about it.

We went for about three months with no AAdvantage fares in
the market. That three-month period actually coincided with the relative
decline in revenue expectations across mostly all airlines. We were starting to
wonder if our decision to cancel AAdvantage fares was really the correct
revenue decision.

But before we had made a final decision on that, one of our
competitors presumably concluded that it was also the wrong decision and put
them back. So they have been back in the market now for a couple of weeks. And
the combination of those two things means that in the last couple of weeks
we've actually seen strengthening close-in demand, not just absolute demand but
booked revenue, so we actually feel better about the revenue environment than we
would have, say, three to four weeks ago.

On the domestic front I know that some have talked about
advanced booked yields being up. That's true for us, too. Our booked yields
domestically for May, June, July, and August are up year over year for all those
months.

But I don't want to mislead anyone because that's been true
for the past several months. The issue has not really been about advanced
booked yields. We've had advanced booked yields domestically up; it's been
about weak close-in yields.

And there still is weakness in close-in yields, although we
do have a pretty strong demand environment and bookings are up a lot year over
year. But the yield is tending to fall as we get closer to departure.

JULIE YATES: Okay, very helpful color. Thanks, Scott.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN CHASE & CO.: Hey, Scott,
just following up on your last point, if we look at the domestic fare
structure, it looks pretty sloppy to me. I don't really care how we got here
but the fares that I'm being asked to pay, particularly close-in and, to your
point, they strike me as stupidly low. Notwithstanding airlines? recalcitrance
to discuss pricing, what is potentially wrong with the structure?

Is it multi-segment itineraries that are pricing too low? Is
it the junk fares that have been popping up in markets where discounters don't
even exist? Is it something about minimum stay requirements?

The reason I ask is not in regards to what you might do
differently. It's what we might be looking for, keeping an eye out for in terms
of change as opposed to just monitoring for plain-vanilla fare increases?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, I won't use the term wrong because of the
connotations that has. But the fare environment has changed over the last
couple of decades. One of the big ? probably, I think the biggest change has
been the lack of pricing fences.

So historically airlines had a 14-day advance purchases with
Saturday night stays. And that was an effective way to segment demand and offer
business travelers a great product, high frequency, the ability to book last
minute, but also to be able to offer leisure fares that could fill the empty
seats on airplanes that were below the average cost of flying the airplanes but
could fill what would have otherwise been empty seats and would have
effectively segmented demand.

Really, because of the growth of low-cost carriers, those
pricing fences have broken down across the board and have lots of zero AP
fares, lots of one-way fares. And more than anything, that's what I think has
driven lower fares for business travel and for close-in traffic. Now, the ways
to combat that and to drive higher fares, basic and premium economy are two of
the, really, I think, big levers for American Airlines in doing that.

We're not going to have that really in place until next
year. But today when we wind up having to be competitive with others and so we
have low fares in the market that have very few restrictions on them and there
is no reason for a customer to pay more. And we're going to -- you get the
exact same product whether you buy a $41 walk-up fare or a $900 walk-up fare.

And we're going to change that and we're going to have
different products. And the more you are paying, the better benefits you are
going to get. That's one of the really big things that we can do.

Part of that -- part and parcel of that is investing in the
product and having a great product that customers are actually willing to pay
for and pay more for. So for those customers who aren't commodity customers
--we have a lot of our customers who are commoditized, but for those customers
who are not commoditized we can sell them a better product and be appropriately
compensated for that.

You also see changes going on in the industry like the stuff
about fare combinability which for the most part has been rolled back now. But
those are -- the fare combinability is an artifact of history that goes back to
the 1960s when GDSs were first built and has had unintended consequences as the
pricing environment changed.

So the fact that those kinds of changes are happening even
if they happen in a fitful one step forward, two steps back kind of process are
actually long term encouraging to me because we're moving to a world where
we're getting away from just commoditizing the price of the product and getting
to we will sell a commoditized product for some customers but for other
customers we will be able to decommoditize the product. And that's not going to
happen overnight, that's not going to happen this year, but we're on a good path
to get there and that's a big structural change.

JAMIE BAKER: All right, helpful. And then a quick
housekeeping question. Derek, there were reports in the last couple of weeks
about stepped-up hedging by airlines. It wasn't even clear that the unnamed airlines
were even in the United States. But I do feel compelled to ask, any changes in
terms of American's no-hedge policy?

DEREK KERR: No changes at this time.

JAMIE BAKER: Okay, just checking. Thank you, gentlemen.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Hi, gentlemen.
Thanks for the time. Scott, you talked a fair amount about just benefits from
yield management, cabin segmentation, credit card, etc.

To the extent that you have those in place today or at some
point going forward, what would pricing actually look like? Would you be more
flattish, would it be positive? That's the first question.

And then the second question just on the domestic side, what
sort of capacity growth does the industry need to see it actually have more
stable pricing? Clearly the numbers we're seeing today aren't cutting it. But
just your thoughts there on all that would be great.

SCOTT KIRBY: So on the second part of the question I'm just
going to say I can't answer that on what industry capacity growth [predicted]
and just say that, look, we've tried to do what's best for American Airlines,
as I said. We always try to give you guys the best 50-50 forecast that we can
on our outlook for capacity growth. And in a world where we continue to see
PRASM declines, even though earnings been growing for many quarters in a row,
in a world of negative PRASM, we view that as indicative of supply and demand
being misbalanced and so as a result we've cut capacity historically.

Turning to those other items, you know, they are really hard
to quantify. A credit card deal I'm not going to try to quantify. You can look
to what other deals have been done and make your own guess as to what the
American Airlines deal will be.

The American Airlines loyalty program and our partnerships
with Citi and Barclays, we have the largest and best loyalty program in the
world and we're very proud of that and we have two great partners today and
we're looking forward to making that even better for American Airlines, for our
customers and for our bank partners. On the other items, some of those things
are longer term like basic economy, premium economy, those are really 2017
initiatives for next year. Again, hard to quantify on.

In the yield management area those -- that's the kind of
thing where we ultimately get everything completed that we're working on. It's
probably -- it's again impossible to know for sure, but probably worth 2 to 3
points of PRASM, at least I think it should be worth 2 to 3 points of PRASM.
But it's also hard to know when you will finish that.

You put a new yield management system in place, you're
replacing something that's been there for 25 years, you're going to get to a
better position in the end, but all the patches and things that have been built
into the system for the past 25 years to fix this problem or that problem or
this place that didn't work well, you rip off all those Band-Aids and so you do
take a few steps back sometimes before you can really get the system tuned and
running. And that's frankly a continuous process. It never finishes.

But we're right in the middle of starting a conversion
process. So it's probably more challenging for us in the short term than it
would be in a normal stated time. But I think the improvements to yield
management ultimately should be worth 2 to 3 points for us.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Thanks, and if I can squeeze in one quick
one for Derek. I think I know the answer to this, but as far as your peers,
they have stepped up some aircraft orders recently because of regional issues
or just better pricing from the OEMs.

Where are you guys on all of that? I know you've had some
regional issues but you also have the big order books. Just some quick color
would be great.

DEREK KERR: Yes, there's no change to our order book. I think
we have a significant amount of aircraft coming in in this year, 2017, 2018,
2019. So I think we have the order that's in place that needs to be there. So
where there's no change to our order book going forward, we'll always be
looking at opportunities. But at this point in time, no change to the order
book going forward.

DOUG PARKER: Let me just use that to make a plug. The reason
why we're looking for new orders, as Derek said, we have a large order book and
we've brought in a lot of new airplanes. Our team has just done -- one of the
things we don't talk about enough, I think, is the great job our team has done
of modernizing this fleet. Robert Isom and his team are inducting a new plane
almost every four days, or about every four days, and retiring an older one.

The result is the American Airlines fleet now is down right
around 10 years on average, which is lower than any of our peers and well lower
than some of our peers, and shrinking. When we did the merger, we had the
second oldest fleet of the four largest airlines; now we have the youngest.
That's happened -- that's because we've lowered our fleet age over time. This
is something the others -- that we're ahead of the others on. We're happy about
that. It's a product advantage. It's also a future capital allocation
advantage.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Thanks for all the time, Doug, Scott, and
Derek.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Hi, guys, thank you
very much. Two questions. Hey, Doug or Scott, or anybody.

DOUG PARKER: There's a lot of us here, Hunter. What have you
got?

HUNTER KEAY: Yes. Okay, good. Well then, Doug, why do you
think we care so much about PRASM? And if you were on the buy side how would
you think about PRASM when making an investment decision?

DOUG PARKER: You're asking me why I think you think what you
think?

HUNTER KEAY: That's right. That's exactly what I'm asking.

DOUG PARKER: Okay, I'll do my best. Look, Hunter, you all
have to -- you have customers that care about near term and you have some that
care about long term.

We care more about the long term; I think that's the only
difference. And again, I wouldn't say the difference -- look, we care like
crazy about our revenue trends in the near term and what they look like next
quarter.

We just -- I think I have a sense we don't care as much as
some of your investors. But look, if I was an investor who had a short-term
horizon on trading, I would care about what tomorrow's revenues look like. And
that's a lot of who you have to deal with and those are our shareholders and we
care about them as well.

But our job is to maximize long-term shareholder value. And
that doesn't mean at all that we ignore the near term and none of us would
suggest that we are. But this is what I tried to say in my comments, just
because we're bullish about the future don't take that to mean we're entirely
pleased with the current environment because we're not.

We just happen to believe that the long-term prospects for
the stock are not reflected in the current price. And maybe that's because
there's too much focus on the near term or maybe it's just because we're wrong.
I don't know.

So look, that is for you all to decide. Our job is to run
the airline for the long term. We are very excited about the long term.

We are not pleased with the current term. Again, I shouldn't
say we're not pleased. We're actually -- making $1.2 billion in a quarter is
not something we're unhappy about.

But our job is to maximize shareholder value. And we know
there are things that can be done better. And particularly, as Scott had noted,
on the revenue environment we think there are brighter days ahead but we're not
pleased with where we are now.

It's not where we expected to be at this point. None of us
were looking out a year ago and thinking we'd see these kinds of revenue
declines. But I'm also happy to report that if someone were to have projected
these kind of revenue declines I don't think they would've projected $1.2
billion in earnings.

So I don't know, it's a long answer and I'm not sure I can
tell you why you think what you think, Hunter. But I can tell you what we think
and what we think is the near term is really important but so is the long term.
And it seems at times that we focus -- that you all have to focus more on the
near term than we do.

And so I don't think that's inconsistent. I don't think
that's a disconnect. I just think it's a different perspective of time horizon.

HUNTER KEAY: Yes. Well, I think when your long-term
shareholders have their stocks go down 25% they become near term as well --

DOUG PARKER: No kidding. Absolutely --

HUNTER KEAY: It's okay. I want to get more in. So this is a
question for Scott.

So you talk about some of these initiatives to clean up some
of the fares and that's good. But they seem like they are value add -- they are
value add for sure but they also seem a little bit transactional. So this
industry, Scott, has a track record of making really good transformational
changes when things are really painful and bad.

So I'm wondering why we're using a pricing system that dates
back to the 1980s based on algorithms that might not even apply anymore when
the industry structure has completely overhauled. So is it time to start
thinking transformational stuff here in terms of how you price your ticket?
Maybe it's a five-year initiative, I don't know, but why are we using a pricing
system built in the 1980s for an industry that is now completely different than
it used to be when this stuff was designed?

SCOTT KIRBY: I will do my best to answer the question. I'm
not 100% sure what you mean by transformational. I think we are doing things
that maybe they are not big enough to be called transformational but they are
certainly evolutionary.

Things like basic economy, premium economy I'll put in the
transformational bucket. Even things like getting rid of -- changing fare
combinability and trying to get a better pricing structure through eliminating
fare combinability has the potential to be transformational. We're stuck to
some degree with, we still sell a huge percentage of our tickets through GDSs
and through even our own reservation systems, systems that were built and
architected in the 1960s.

And this fare combinability is one of those things, you
know? It's just built into the hardwiring of the system. And when we eliminate
it for good reason we create some unintended consequences with things like
multi-city ticketing and others.

We're running hard -- we're not the only one, other
airlines, too, are running hard to change the way we price and to be able to do
things to, in particular, I think, decommoditize the product and change the way
airline pricing has worked historically. But we're working with these old
mainframe systems and it takes us time to get that done.

It's not just us, it takes our partners time. It takes Sabre
time; it takes Amex GlobalTravel time, all the changes because we're working in
these old systems. And it's frustrating to us that we can't get these things
done quicker because of great ideas about how to sell the product more
effectively, about how to be able to at the same airplane compete with Spirit
Airlines and at the same time sell tickets to our premium customers who want a
better product than they could ever possibly get on an airline like Spirit.

But we're not going to get there tomorrow. We are running in
that direction but it's going to take time to get there.

HUNTER KEAY: Okay, thanks.

OPERATOR: Duane Pfennigwerth, Evercore ISI.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH, ANALYST, EVERCORE: Thank you. On the
profit-sharing you're accruing, and I would assume that for your unionized
employees you would need an approval there, can you talk about the timeline for
those approvals and if there's a chance that after accruing you don't have to
pay it?

DOUG PARKER: Hey, Duane. I will let Steve give you the
specifics as to where we are because frankly I'm not certain myself. But the
fact of the matter is we announced a plan that did not ask our unions to do
anything in exchange for it.

So it's a Company profit-sharing plan that doesn't require
any negotiations, it simply requires the unions to agree to put, if they choose
to, to put language in their contract, basically a side letter that says we
will participate in whatever the Company's plan is and that's what we've asked
them to do. I can't imagine a union would not want to put such language in
their contracts but that's how it works. This is not a negotiation.

The Company has a plan and we are required for, of course,
with our collective bargaining groups to if we make any changes to the
compensation for them to agree to it. But in this case all they are agreeing to
is to accept the profit-sharing, not to be asked to do anything else. So Steve,
are they all done?

STEVE JOHNSON, EVP, CORPORATE AFFAIRS, AMERICAN AIRLINES
GROUP INC.: Not all done yet but I expect them to fall in line. Several of the
unions have agreed already. A couple of the unions are reviewing the plan and
have internal governance to take care of and then four of our unions are still
in the process of negotiating joint collective bargaining agreements that will,
I think, obtain the agreement as part of those negotiations.

DOUG PARKER: I think it would be a big mistake to assume
that we would not pay these. It would be more likely to assume that some union
officials get tossed out if we don't pay them. So they are going to be paid as
they should be.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: That certainly would be looking a gift
horse in the mouth. Thanks for that detail.

And then Scott, if you could just talk big picture, I'd love
to hear your thoughts on the relationship between fuel prices and revenue. Do
you think a higher fuel curve accelerates that timeline for positive PRASM even
if capacity doesn't change? Thanks for taking the questions.

SCOTT KIRBY: I do think that there is a pretty strong
[inverse] correlation between fuel price and revenue. Look, you can go back and
look over the past, really going all the way back to, I think, before the
financial crisis and you've seen oil prices go up, you've seen fares go up with
a lag, with a three- to six-month lag.

A lot of times that lag, I think part of that is that you
wind up with less capacity which is completely rational. You wind up with less
capacity when oil prices go up and that leads to a move in the supply curve
which leads to higher prices. I was disappointed when oil prices fell but that
link went the other direction as well, it did, and when oil prices fell supply
went up and fares went down.

I think that is going to be in place going forward. And kind
of going back to the earlier question, I think the investor focus and worry
about PRASM is appropriate but essentially it is a worry that that link won't
exist. It's easy to say oil prices -- earnings are good right now, but what if
oil prices go up and revenues don't go up along with it?

And I think that's really -- I would characterize the
investor worry about PRASM and I think it's one of the important points for
investing in airlines. If you believe that, it's a pretty easy investment; if
you don't believe that, it's a harder investment. I happen to believe it.

We all here believe it pretty strongly. I mean, it's only a
glimmer but even if you look at this quarter oil prices have gone up, they are
still at really low levels. But as they've gone up across this quarter,
essentially every airline that I've read the transcript for so far did
something to talk about reducing capacity.

Those two things, I think, are correlated. And it's rational
and so I think that we will see that link and if oil prices go up that revenues
will go up as well. And I think that's sort of key to the investment thesis if
you're an airline investor.

If you believe that it's a pretty easy story to say yes. And
if you don't believe that, I get the focus on near-term PRASM and the worry
about near-term PRASM.

DOUG PARKER: And Duane, it's Doug. If I can, all I want to
add to that is I should have included that as part of my response to Hunter. I
think to Hunter's question, why is there -- to the extent there is a
disconnect, it's that.

And I think I tried to say that, but I didn't articulate
that point. The focus on near-term PRASM, I think we look at -- I think
investors look at that and think, my gosh, if oil prices go up what's this
going to look like? And we believe if oil prices goes up it won't look like
this.

So I think that's as much as anything. And I should have
made that more explicit in my response to Hunter.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: And I guess just taking a step back from
PRASM, if you're just looking at the sequential revenue trends, just passenger
revenue sequentially, with a very low but still modestly higher fuel price, I'd
say we're still kind of waiting for that inflection. And so I think it's just a
timing issue would be my guess.

SCOTT KIRBY: And look, particularly if you're looking at the
second quarter, it will take into the third quarter. It has been a three- to
six-month lag because if you start to see oil prices go up you're not going to
turn off the schedule tomorrow. But the next schedule change that you're
looking out three, four months in advance is where you start to prune that
marginal flight out. That made sense when oil was $35 a barrel, but no longer
makes sense when oil is $50 a barrel.

DUANE PFENNIGWERTH: Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: Thanks, operator.
Good morning, guys, thank you for the time. Doug, this is my question to you.

When you think about the capacity adjustments that you guys
have made over the last couple of years in markets in which you've reduced
capacity, I get the sense that some of the lower cost guys are coming in and
backfilling that. And even on the North Atlantic you're starting to see
low-cost providers like Norwegian come in and backfill capacity that you guys
have taken out. So don't you run the risk if you shrink too much of giving up
traffic share, that your traffic share winds up falling below your seat share
in some of these markets?

DOUG PARKER: Helane, thanks for addressing that to me, but
Scott will probably end up doing most of the answering. But I will answer from
just a larger perspective. Of course not, we don't look to seat share as our
measure of -- as a success factor.

What we look to is where we're profitable. So to the extent
what you're saying is true, which I'm not certain we'd agree with, but to the
extent that was true, we would say, well, we're not here to try and have a
revenue share or to be the largest. We're here to be the most profitable and
the best.

So if indeed that's the case, that we were unprofitable and
when we -- and we therefore reduced service to a market and it was later
replaced by someone else, that's what's supposed to happen. We couldn't be
profitable there and someone else wants to give it a shot; that's what
competition is. So I wouldn't be particularly concerned by that but I'm also
not certain we agree with the premise as much as stated. Scott, anything to
add?

SCOTT KIRBY: Yes, look, we're always -- our capacity
decisions are about maximizing profitability. And when we're doing that we do
think about what the consequences of our capacity changes will be and what our
competitors will do. And it would be naive not to think of that.

For the most part, those two things are exactly the same. We
assume our competitors are going to basically be doing what they are doing
irregardless of us and therefore our capacity decision is just about what is
going to happen with our profitability. And we're not looking at somebody is
going to try to backfill it or market share changes.

It's unusual to look at that. If there's one place that's
become an exception to that that we continue to reduce capacity here, it's been
in South America where we could see this disaster, catastrophic numbers coming
and started to get -- tried to get ahead of the curve on reducing capacity
pretty significantly and saw a lot of competitors grow -- continue to grow
double digits.

Now, the good news is that appears to have stopped. It's
gotten bad enough in Brazil in particular that everyone is deciding to shrink.
But I was frankly surprised at the competitive reaction in a place where you're
having RASM declines of 40% two years in a row to see that.

And almost everywhere else we look at the world and just say
here is --whatever is best for American Airlines is going to be the same no
matter what the competitive response is.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, thank you. Then just on -- just sort of
a maintenance-related item on the maintenance costs being down 15%, I'm
assuming that's with the new fleet and there's nothing -- and that's like a new
run rate of a quarterly spend or was there something in the quarter that made
it be down more given the shift in the fleet age, blah blah blah?

DOUG PARKER: Part of it is that and then also there's some
timing. It will be higher in the second quarter but it's just timing of engine
overhauls and aircraft overhauls in the first quarter, there were fewer there
than there will be throughout the year.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS: Hi guys, thanks for the time.
So just a follow-up on some of the comments you made around what you think is
investors concern about revenue perhaps decoupling from oil in the longer term.

You know I guess I just wonder how you sort of apply that
logic today? Because I mean if we just were to think about for instance the
domestic environment in the second quarter you saw about a 6.5% revenue decline
domestically and I appreciate that DPIJ is probably playing a role. But maybe
you still have a mid-single-digit decline in your unit revenue in Q1.

And that's on an industry capacity growth number that's
adjusted for leap year and the domestic market of about 5%. And so if I go back
and look historically, domestic airline revenue has grown at something like US
nominal GDP. So if you have kind of a low sort of single-digit, low to
mid-single-digit underlying revenue trend as a result of just general economic
activity and you couple that with a 5% supply growth number than I guess I
would have expected something more like a low single-digit kind of RASM decline
as opposed to a mid-single-digit RASM decline.

So just I guess, sorry for the long-winded question, but I
think the worry here isn't so much that capacity decisions have decoupled from
fuel. It's more that pricing seems to have decoupled from what's going on with
capacity and I think we're all just struggling to understand that.

SCOTT KIRBY: I understand the concern. The first quarter
sort of I guess across the industry domestically was weaker than I think you
would have thought fundamentals would suggest. For us RASM, consolidated
domestic RASM was down 5.3%.

I think you referred to the mainline number. But a 5% PRASM
decline, even a couple of points of that is coming from DPIJ, thought it was
better. I really do think, I think it was the first question on the call, I'd
go back to I think there were two big things that caused the first quarter to
be worse than it otherwise would have been.

One was a temporary change in the pricing structure where
AAdvantage fares were gone and now they are back. And second was we had a drop
in corporate travel demand mid-quarter that coincided with the decline in the
stock market and we've seen that happen before and it comes back. That's the
bad news.

The good news is we've moved into April close-in demand, as
those two things have changed close-in demand actually has picked up pretty
well. So our fingers are crossed that we're going to be back to a more normal
trend line of the relationship between supply, demand and revenue.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay, thanks for that. And then I guess
Doug I know you don't have as much of a crystal ball as maybe we expect you to
sometimes but a couple of quarters ago on your Q3 call oil was at kind of a
similar level as it is today, maybe a dollar or two a barrel cheaper -- sorry,
dollar or two a barrel more expensive but generally in the same ballpark.

And at the time you said you thought that there was a
reasonable potential that margins would be down this year but that you would
expect a pretty good opportunity for margin expansion in 2017. Just wondering
if that's still the way you view the world?

DOUG PARKER: Yes, what I know I said, and I'm not arguing
the way you characterized it, based on what I don't want to get into the
business of forecasting margins from year-to-year. At the time what we were
talking about was a real concern on people's part that indeed you might see
declines in 2016 versus 2015 and at least articulated by some as a concern that
we had peaked as an industry. And what I was trying to point out at that time
was that wasn't our view.

Indeed what I said was what we believed when I said it I'm
pretty sure it was 2015 had this phenomenon of incredibly quickly falling fuel
prices that fell so fast that capacity couldn't catch it. And in a sense the
2015 results because of that were higher than one would expect them to be in
the long term.

So while you might see, therefore, declines into 2016 and
margins, you shouldn't view that as the industry had peaked, rather you should
view that is kind of a one-time spike in margins in the industry and that they
would normalize in 2016 to a level higher than 2014 which by the way it appears
they are going to and therefore one shouldn't assume that they would continue
to fall from 2016 into 2017. So I think all that is still true but I'm not
going to try to make a forecast on 2017 for you because I don't know. But
that's what I was trying to point out, that 2015, the fact that 2016 was going
to be lower than 2015 which it's turned out to be I certainly wouldn't view as
some sort of cyclical issue as opposed to rather than this kind of spike that
we had in 2015.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay, thanks very much, guys. I appreciate
the time.

OPERATOR: Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES, INC.:
Hey, good morning. I know you've provided a little bit of this color in part as
the transatlantic and domestic market, but I wonder if you could walk through a
little bit about the potential progression or just the headwinds and the
tailwinds by region assuming current demands and trends persist?

SCOTT KIRBY: Sure. So expect the transatlantic to get a
little worse and actually all other regions to get a little better. So domestic
our forecast is for it to get better moving into the second quarter, same for
Pacific, not a lot but a little better, and same for Atlantic or for Latin.
Latin is really based on the comps are getting a lot easier but all regions
with the exception of the Atlantic getting modestly better in the second
quarter than the first.

SAVI SYTH: And as you look to the second half?

SCOTT KIRBY: Second half we don't have a precise forecast
but I think that the trend will continue that all regions will get better in
the second half, all four regions will continue to progress better because the
capacity environment progress is better I think in the third and fourth
quarter. And as a result I expect every one of those regions to continue to
sequentially improve from the second to the third to the fourth quarter.

SAVI SYTH: Got it. And then if I might ask, I apologize if I
missed this, but you've been making investments in improving operations,
particularly in Dallas I believe. I was just wondering if you could give an
update on how that's progressing and maybe what more might be needed?

ROBERT ISOM, EVP & COO, AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC.:
This is Robert Isom. Yes, we've been making considerable investments and seeing
payoff. And as Scott noted in his opening remarks the best indication of that
is operating performance in terms of departing and arriving on time and also
baggage performance as well.

So the corresponding impact of that is obviously if your
mis-connected passengers and mis-connected and lost bags as well. Completion
factors are higher. A lot of that is as a result of investments that we've made
that have been put in place in regard to ground equipment, process changes,
people.

And then as we look forward into the future you're going to
see some benefits from technology changes as well that will really help as we
try to tackle issues when operational disruptions occur. So all positive on
that front.

SAVI SYTH: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Mike Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MIKE LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Hey guys, good
morning. Just two quick ones here. To Scott, I guess Derek in his opening
remarks talked about certain domestic markets seeing competitive pressures and
driving lower revenue.

You called out Dallas. What are some of the other hotspots
in the market? And then just with respect to close-in demand in April, I know
you said that it's picking up, is that more of a function of volumes or are you
also seeing better close-in demand yields or are we still seen corporate travel
demands under pressure? Thanks.

SCOTT KIRBY: So I guess from a capacity perspective Dallas
is the only place that I would call out domestically. But it's also one of our
best-performing year-over-year hubs. I think it just would have been really,
really good, Dallas economy despite energy is doing well, and I think it would
have been really gangbuster had it not been for the large capacity growth here
at DFW or in Dallas actually mostly at Love Field, it wasn't at DFW. And what
was the second part of the question?

MIKE LINENBERG: Just you had talked about close-in demand
picking up in April. And the question is is that really more volumes are
picking up or are you seeing improvement in you yield? Because our sense is
that yields are under pressure because of waning corporate travel.

SCOTT KIRBY: Yes, we are not seeing a pickup in yield. It is
improvement, it's certainly improvement in volume. But the revenue environment,
the booked revenues are also improving relative to where they were in February
and March.

In February and March we had the same yield issue that we
have right now. So that really was no different but we also had weak volumes.
So we still have weak year-over-year yields but unlike February and March where
we had weak year-over-year yields and weak year-over-year volumes at least now
we have higher year-over-year volumes.

MIKE LINENBERG: Great, thanks for the clarification. Thanks
guys.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we would like
to open up the floor for questions from the media.

(Operator Instructions)

Andrea Ahles, Fort Worth Star-Telegram.

ANDREA AHLES, MEDIA, FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM: Hello, Doug,
good morning. Scott, I was wondering if you could actually elaborate a little
bit more on what you were talking about with Dallas and the capacity that's
gone on at Love Field.

I mean since September was when you think it's going to
stabilize but can you talk about are your yields doing well at DFW? Or are you
still seeing sort of what you were mentioning, the weak demand that you had in
February and March?

SCOTT KIRBY: Yes, fares are lower in Dallas than they were
last year. And the growth at Love Field, the last big tranche of growth was
September of last year. And so when we get to September of this year we will
have overlapped the growth.

But fares are lower in Dallas. It's a great time if you are
a traveler in Dallas to get out and go somewhere. There's some really
attractive prices.

ANDREA AHLES: And with the AAdvantage fares that were not in
the market to customers, are they now back in the market, particularly in the
DFW area?

SCOTT KIRBY: They are.

ANDREA AHLES: They are? All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: Susan Carey, Wall Street Journal.

SUSAN CAREY, MEDIA, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: On the
AAdvantage fare thing, can I just can you remind me I thought that was like a
proprietary thing that US Airways had which was sort of a cheaper ticket for a
connection but you're talking about it almost like it's a generic thing now.
Could you explain that to me?

SCOTT KIRBY: It is a generic thing now. You described it
correctly. It is when a connecting carrier offers a lower price than the
nonstop carrier.

The rationale being that's an inferior product from a
customer's perspective. A customer would rather fly nonstop and so offering a
lower price that's something that US Airways uniquely did.

We brought that to American Airlines after the merger. And
when we did that our large competitors copied us. And so now it is, you called
it a generic thing, but it is really systematic and exists virtually everywhere
there's nonstop service in the US.

SUSAN CAREY: And so then to follow up, Scott, you said those
fares went away for basically the entire --

SCOTT KIRBY: For almost three months.

SUSAN CAREY: First quarter, and again what was the reason
those fares went away?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well I have to be careful talking about the
rationale. But we've had them in place for over a decade. We are in a world
with lots of low fares and lots of other places.

And we wanted to see what would happen. We had lots of other
low-fare alternatives. When we first started the program we had fewer low-fare
alternatives with lots of other low-fare alternatives in place today.

And so we wanted to see what would happen if we did a reset.
It looked like that the results were actually negative. Before we could pull
the trigger on changing it one of our competitors put it back in place ahead of
us, so presumably they saw something similar.

SUSAN CAREY: Super. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Mary Schlangenstein, Bloomberg News.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN, MEDIA, BLOOMBERG NEWS: Scott, I wanted
to see if you could just clarify for me on the basic and premium economy, I
thought that originally you had said we would see that in the second half of
this year and then earlier you said, earlier today you said next year. Is that
a change in timing or is that just a change in like you will talk about the
details this year but it won't be in place until next year?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well we hope to roll out basic economy this
year. It will be towards the end of this year. I said second half but it will
be towards the end of the year.

But what I was saying on the call is the impact of that, the
revenue impact of that will be a 2017 effect. So even if we rolled it out, even
though we still plan to roll out basic economy this year, it really won't
affect our revenues until 2017.

MARY SCHLANGENSTEIN: Okay great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: David Koenig, Associated Press.

DAVID KOENIG, MEDIA, ASSOCIATED PRESS: Hi, just real quickly
I think Scott you mentioned that some of the changes in the multi-city
ticketing the pricing had been rolled back. Has American received any
communication, written, verbal or otherwise, from regulators indicating that
they were looking into those changes?

SCOTT KIRBY: Not to my knowledge.

DAVID KOENIG: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Jeffrey Dastin, Reuters.

JEFFREY DASTIN, MEDIA, REUTERS: Thanks for taking the
question. Have leisure or corporate bookings to Charlotte slowed since the
North Carolina transgender law passed?

SCOTT KIRBY: You know, I haven't actually looked at it to
give you an answer.

JEFFREY DASTIN: Fair enough. And then a separate question
then, notwithstanding American's large order book, might it have any interest
in purchasing the new 737 variant that Boeing is said to be considering? And
how would you compare this to any interest you might have in the C series?

SCOTT KIRBY: I think we have a full order book right now.

JEFFREY DASTIN: But in terms of potential interest years
down the line or you can't say?

SCOTT KIRBY: Look, we've got lots of other stuff going on.
We're not going to be placing an aircraft order in the near term, so it's not
something we're working on.

JEFFREY DASTIN: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Edward Russell, Flightglobal.

EDWARD RUSSELL, MEDIA, FLIGHTGLOBAL: Hi, thank you for
taking my questions this morning. On the application you submitted last night I
think there was a bit surprised that you guys didn't seek JFK. Perhaps you
could give us some rationale on why you chose DFW as a second market versus
JFK?

SCOTT KIRBY: We thought it was the best market for American
to serve. It's our largest hub. Being able to serve the preferred airport in
Japan from our largest hub is high on our priority list, so it was just the
most rational choice for us.

DOUG PARKER: And by far the best for consumers because of
all that connectivity. The application is so much stronger from DFW because we
connect people all over the United States into this very large hub of ours.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Great, thank you very much. And one
follow-up. Any updates on Cuba and when you might be hearing back about those
route authorities?

SCOTT KIRBY: I don't think we know.

STEVE JOHNSON: I don't think we know for sure. I expect the
DOT will issue an order with respect to service to all the cities other than
Havana in the next few weeks, maybe even sooner than that. But they haven't
given us an indication about when the Havana order would come out but I'm
guessing sometime in the summer.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Great, thank you very much.

DOUG PARKER: That was Steve Johnson there.

EDWARD RUSSELL: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Ted Reed, TheStreet.

TED REED, MEDIA, THESTREET: Hey, Doug. Thanks, I have a
couple of quick things.

First of all, typically Charlotte has been on your list of
well performing hubs and it was not on the list this time. Why is that?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, it's a great hub and does really well.
But it wasn't the highest year over year.

TED REED: Okay, thank you. Secondly is a couple of surveys
coming out or have come out that show much higher or improving passenger
satisfaction with the airline industry in the past year or so. What do you
attribute that to higher passenger satisfaction?

SCOTT KIRBY: Well, look, we at America are running a much
better operation. We're investing in our product, we're investing in customer
service and I think we're generally on a trend from a customer perspective
things are getting better.

DOUG PARKER: And in relation to the industry, Ted, I mean
this is what we suggested would happen as we got to an industry that could
serve customers better as we got through the consolidation of US carriers to
still be an incredibly competitive business but one the could provide the
utility customers wanted to have an airline, a series of airlines that could
take customers everywhere they want to go. That's one that's much better
utility for the customer and also puts us all in a position of competing much
more on the in-flight product and on reliability than simply on where we fly
and others don't.

So in a world where a number of us can take customers
anywhere around the globe what matters more than it used to is how you compete
for high-value customers that can use any of those carriers. The product
matters even more than it did before and you're seeing investments in them.

TED REED: Okay, thank you. Last thing.

If I were to write this story now I would write that
American airlines seems to have so much money it doesn't know what to do with
it all. Is that fair that you are able to spend so much money (technical
difficulty) is it fair to say that?

DOUG PARKER: That would be an incorrect headline, Ted. What
I would say is the team at American Airlines is doing an excellent job of
running the airline, getting two airlines integrated, taking care of the
customers and the result is that is they are profitable. And the result of
those profits is primarily being used to invest in its product and its team
because its team is critical to its product.

And those results are paying off. And the future of American
looks really bright. As a result of that the industry has been transformed,
American Airlines has been transformed and you should expect to see more of
that in future.

But businesses are supposed to be profitable and ours is and
we expect to continue it to be. And to the extent we can generate profits and
use those to continue to put in the product and take care of our team and to
the extent we have generate even more than that that gives return to
shareholders.

So it's what business is supposed to do and we're happy to
actually be in the position now versus where airlines have been in the past.
It's a longer headline, I know, but it's the right one.

TED REED: Thank you. I appreciate it all.

OPERATOR: That concludes our question-and-answer session. At
this time I would like to turn it back over to our speakers for any additional
or closing remarks.

DOUG PARKER: We have no additional or closing remarks other
than thank you very much for your time and attention and thanks again. Bye.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the
first-quarter earnings conference. Thank you for your participation. You may
now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042216a5977680.780










 EXECUTIVES (91%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%); CONFERENCES
& CONVENTIONS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%);
PRICES (74%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (71%); PRESS RELEASES (71%)










  AMERICAN AIRLINES GROUP INC (96%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (71%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(70%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (56%);

ASSOCIATED PRESS (56%);

WALL STREET JOURNAL (56%)










 AAL (NASDAQ) (96%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (71%); MS (NYSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); DEUT
(JSE) (56%); DBK (FRA) (56%); DBK (BIT) (56%); DBETN (JSE) (56%); DB (NYSE)
(56%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%)










 UNITED STATES (94%)










 May 22, 2016




