FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
28, 2020 Tuesday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 8713 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO & Non-Independent
Director

* Ruth Cotter

, Inc. - SVP of Worldwide Marketing,
HR & IR

Conference Call Participants

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior Equity
Research Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division - Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Timothy Michael Arcuri

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Head of
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD first quarter
financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded.

It's now my pleasure to introduce Ruth Cotter, Senior Vice
President, Worldwide Market, Human Resources and Investor Relations. Ruth,
please go ahead.

RUTH COTTER, SVP OF WORLDWIDE MARKETING, HR & IR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's First Quarter
2020 Financial Results Conference Call. By now, you should have had the
opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and slides. If you have
not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page
of AMD's website amd.com.

Participants on today's call are Dr. Lisa Su, our President
and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed
via webcast on our website.

Before we begin today, please note that our annual
shareholder meeting will be held on Thursday, the 7th of May, as a virtual
event accessible from amd.com. We will also be attending several virtual Wall
Street events during the second quarter, including the Bernstein Strategic
Decisions Conference on Thursday, May 28. And our second quarter 2020 quiet
time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, the 12th of June.

Today's discussions contain forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations. We will refer
primarily to non-GAAP financial metrics during this call, except for revenue
and segment operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP
financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable
GAAP financial measures in today's press release posted on amd.com.

Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press
release for more information on risks related to any forward-looking statements
that we may make. You will also find detailed discussions about our risk
factors in our filings with the SEC, and in particular, AMD's annual report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2019.

Now with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. Before covering our quarterly results, I wanted to provide
some comments addressing our response to COVID-19. First, I want to recognize
the toll the pandemic has taken on the world. The breadth and speed at which
COVID-19 has changed the world since our last earnings call has been
staggering. I want to thank the countless healthcare professionals and
essential workers serving on the front lines every day.

At AMD, our first priority has been to protect the health
and safety of our employees. We have transitioned the vast majority of our more
than 12,000 employees worldwide to working from home, while ensuring we
maintain focus on reliably supplying our customers with the products and
services their businesses depend on.

We are also supporting the communities we call home through
financial and personal protective equipment donations and providing our
technology to accelerate medical research. More than ever, the pandemic has
placed technology at the forefront of how we work, learn, shop and connect. And
we are proud to be providing many of the components powering these essential
technologies. Against that backdrop, we performed well in the first quarter.

Revenue increased 40% year-over-year to $1.79 billion as
demand for 7-nanometer Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC processors drove record first
quarter revenue and our highest gross margin in 8 years. I'm pleased with our
execution in the quarter, as we quickly adopted our global operations to
navigate pockets of supply chain disruption and addressed geographic and market
demand shifts caused by COVID-19.

Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. First quarter
segment revenue increased 73% year-over-year to $1.44 billion, driven by
increased Ryzen and Radeon processor adoption. We saw some softness based on
the COVID-19 situation in China that impacted PC related sales in the first
quarter. While both component and system demand were relatively strong at online
vendors, off-line channel sales were weaker-than-expected as many retail
locations across China were closed for much of the quarter.

PC demand in the rest of the world was strong, offsetting
the softness in China. Client processor revenue grew significantly
year-over-year as strong Ryzen processor demand resulted in significant
double-digit percentage increases in unit shipments and ASP. As a result, we
believe we gained client unit market share for the 10th straight quarter.

In desktop, overall demand for our latest Ryzen 3000 and
prior generation Ryzen 2000 processor families was strong, both of which
continue to top retailer best seller lists and have more than 50% share of
premium processor sales at many top global e-tailers.

In mobile, unit shipments increased by a strong double-digit
percentage year-over-year. We set a record for quarterly notebook processor
revenue driven by sustained demand for our previous generation offerings and
the ramp of the first Ryzen Mobile 4000 design wins. Initial consumer notebooks
featuring our new Ryzen 4000 processors launched to strong demand based on
reviews that demonstrated their performance and battery life leadership for
ultrathin and gaming notebooks. We also gained momentum in the commercial
market, winning multiple large-scale deployments as Lenovo announced new
ThinkPads and HP launched commercial class ProBooks powered by our latest Ryzen
4000 mobile processors. We are on track to accelerate our mobile growth this
year as Acer, ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other OEMs are expected to launch more
than 135 new Ryzen-powered consumer and commercial notebooks over the coming
quarters.

In graphics, first quarter unit shipments and revenue both
grew by a double-digit percentage year-over-year, driven largely by sales of
our Radeon RX 5000 series, desktop and notebook GPUs. Desktop channel sales
increased based on solid demand for both 7-nanometer RDNA graphics cards and
previous-generation Radeon RX 500 series GPUs.

In mobile, demand for notebooks powered by our Radeon 5000M
mobile GPUs, including the latest Apple MacBook Pro and other gaming notebooks,
drove a richer mix as customers transition their platforms to our new RDNA
mobile offerings.

Development of our RDNA 2 GPUs continues to progress well.
We are on track to launch our next-generation gaming GPUs later this year with
a 50% performance per watt increase compared to our current offerings. In the
data center, Microsoft Azure introduced new virtual machines optimized for
visualization workloads powered by our Radeon Instinct MI25 GPUs.

Microsoft is using our differentiated virtualization
technology to partition a GPU for the first time in the same way they partition
multi-core CPUs, allowing customers to tailor the GPU capability to meet the
needs of their specific workload.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue of $348 million decreased 21% year-over-year as lower semi-custom
revenue more than offset a significant increase in server revenue. As expected,
semi-custom product revenue was negligible in the quarter, as Sony and
Microsoft both reduced inventory in advance of next-generation console
launches.

We expect semi-custom revenue to increase in the second
quarter and be heavily weighted towards the second half of the year as we ramp
production to support the holiday launches of the new PlayStation 5 and Xbox
Series X consoles.

In server, unit shipments grew by a double-digit percentage
sequentially and more than tripled year-over-year as we continue gaining
momentum across cloud, enterprise and HPC customers. We saw particular strength
with cloud providers introducing new instances and accelerating current
deployments. Microsoft Azure, Google and IBM, all announced new offerings
powered by second generation EPYC processors, highlighted by Google launching
multiple general purpose VMs and Microsoft rolling out an all-AMD virtual
desktop offering that also includes Radeon Instinct GPUs.

Several cloud providers accelerated their infrastructure
deployments to address rising demand from the growing number of users working
and schooling from home. For instance, one of our large cloud customers was
able to deploy 10,000 2nd Gen EPYC servers in less than 10 days to support the
surge in demand for their collaboration services.

In the enterprise, we expanded our 2nd Gen EPYC processor
portfolio with new high-frequency processors that expand our performance
leadership to advanced modeling, database and hyperconverged workloads. With
these new offerings, our 2nd Gen EPYC processor family now includes both the
highest performance per core and performance per socket processors in the
industry. We continue winning in HPC, highlighted by Lawrence Livermore
National Laboratories, announcing they selected next-generation AMD EPYC CPUs
and Radeon Instinct GPUs to power their El Capitan supercomputer, which is
expected to deliver more than 2 exaFLOPS of computing performance when it is
deployed in early 2023. We are incredibly proud that 2 of the 3 publicly
announced U.S. exascale supercomputing systems will exclusively use AMD CPUs
and GPUs, clearly positioning AMD as the exascale computing leader based on our
high-performance computing and graphics technologies and software capabilities.

In closing, our long-term strategy and growth drivers remain
unchanged. Although there are some near-term uncertainties in the demand
environment, we are well positioned to navigate through this situation. We have
a solid financial foundation, and our product portfolio is very well positioned
across the PC, gaming and data center markets. While demand indicators across
commercial, education and data center infrastructure markets are strong, we
expect some softness in consumer demand in the second half of the year,
depending on how overall macroeconomic conditions evolve. We remain on track to
launch our next-generation Zen 3 CPUs and RDNA 2 GPUs in late 2020 and believe
we can deliver another year of strong revenue growth and margin expansion based
on the strength of our product portfolio and the diversity of markets we serve.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our first quarter financial performance. Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. We
performed well in the first quarter as we navigated a challenging environment
as a result of the ongoing impact of COVID-19. First quarter revenue was $1.79
billion, up 40% from a year ago and down 16% from the prior quarter.
Year-over-year growth was driven by strong sales of Ryzen and EPYC processors
and Radeon products, partially offset by lower semi-custom sales.

Gross margin was 46%, up 490 basis points from a year ago,
driven by Ryzen and EPYC processor sales. Operating expenses were $584 million
compared to [$498] (corrected by the company after the call) million a year
ago, primarily due to increased investments in R&D and go-to-market
activities.

Operating income was $236 million, up $152 million from a
year ago, driven by revenue growth and a greater percentage of Ryzen and EPYC
processor sales, while operating margin increased to 13% as compared to 7% a
year ago.

Net income was $222 million, up from $62 million a year ago,
and diluted earnings per share was $0.18 per share compared to $0.06 per share
a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $1.44 billion, up 73% year-over-year, driven by
Ryzen processor and Radeon product channel sales growth. Computing and Graphics
segment operating income was $262 million or 18% of revenue compared to $16
million a year ago, driven by significantly higher revenue. Enterprise,
Embedded and Semi-Custom segment revenue was $348 million, down 21% from $441
million in the prior year due to the expected decline in semi-custom sales,
partially offset by strong data center growth.

EESC segment had a loss of $26 million compared to operating
income of $68 million a year ago, which included the benefit of a $60 million
licensing gain.

Turning to the balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.4 billion. In addition, in early April, we
took the precautionary step to draw down $200 million from our $500 million
revolving line of credit. Inventory was $1.1 billion, up 8% from the prior
quarter.

On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted EBITDA was $1.2
billion, resulting in gross leverage of 0.5x. Free cash flow was negative $120
million in the first quarter, an improvement of $155 million from the prior
year. Cash flow from operations was negative $65 million, an improvement of
$148 million from a year ago.

Let me turn to the outlook for the second quarter of 2020.
Today's outlook is based on current expectations and contemplates the current
COVID-19 environment and customer demand signals. We expect revenue to be
approximately $1.85 billion, plus or minus $100 million, an increase of
approximately 21% year-over-year and an increase of approximately 4%
sequentially. The year-over-year increase is expected to be driven by strong
growth in Ryzen and EPYC processor sales. The sequential increase is driven
primarily by EPYC processor and semi-custom sales.

In addition, for Q2 2020, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to
be approximately 44% due to higher semi-custom revenue. Non-GAAP operating expenses
to be approximately $600 million; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to
be approximately $20 million, and the diluted share count in the second quarter
is expected to be approximately 1.23 billion shares.

For the full year 2020, despite expectations of weaker
COVID-19-related consumer demand in the second half of the year, we expect
annual revenue growth of approximately 25%, plus or minus 5 percentage points.
In addition, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 45%, unchanged
from prior guidance and non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately 29% on
revenue.

In closing, while the market environment has become more
challenging given the impact of COVID-19, our first quarter results demonstrate
the strength of our business model. Notwithstanding some near-term demand
uncertainties, our long-term strategy is unchanged, and we are well positioned
with our competitive products and the strength of our balance sheet to navigate
today's environment.

As I finish, I would also like to take this opportunity to
thank all our employees for their dedication, flexibility and focus in these
extraordinary times.

With that, I'll turn it back to Ruth for the
question-and-answer session. Ruth?

RUTH COTTER: Thank you, Devinder. And operator, if you could
poll the audience for questions, please?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Matt Ramsey from Cowen.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: And I hope everyone at AMD is doing well
considering the interesting times there have been. Lisa, I wanted to start with
a couple of questions on the server business. I guess, one of which is, how do
you -- the EESC results in the quarter that you just printed were a bit below,
at least where I had modeled them. So maybe you could talk a bit about how you
feel the EPYC business is tracking toward that sort of 10% target you guys had
set for the second quarter. And I notice in Devinder's comments on the June
quarter guidance, most -- some of the upside is going to be driven -- I guess,
upside sequentially is going to be driven by EPYC. So how are you tracking
against that? And then the last little piece is, I keep getting more and more
questions still about the timing of Milan. And I know you guys reiterated that
would be this year at the Analyst Day. And if that's still the case, just let
us know.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Absolutely, Matt. Thank you, and I
appreciate the question. So look, we are very pleased with the progress in our
server business. I think if you look at sort of the progress we've made, there
were a number of key things that we wanted to see happen. What we saw in the
quarter that we just finished, in the first quarter, we actually saw a very nice
acceleration of the cloud business as we went through the quarter. I think as
we go into the second quarter, there's an additional significant ramp of the
server business. And so we expect to continue to gain share as we go through
these next couple of quarters. I think what we're seeing from the current
COVID-19 environment, obviously, there's a lot of puts and takes. But as it
relates to data center, it's positive for the data center market. Certainly,
we've seen some of our largest customers ask us to accelerate some of our
deployments. And we look forward to continuing to ramp our server business. I
think you asked about Milan, and yes, we are expecting to be launching that at
the end of this year.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Got it. Just wanted to switch quickly
into the PC business. One of the things that stood out to me from your
commentary in the prepared script was the contrast between strength in the PC
business globally versus the weakness in China. I imagine that weakness in
China was both on the PC side and on the AIB graphics business. If there's any
way that you help quantify that? And we've heard some commentary about the
economy restarting in China. Have you seen some of those trends start to
improve into the second quarter?

LISA T. SU: Sure. So the PC business has actually held up
pretty well. So if we look at the PC business in the first quarter, we saw the
rest of the world PC business actually get some benefit from some of the
acceleration in demand sort of towards the end of the quarter. We did see some
weakness in China as China was shut down in the months of February and early
March. We saw that primarily in the channel business, so in offline channels.
Now we have seen that pick up as we've gone through the month of April. And
what we're seeing in general in the PC business is the first quarter and the
second quarter is actually relatively strong with accelerated notebook demand
and desktops sequentially lower just based on sort of the preference around
notebook versus desktop in this framework. So those are the key dynamics for
the PC business.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is
coming from Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: You guys are one of the few companies kind of giving a full
year guidance. And I just wonder if you could talk us through how you're
thinking about the second half? Obviously, you guys have OEM visibility into a
bunch of new sockets and new designs, but your customers don't seem to have
visibility. So just a little bit more color maybe on how you are thinking about
forecasting beyond the visibility that you have in Q2?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Sure, Joe. So look, we understand that
there's a lot of questions about visibility as we go into the second half of
the year. The way we look at our business is, we have sort of a lot of
positives in terms of just market drivers that we do have good visibility too.
I think our progress in the data center market is a positive. We see that with
a number of platforms ramping and the number of customers that we have coming
on board. So we see that as a positive for us as we go through this year.

Console gaming is a positive for us. There's lots of
anticipation around the consoles. It's one of the largest launches, I think, of
the year. And from that standpoint, there's no change in our view as it relates
to COVID-19, just given what we see today. Now as you look at the range, we
have increased the range of our guide. And sort of the biggest sort of question
mark in my mind is kind of the shape of the PC market this year. As I mentioned
earlier, the first half actually looks a little bit stronger than expected,
particularly on the notebook side. We are potentially expecting some weakness
in the second half due to consumer spending. You sort of have the 2 -- the 2
forces are there. I mean, one is, there is a pull with the strong
work-from-home trends, but then there's also the view that, from a macro
standpoint, will be weaker in the second half of the year. So that's -- the
primary variance in our model is what happens to the PC market. I will say,
though, that underneath the market trends, we're very pleased with our
portfolio. I mean, the notebook portfolio that we have in PCs is the strongest
we've ever had. And we believe we have a good opportunity to gain share
throughout the year, even as the market may be a little bit weaker than
originally expected. So that's the reason for the guidance to try to give the
puts and takes. And of course, we'll see how the year plays out.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: That's helpful. And then in terms of
data center GPU, I know you talked a lot about the Analyst Day about the newer
products and penetration of new workloads in the second half. Can you talk
about the workloads that you've been addressing so far, cloud gaming and
whatnot? And how is that business progressing before we get to the CDNA launch?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So the data center GPU business is an
important strategic business. In terms of size, it's still relatively small
compared to the data center CPU business. We are making progress, good overall
progress in a number of workloads. Cloud gaming is one that has been a good one
for us, and we continue to see opportunity in that as we go through this year,
with the current product set. We also just launched the VDI instance with
Microsoft Azure, which we feel will be a good workload for us. And then we have
a number of the HPC wins that we've talked about that are going to be based on
the CDNA architecture, which is an important strategic area for us as well as
continued focus on improving our machine learning and overall machine learning
frameworks and capabilities. So those are the key workloads that we're going
after. And I do think it's an important business for us as we go forward.

OPERATOR: The next question is coming from Vivek Arya from
Bank of America Securities.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, for my first one, I just wanted to go back to your EPYC server business.
So very strong units in Q1, but it appears that the mix was very kind of
cloud-heavy. So perhaps ASPs were lower than we are used to seeing. I was
wondering if you could just give us some sense of how we should think about
server ASPs going forward. And importantly, if you think of server sales for
you for this year versus what you thought 90 days ago, how is that looking
like? Because I think your competitors said that they expected some kind of
digestion of cloud capacity in the back half. So I was just hoping to get some
more color around ASP and just what you thought of your overall server business
for this year?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Vivek. Yes. So that is correct. There was
a mix shift towards cloud in the first quarter, and that did have an impact
with ASPs lower. That being the case, the ASPs are very healthy. So I think
from the standpoint of how our business evolves, it's within the plus or minus
of the business model. In terms of where we believe demand will be versus 90
days ago, it's pretty similar. And the way I would say it is, we see cloud
being strong. What we see is not just putting on more capacity, but really the
ramping of new platforms. And so we view that as a positive. We have strong
enterprise adoption as well. When we look at our pipeline in enterprise, it's
continued to grow, and continued to grow in the first quarter and continued to
grow in sort of the first month here of the second quarter. We do expect,
perhaps at the transactional business, sort of the SMB type of business may be
more impacted by COVID-19, but that was never a large piece of our business to
begin with. So we feel good about the server business. And it continues to be a
very strategic focus for us. I think the relationships with our partners and
our customers are getting closer as we go through sort of the process of
ramping volumes. And so we continue to view it as a strong growth driver for us
on a year-over-year basis.

VIVEK ARYA: Very helpful. And then maybe a follow-up for
Devinder on gross margins. So first half, kind of tracking towards your 45-ish
percent target for the year, but Q2 is 44%. And I recall, I think either Lisa
or Devinder, you said that second half will be more semi-custom weighted, but
that suggests some more pressure on gross margins. So I was just hoping you could
walk us through how we should think about gross margins in the back half, given
all the puts and takes of mix that you are expecting?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. Thanks, Vivek. I think the key puts and
takes, as you said, continued ramp for the semi-custom, which has margins, as
you observed lower than corporate average, but they are offset by the strength
in the data center revenue. So semi-custom ramped the back half, and that does
impact the gross margin being lower than corporate average. But data center strength,
as Lisa just referenced, that we are pleased with the ramp in the data center
business. In data center business, the margins are significantly higher than
corporate average, and has the offset to help us deliver as we guided for 2020,
the 45% gross margin for 2020.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Maybe, Vivek, I can just add to that. So in
addition to the data center mix that Devinder mentioned, we also expect to see
the console gross margins improve as we go through the year. And that's the
reason for the full year guide at 45%. So usually, what happens is in the very
-- second quarter is our very first quarter of ramp for the consoles, and so
the margin starts a little bit lower and continues to ramp as we go through the
year.

OPERATOR: The next question today is coming from Mark
Lipacis from Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, MD & SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: On the -- first question on the client side.
I guess, AMD has historically had a good presence on the consumer side, but it sounds
like you're making great progress on the commercial side with the HP and
ThinkPad design wins. Can you give us a sense roughly like what is the split
between consumer and commercial on the notebook side? And like how does that
play going forward? Does commercial just continue to grow faster than the
consumer side? And is there an impact on the gross margin between -- if
commercial does grow faster? That's the first question.

LISA T. SU: Yes, Mark. So our PC business does tend to be
much more consumer weighted. I mean, we've made progress in commercial.
Commercial has grown nicely, but it's still consumer weighted. We expect to
continue to gain commercial share as we go through this year. As that happens,
I think there's 2 things in the PC margins that affect PC gross margins.
Heavier weight of commercial is certainly positive for the overall gross
margins. I think the other pieces, we should expect that education will be
strong and that tends to be lower in the mix. And so there are lots of mix
dynamics. But overall, I think our confidence level in notebooks being a strong
growth driver for us as we go through this year is good. And we continue to
work on the commercial versus consumer mix.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: Great. That's helpful. And then on the
server side, if you look at cloud instances versus cloud internal versus
enterprise versus HPC, can you give us a sense of the split today, if not by
percentage and like a rank order? And what you would expect to drive going
forward? Our own field work had indicated that your instances were growing
nicely on EPYC 2. I wondered to what extent is that being deployed internally
on the cloud guys also?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Mark. So when you look at our cloud
instances, I would say that our cloud -- some of the cloud acceleration I
referred to was acceleration of internal workloads at some of our top cloud
customers. So I think that's an area actually where we get more visibility.
Cloud instances in terms of numbers for external usage has grown. We announced
the GCP platform. We announced the IBM platform as well as additional Microsoft
platforms. You will see more cloud instances rollout over the next quarter or
so. But much of the growth that we've seen has been around internal deployment
of the cloud companies. And then as it relates to enterprise, it is more
heavily weighted towards HPC. We've done very, very well in HPC. We're pretty
excited about our new high-frequency SKUs that were just launched here in
April. They're actually very well suited for large enterprise applications and
financial sector as well as some of the technology sectors, and so that's a key
focus for us in terms of growing those other pieces of the enterprise business.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Stacy
Rasgon from Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: First, harp a little bit again on the
server business. I guess I don't quite understand why a big shift toward cloud
mix will drive ASPs down sequentially. I mean, your mix has been mostly cloud
all along. So why all of a sudden is that driving ASPs down? And I know you
said units were up double digits. I guess, in that context, what did revenues
do sequentially? And maybe what were data center revenues, CPU plus GPU, as a
percentage of total in the quarter? Like, if you could give any color on any of
that, that would be really helpful.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So we did have a positive cloud mix, but I
would say that the Q4 to Q1 mix had significant improvement in cloud or
significant growth in cloud. So that was the ASP sort of shift that we talked
about. As it relates to data center overall, we were in the high teens this
quarter. And you had one other question, Stacy?

STACY AARON RASGON: I said, what did revenues do sequentially?
Units were up, like, double digits.

LISA T. SU: Yes. The revenues were also up sequentially. Not
as much as units, but revenues were sequentially -- yes.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. So my follow-up. Again, I want
to talk a little bit about the share target. So I know you'd said 10% share,
give or take, by the middle of this year. If I even just take your entire EESC
revenue and I take Intel's data center revenue this quarter, you'd be about 5%
revenue share. And I know you're guiding for growth next quarter, but I mean,
just given the magnitude, it doesn't feel like that's going to double in the
quarter. So just how are you feeling about that 10% guide for the middle of
this year? Is that getting pushed out? Are we defining it wrong? Like how should
we be thinking about that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So the way we define the share target, and
it very much is sort of the view of -- we expect about 20 million units a year
in terms of single-socket and dual-socket servers. That's about 5 million units
a quarter. So 10% share is about 0.5 million units. From where we look today,
we look to be on track to that. Q2 is actually...

STACY AARON RASGON: That's about Q2?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Yes. Q2 is actually our strongest backlog
quarter that we've seen. So I think that's our current visibility today.

STACY AARON RASGON: Is that 20 million an appropriate
number, though, given you're now playing in comm whereas maybe when you gave
that target before you weren't playing in comm? Isn't the total target at --
total market is more like 30 million or even more, right?

LISA T. SU: Well, again, I think not to go back on how we
define the target. I think I've given you how we define the target. And I think
that's an appropriate way to define the target. I think our comms exposure is
very, very early. And I would say, is not a significant part of the revenue at
this point.

OPERATOR: The next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from
Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, I wanted to go back to your full year guide. I appreciate
there's a wide range of outcomes here, and you did put up an updated number.
But if we take the midpoint of your updated guidance and we compare and
contrast that with your old guidance, you are lowering the midpoint of your
revenue outlook by about $250 million, maybe a little bit more. In response to
Joe's question, I think you focused very much on the notebook business. Is that
sort of the primary part of your business where you're lowering numbers? Or is
it a little bit more broad-based across GPU and perhaps the game console
business as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I would say from the full year
standpoint, the biggest variable is the PC business in its entirety. So that's
notebook and desktop. And like I said, it's a variable, if I -- you can model
various scenarios as to what it can be. And I think from our standpoint, when
we started the year, we had the expectation of a pretty normal PC environment.
I think we would all say that the environment is different than when we
started. And given the size of that market, we have given ourselves a wide
range. As it relates to what we thought before, it's priority PCs. And when you
look at the other markets, game consoles, data center were about what we
expected, and the signals continued to be positive in those areas. And by the
way, I should -- I'm sorry, if I can just finish off. On PCs , I would say
though that, I think we're all waiting to see some of the data as we go through
the second half of the year. So I want to say that, like I said, there's those
2 competing forces. One is, there's a strong pull for work-from-home trends and
the other is just what is the impact on macro going to be for discretionary
consumer spend. And so I think that's a place where we lack full visibility.
And we continue to talk to customers. And I think we're all trying to make sure
that we are well prepared for any of the scenarios as they come about.

TOSHIYA HARI: Appreciate that. And then as a quick
follow-up, Lisa, I wanted to ask about the competitive landscape. Your nearest
competitor continues to grow wafer capacity, as you know, and they talked quite
a bit about accelerating the RAM for 10 last week on their call. Are you seeing
any changes in how they compete in the marketplace, either from a pricing
perspective or from a marketing dollar perspective relative to how you saw the
market 90 days ago?

LISA T. SU: No. It's -- the PC market is always a
competitive market. And from that standpoint, I don't think the environment has
changed substantially from a -- either a capacity standpoint or a marketing
dollar standpoint. From our view, it's all about ensuring that the platforms
that we launch actually ramp into production smoothly. And so we've been
working on that. And we feel very good about that. I think we mentioned that we
have a significant number of platforms, over 135 mobile platforms that are
coming to market here in 2020. And they're very, very competitive. They are
some of our best platforms from just overall performance and capability
standpoint. So we're bullish on our ability to turn that into revenue growth.

OPERATOR: The next question today is coming from Ross
Seymore from Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
So let me ask you a question. Lisa, not to kind of go back to the same well as
everybody else, but I wanted to hit on the EPYC side of things. I guess the
good news is you guys are growing very rapidly and taking share, and you
reiterated that 10% market share goal for the June quarter. But overall, it
seems like the number has not really upsided anybody's expectations over the
last few quarters, despite the market accelerating from a demand perspective,
your primary competitor upsiding their data center group or even their cloud
segment within that for 3 to 4 quarters in a row. So I just wanted to get your
feeling on, is there something that is capping the growth there? Is it the ASP
is going down because of who the customers are? I'm just wondering why if the
market is as strong as it seemed to be for the last 3 or 4 quarters, you're
doing really well, but not actually upsiding our expectation?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Ross, the way I look at it, and I mean,
this was very, very similar to the ramp that we saw in PC business. The ramp in
server is something like steady as she goes. And each quarter, we add
platforms; each quarter, more platforms are qualified; each quarter, they ramp.
It's a little bit different from a pure market phenomenon. And again, I mean, I
understand that there are market phenomena, and then there are growth
expectations based on platform launches as well as software being qualified and
so on and so forth. So as it relates to our expectations, it's actually going
quite well. As it relates to the acceleration of cloud, and we're pleased with
it. We're not ready to upside numbers at this point. I think we want -- we
already had very aggressive growth assumptions in what we went through. I think
you'll see us a little bit less market-specific and a little bit more AMD
specific as it relates to our customers and their qualification plans. So I
think we are confident that our data center business is doing well, and we need
to continue to demonstrate that over a number of quarters.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: Just for my follow-up, one that switch
gears over to the computing and graphics side. Could you just give a little bit
of color on what you expect for that in the second quarter? And then as you
look into the second half, I know you mentioned that's the area of greatest uncertainty
for many logical reasons. But any sort of difference between the computing and
the graphics side, both in your second quarter expectations and then the puts
and takes in the back half of the year?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we are expecting that the computing and
graphics business will be down sequentially. So it's offsetting some of the
growth on the EPYC and semi-custom side. Within the computing and graphics
business, we see notebooks up strongly, as a result of the launch of our new
Ryzen 4000 platforms and some of the other trends that we've talked about. We
see desktop down sequentially, and we see graphics down sequentially. Q2 is
normally a sequentially down quarter for the channel business for us. So that's
not unusual. And we -- that's -- those are the dynamics in the second quarter.
And as we go through the second half of the year, as I mentioned, we'll have to
see how consumer spending holds up against the other demand environments.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from John Pitzer
from Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, just
my first question. I wonder if you could just help me kind of better understand
in this current environment of shelter-in-place, how does that impact sort of
new customer, new workload engagements? And I guess, to better kind of
underscore that, just given that you're expecting pretty good share gains in
the back half of the year, given your second half guidance, notwithstanding the
gaming cycle. Are most of those wins already in your back pocket, and so you've
got high visibility? Or how do I think about that dynamic?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think there are many that are already
in progress. And that would be our -- sort of our typical view of how long it
takes to ramp a customer from beginning of engagement to actual ramp, can it be
anywhere from 6 to 9 months if that's a good number. As it relates to what we
see with the, as you call it, shelter-in-place, look, we see pretty strong
activity. I mean, the activity level continues to be high on both the cloud as
well as the enterprise side.

The only place where perhaps we see a little bit of a
slowdown is, as I said, on some of the transactional business, which we had
plan to grow as we go through this year, and that might grow more slowly just
as people aren't focused on new infrastructure right now. But in terms of cloud
and large enterprise, there continues to be good activity on both current
already one design platforms as well as new pipeline engagements.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: That's helpful, Lisa. And as my
follow-up, as you guys are painfully aware, one of the metrics that we probably
focus probably too much on is just gross margin and gross margin progression.
And given the gaming sort of ramp coming, it sort of convoluted the issue. So I
was kind of hoping maybe you would quantify both in your Q2 guide and your full
year guide, what impact the gaming console business is having on gross margins,
i.e., what would gross margins be trending to right now ex gaming for both June
and the full year?

LISA T. SU: I think, John -- go ahead. Go ahead, Devinder.

DEVINDER KUMAR: So if you look at Q2, if you're asking the
specific Q1 to Q2. Q2, we came in at the 46%, Q2 is down, and fundamentally
primarily is due to the ramp in the game console revenue. As Lisa said earlier,
we mentioned that the margins in the initial ramp of semi-custom revenue are
typically lower and they do improve over time for semi-custom. But also from a
company standpoint, when you look at the corporate average gross margin, it's
lower. And therefore, it is having an impact in terms of sequentially the
margin is going down from Q1 to Q2.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: But I guess, Devinder, my question is,
is the non-gaming gross margins continuing to move higher sequentially every
quarter this year, i.e., is it more than 100 basis point impact from gaming in
the June quarter?

LISA T. SU: I think...

DEVINDER KUMAR: Go ahead. Go ahead, Lisa.

LISA T. SU: Sorry, we're -- Devinder and I are not in the
same room. So the answer is yes, John. The impact of the sequential decline of
2 points is semi-custom. If you take semi-custom out, the rest of the portfolio
would be -- what you would see in the rest of the portfolio is you would see
server up and you would see desktop offset some of that. But the sequential
decline is all semi-custom.

OPERATOR: Your next question is coming from Timothy Arcuri
from UBS.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI, MD AND HEAD OF SEMICONDUCTORS &
SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I had two. I
guess the first question, Devinder, I think you said that data center was high
teens of revenue, so that would put it sort of in the low to mid 3s for March.
Can you break out how much was CPU versus GPU? And I guess on the GPU side,
that can be pretty lumpy. So anything to call out that's assumed for June?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. It's weighted towards the CPUs. If you
take the data center CPUs and GPUs together, the revenue in Q1 is high teens of
revenue in Q1, but primarily weighted towards the CPUs because that's the area
of growth from a server CPU business standpoint.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI: Okay. And then I guess bigger
picture question. So Lisa, I think there's some new regulations in China that
come into effect on June 1 around additional cybersecurity review for critical
information infrastructure. And I would think that maybe you could fall under
that. So any thought on how that could impact demand for you? And maybe if you
could sort of tell us how much of your revenue on a consumption basis, do you
think right now is in China?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we're looking at that new regulation. So
I don't have any specifics at this point in time. We'll continue to look at
that new regulation. As it relates overall, I would say, the majority of our
business in China is consumer or, let's call it, consumer-related cloud.

RUTH COTTER: Operator, we'll take two more questions,
please.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mitch Steves from
RBC Capital Markets.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I've got one and a follow-up. But the first one just kind of
on the bookings you guys are saying. So I'm less worried about kind of the
near-term revenue number you guys put up for server. But if you're sitting here
today and you compare that to a quarter ago, what do the bookings look like or
backlog? Has that changed at all? Is that improving? Is it getting better or is
it pretty much in line with what you guys expected in terms of the overall
backlog?

LISA T. SU: Yes. I think it's -- I think I said earlier, but
Mitch, it is certainly better. So we have better visibility a month into the
quarter versus 90 days ago.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: Okay. And then the second one I had
is just more broad. It's on China, actually. So one thing we're picking up is
that a lot of the Chinese companies supposedly buying a lot of semiconductor
chips ahead just in case they get banned from the U.S. and China relationship
deterioration. So since you guys are not really involved in that, you're more
exposed to the hyperscale. Do you guys have any comments on what you guys think
is actually happening there, if people are actually trying to build up -- I
guess, build up an inventory level for semiconductor chips they think may get
banned? Or do you think that's kind of just noise, and it's not really
occurring right now in that geography?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Mitch, it's a little bit hard for me to
generalize. I would say, from what we see and we track both selling and
consumption pretty closely, it looks like it's normal patterns. But we don't
have exposure to some of the markets you're talking about.

OPERATOR: Your next question is coming from Blayne Curtis
from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe, Lisa, just looking at the fiscal
guide, I'm kind of curious, if you look at first half versus second half, it
seems like you still would require growth in computer graphics. I want to just
make sure that was right. And then I'm just kind of curious how you think of
the server, obviously, your share gainer. I think cloud and enterprise get
intermingled together, particularly with this work-from-home. So I'm just kind
of curious as you look at that business, first half and second half, do you --
I think Intel was talking about some weakness in enterprise and government.
It's not a big exposure for you, but just kind of curious how you're thinking
about, is there any headwind as that work-from-home spend holds off with server
as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So as it relates to first half, second
half, I mean, as we said, there's -- the $8.4 billion plus or minus 5% is a
wider than normal range for us. I think you can see outcomes within that range
that would have computing and graphics up as well as you can see outcomes with
it more flattish. So that being the case, so I think the trends that I talked
about are likely the right trends, which is the consumer spending, perhaps a
little softer, enterprise and commercial, a positive for us; notebook share
gain, a positive for us; and we want to see how sort of the desktop channel
behaves as we go into the second half of the year. And then your second
question?

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: Just kind of -- as you look at the
server business, first half, second half, you had seen some -- you saw some
strength in cloud in March and June. I'm kind of curious, are you thinking
about -- is there any work-from-home benefits within that, that would then turn
into a headwind in the second half?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Look, I think from what we see, we see
mostly platforms ramping. And so that's how we're thinking about the data
center business. Of course, we're in this COVID-19 environment and so we'll
have to actually play out the next couple of quarters. But within the ranges
that we see, we see an opportunity to continue growing in the second half of
the year, given the visibility that we have with customers, the platforms that
are ramping. And I still feel very much like we're in the early stages of our
2nd Gen EPYC ramp. And I know it's been a couple of quarters, but that's just
the way servers ramp. So we're in the early stages of the ramp, lots of
customer activity, significant pull from the customers to get up and running as
soon as possible. And as you said, we don't have as much exposure to some of
the other end markets, which may have more volatility in the second half of the
year.

OPERATOR: Thank you. We reached the end of our
question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any
further closing comments.

RUTH COTTER: Thank you, Kevin. That concludes today's call.
We appreciate everybody participating, and stay safe, stay well. And we look
forward to engaging with you throughout the quarter. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042820a13134088.788










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); GLOBALIZATION
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); OFFICE MANAGEMENT (90%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS
(90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (89%);
STOCK OFFERINGS (89%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS
(89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); SHAREHOLDERS (78%); TALKS & MEETINGS
(78%); BUSINESS METRICS (74%); SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS (73%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

JEFFERIES LLC (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (69%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (84%);
DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB
(NYSE) (83%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (97%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE
OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING
(84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF
FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%);
NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY
ACTIVITIES (69%); NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT & GENERAL
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES (56%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(91%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%); SEMICONDUCTORS
(90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); STOCK OFFERINGS (89%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); WEBCASTS (77%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (76%); INTERNET & WWW (76%); CONSULTING SERVICES (76%); WEBSITES
(67%)










 LISA SU (92%); MICHAEL A ARCURI (52%)










 May 1, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
28, 2020 Tuesday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 8716 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division - MD

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior Equity
Research Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, Research Division - Analyst

* Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri

SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Timothy Michael Arcuri

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Head of
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Fourth Quarter
and Fiscal Year 2019 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder,
this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves,
Corporate Vice President, Investor Relations for AMD. Please go ahead, Laura.

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Fourth Quarter and Year-end 2019 Financial
Results Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review
a copy of our earnings release and slides. If you have not reviewed these
documents, they can be found on the Investor Relations page of AMD's website,
amd.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on our website.

I would like to highlight some important dates for you. On
the afternoon of Thursday, March 5, we will hold our Financial Analyst Day at
our headquarters in Santa Clara, California; and our first quarter 2020 quiet
time is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, March 13.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our expectations. We will refer primarily to
non-GAAP financial measures during this call, except for revenue and segment
operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures
referenced herein are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP
financial measure in today's press release posted on our website. Please refer
to the cautionary statement in our press release for more information on risks related
to any forward-looking statements that we may make. You will also find detailed
discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and, in
particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
28, 2019.

With that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. 2019 marked another major milestone in our multiyear journey.
We delivered record annual revenue of $6.73 billion, and significantly
increased both gross margin and net income as we successfully introduced and
ramped the strongest product portfolio in our 50-year history. We grew clients
and server processor annual revenue by $1.5 billion in 2019, driven largely by
the strong demand for our 7-nanometer Ryzen and EPYC processors, powered by our
Zen 2 processor core.

Looking at the fourth quarter, we ended the year very strong
with quarterly revenue increasing 50% year-over-year to a record $2.13 billion,
while also significantly increasing net income.

Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Fourth
quarter revenue increased 69% year-over-year to $1.66 billion. Ryzen processor
adoption accelerated sharply in 2019, helping to drive significant double-digit
percentage increases in client processor annual unit shipments, ASPs and
revenue. We ended 2019 with our highest quarterly client processor unit
shipments in more than 6 years based on strong demand for Ryzen desktop and
mobile processors.

In desktop, we had a very strong holiday season as our
second- and third-generation Ryzen processors consistently held top sales spots
at the largest global e-tailers and retailers. We launched our Ryzen 3950X
processor and the 24- and 32-core versions of our third generation Ryzen
Threadripper processors in November. Our 16-core Ryzen 3950X processor is the
world's fastest mainstream desktop processor, while our latest Threadripper
CPUs offer unmatched performance for the high-end desktop market.

In January, we expanded our leadership position in the HEDT
market with the launch our flagship 64-core Ryzen Threadripper processor, which
is the world's highest performance desktop processor.

In mobile, we had our eighth straight quarter of strong
double-digit percentage year-over-year revenue growth as we expanded the number
of AMD-powered laptops available for major OEMs. We began shipping our Ryzen
4000 mobile processors powered by our Zen 2 core at the end of the fourth
quarter. These new processors double the performance per watt of our prior
generation and deliver leadership single-threaded, multi-threaded and graphics
performance for thin and light notebooks while enabling the industry's first
ultrathin laptops with 8 cores. Initial systems featuring the Ryzen 4000
processors are expected to launch later this quarter, and more than 100
AMD-based consumer and commercial laptops are planned for 2020, from Acer,
ASUS, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other major OEMs.

In Graphics, fourth quarter unit shipments grew by a strong
double-digit percentage year-over-year, driven by sales of our Radeon RX 5000
series GPUs, featuring our new RDNA architecture. We further expanded our
portfolio of RDNA GPUs with the introductions of the 5500 XT and 5600 XT
desktop graphics cards, highlighted by strong third-party reviews that clearly
establish 5600 XT as the most powerful gaming GPU available for under $300.

We launched our Radeon 5000M mobile GPUs in the quarter as
well, and we are seeing solid design win momentum based on their strong
performance and power efficiency. The first laptops powered by the new GPUs are
available now, including the recently updated Apple MacBook Pro, and we expect
many more notebooks featuring our Radeon 5000M GPUs to launch throughout 2020.

Data center GPU revenue increased sequentially, driven by
cloud, VDI and game streaming deployments. We announced a major update to our
open-source GPU computing software stack in the fourth quarter, featuring
performance optimizations, expanded development tools and support for the most
popular machine learning frameworks. We continue making strategic software
investments to make it easier for developers to tap into the full capabilities
of our Radeon Instinct accelerators for HPC and AI applications.

For the year, data center GPU revenue grew by a strong
double-digit percentage as we continue to make progress growing our presence in
this important part of the market.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue of $465 million increased 7% year-over-year, as EPYC processor revenue
growth offset declines in semi-custom revenue. Semi-custom sales continued to
soften in the quarter in advance of the next-generation console launches from
Sony and Microsoft planned this year. For 2020, we expect first quarter
semi-custom revenue to be negligible, and the ramp of next-generation
semi-custom products to start in the second quarter, with revenue to be heavily
weighted towards the second half of the year.

In server, revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage
as unit shipments and ASPs increased sequentially, driven by demand for our
second-gen EPYC processors. Our second-gen EPYC processors are ramping
significantly faster than the first generation as we see particular strength
for our higher core count models where our performance and TCO advantages are
the most significant.

Cloud adoption with the largest providers continues to
accelerate, driven by the expanding use of EPYC processors to power their
critical internal workloads as well as a significant increase in the number of
AMD-powered instances publicly available. Shipments to cloud providers
increased sequentially by a significant double-digit percentage to support
expanding build-outs at Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Oracle and Tencent.
Microsoft announced the availability of 4 new virtual machines, and AWS
announced 2 new EC2 instances powered by second-gen EPYC processors.

In the Enterprise, Dell began shipping their full portfolio
of servers powered by our latest EPYC processors. We have doubled the number of
EPYC processor platforms in market to more than 100 offerings in the quarter.
These new platforms are driving increased enterprise customer engagements,
broadening our sales pipeline considerably.

In HPC, we secured multiple large wins in the quarter based
on our unmatched performance and scalability, highlighted by French, German and
U.K. national supercomputing center deployments as well as the San Diego
Supercomputing Center.

We are pleased with the significant traction and momentum in
our server business and remain on track to achieve our goal of double-digit
percentage unit share by midyear based on the growing demand for our second-gen
EPYC processors.

I am very proud of our 2019 accomplishments as the successful
ramps of our latest Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC processors resulted in record annual
revenue and substantial increases in gross margin and net income.

I want to take a moment to recognize the more than 11,000
AMDers around the world, whose focus and determination enabled us to achieve
these results. We entered 2020 well positioned to continue gaining share across
the PC, gaming and server markets based on having an unmatched portfolio of
leadership products, spanning from desktops to laptops, data centers and game
consoles. With more than 27-nanometer designs in production or development, we
are very excited about our next wave of products that can accelerate our growth
in 2020 and beyond.

We are still in the early stages of our journey and remain
focused on meeting our commitments as we establish AMD as the high-performance
computing and graphics leader.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial
performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. 2019 was an
outstanding year for AMD. Our competitive product portfolio and market share
gains drove the highest annual and highest quarterly revenue in AMD's history.
We achieved our highest annual gross margin percentage and annual free cash
flow since 2011, and we improved non-GAAP earnings per share by 39%
year-over-year. In short, we are very pleased with our financial performance.

Fourth quarter revenue was $2.13 billion, up 50% from a year
ago and up 18% from the prior quarter, driven by strong sales of Ryzen and EPYC
processors and Radeon GPUs, partially offset by softer semi-custom sales. Gross
margin was 45%, up 360 basis points from a year ago, driven primarily by sales
of our leadership 7-nanometer products.

Operating expenses were $545 million, with increased
investments in go-to-market activities and R&D, compared to $474 million a
year ago. Operating income was $405 million, up $296 million from a year ago,
driven by revenue growth and higher gross margin. Operating margin was 19% as
compared to 8% a year ago. Net income was $383 million, up $296 million from a
year ago, and diluted earnings per share was $0.32 per share compared to $0.08
per share a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $1.66 billion, up 69% year-over-year, driven by
Ryzen processor and Radeon gaming GPU sales growth. Computing and Graphics
segment operating income was $360 million or 22% of revenue compared to $115
million a year ago, driven by higher revenue.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment revenue was
$465 million, up 7% from $433 million the prior year. The continued growth of
EPYC processor sales was partially offset by softer semi-custom revenue. EPYC
processor revenue grew by a strong double-digit percentage sequentially, driven
by robust shipments of our second-generation EPYC processors. EESC segment
operating income was $45 million or 10% of revenue, driven by EPYC processor
sales, compared to an operating loss of $6 million a year ago.

During the quarter, we reduced gross debt by $524 million,
which resulted in a GAAP loss of $128 million. These debt reductions result in
an annualized interest expense savings of approximately $16 million.

Free cash flow was positive $400 million in the fourth
quarter, and cash flow from operations was $442 million. Inventory was $1
billion, down 6% from the prior quarter.

Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA was $469 million compared to
$152 million a year ago, driven by higher quarterly earnings.

Now let me cover the full year results. 2019 revenue was
$6.73 billion, up 4% year-on-year, driven by strong growth in Computing and
Graphics segment and sales of second-generation EPYC processors, partially
offset by a decline in semi-custom sales. Excluding semi-custom, revenue was up
more than 20% year-over-year. Gross margin of 43% was up 420 basis points from
the prior year, driven by our current generation of Ryzen and EPYC products.
Operating expenses were 31% of revenue as we increase go-to-market activities
and investments in R&D. 2019 operating income was up 33% from a year ago to
$840 million or 12% of revenue. Net income was $756 million, up 46 -- 47% from
the prior year.

Turning to the balance sheet. I am extremely pleased with
our progress on the strengthening balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.5 billion at year-end, while gross debt was
$563 million. This represents our highest net cash position since the third
quarter of 2006. Full year free cash flow was $276 million.

We reduced principal debt by almost $1 billion in 2019, and
ended the year with less than $600 million of gross debt.

On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted EBITDA was $1.1
billion, resulting in gross leverage of 0.5x, down from 1.9x at the end of
2018.

Now turning to the outlook for the first quarter of 2020. We
expect revenue to be approximately $1.8 billion, plus or minus $50 million, an
increase of approximately 42% year-over-year and a decrease of approximately
15% sequentially. The year-over-year increase is expected to be driven by
strong growth in Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon product sales. The sequential decrease
is driven primarily by negligible semi-custom revenue, which continues to
soften in advance of the ramp of next-generation products in addition to
seasonality.

In addition, for Q1 2020, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to
be approximately 46%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $580
million; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $18
million; and the first quarter diluted share count is expected to be
approximately 1.22 billion shares.

For the full year 2020, we expect revenue growth of
approximately 28% to 30%, driven by strength across all businesses. We expect
non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 45%, non-GAAP operating expenses to
be approximately 28% of revenue and a non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 3% of
pretax income.

In closing, we had an excellent fourth quarter and an
excellent 2019. Our full year financial results highlight the strength of our
business model. I look forward to what we have in store for 2020 as we expect
to further expand and ramp our leadership portfolio of high-performance products
to drive revenue growth, gross margin expansion, market share gains and
financial momentum.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you very much, Devinder. Operator,
we're ready to begin polling for questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Securities.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Congratulations on the strong growth and execution. Lisa, for my first one, you
mentioned the goal to get to kind of this double-digit market share in servers
by the middle of the year. I'm just wondering how the visibility is around in
achieving this target. What's driving it? Is it just more instances at existing
cloud customers? And as part of that, do you also have a share target for
exiting this year?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Vivek, thank you for the questions. So,
look, we are very pleased with how Rome is ramping. We've been in market now 4
to 5 months, and the visibility that we have is -- with the cloud guys, we have
visibility to the public-facing instances as well as what they're doing in
terms of internal workloads. And what we see is just the breadth of the overall
workloads that are -- that they're using Rome with is expanding. And then on
the enterprise side, with the full portfolio of our partners, HPE, Dell, Lenovo
and the ODM partners, we see just a significantly -- significant increase in
the overall enterprise pipeline that we have for Rome. So we're very focused on
continuing to grow share in the data center market, and we feel good about our
mid-year market share targets.

In terms of our market share targets, Vivek, I think we'll
talk a little bit more at our Financial Analyst Day about some of the
longer-term targets. But certainly, for 2020, we're very focused on growing our
overall data center share.

VIVEK ARYA: And for my follow-up, Lisa. How should we
interpret the impact of capacity shortages at your main competitor? Have you
seen any benefit from that? If not, why not?

And then kind of part B is, Intel did say that they plan to
expand capacity later this year and will focus it more on the PC client side
and try to reclaim market share. What effect will that have on the pricing in
the market? And does your full year outlook kind of bake any potential impact
of that competition?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So when we look at the PC market, we
finished 2019 very strong in the overall PC market, both mobile and desktop. I
think that's primarily on the strength of the product portfolio and the
expanding customer platforms that we have. There are some discussions about,
let's call it, pockets of shortages. But as I said before, I don't believe --
we've been on this steady increase in market share now for the last 8 quarters,
and we believe we gained share in Q4 as well. So I think what we see is just
the portfolio getting a lot stronger.

As we go into 2020, I think we are, again, enthusiastic
about our products. In addition to the Zen 2-based desktop products, we've
added Zen 2 now in the notebook portfolio, and we'll have that for the full
year of 2020. So I think our outlook expects growth in all businesses,
including the PC business. And we remain very focused on expanding our market
presence in both consumer as well as commercial PCs.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from
Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, this may overlap a little bit with Vivek's question, but I was
hoping to better understand some of the key assumptions behind your full year
guidance. For both your PC business as well as the server business, can you
talk to some of the TAM assumptions that you're making and the market share
assumptions for the full year? And then I've got a quick follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Sure, sure. So let me talk first about the
market, and then talk a little bit about how we're seeing the full year. So if
you look at the PC market, I think, the discussion so far has been, let's call it,
2020, flat to maybe down slightly. There has been some concern raised about the
second half of '20 perhaps be weakened -- weaker than normal seasonality just
due to some of the enterprise refresh cycles that are strong in the first half.
We're viewing it as flat -- flattish, maybe down very slightly.

That being the case, back to the comment I made with Vivek,
I think we feel very good about our product portfolio, and especially when we
look at sort of our notebook share and our relative opportunity to gain market
share. The strength of our Ryzen 4000 series products is significantly stronger
than previous generations, and the platforms are also significantly broader. So
we feel good about that.

In the data center market, again, I would say that the growth
of computing continues. From our standpoint, we see it as a good market
environment for data center in both cloud as well as enterprise. When we look
at our full year revenue guide of approximately 28% to 30% for the year, the
highest growth from a percentage standpoint will obviously be server, just
given the expectations in that market. But we expect all of our businesses to
grow nicely in 2020. And that's just, again, based on where we are in the
product cycle and the visibility that we have with customer design wins as well
as just overall competitiveness.

TOSHIYA HARI: Great. And then I had a quick follow-up on
gross margins, one probably for Devinder. You guys are guiding Q1 gross margins
to 46% and then 45% for the full year. I appreciate your semi-custom business
is at a low point in Q1 and the ramp in Q2 and more so in the second half is
probably dilutive to corporate margins. But if you can kind of walk through
some of the puts and takes from a gross margin perspective for the year, that
would be helpful.

And then related to that, if you can compare and contrast
the gross margin profile of your semi-custom business going into the next cycle
versus the past cycle, product cycle, that would be helpful.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, let me start, and then Lisa can chime
in. Overall, from a margin standpoint, you got it right. We are guiding to the
46% in the Q1 quarter.

And then the semi-custom business, as we've said, typically,
is lower than corporate average. So as that product ramps in the second half,
obviously, will have an impact on gross margin. The guide for the year is at
45%. So we feel good about that having ended 2019 at the 43% level.

And from a puts and takes standpoint, it's certainly product
mix. And Lisa talked about the business is ramping and growing in 2020, with a
28% to 30% growth in revenue. Data center, as we've said before, is above
corporate average. The client gross margin is around corporate average. And
some graphics and then the semi-custom business has below corporate average gross
margins. And that mix of revenue, as it ramps throughout the year, will
obviously have an impact on a quarterly basis. From an annual standpoint, we
feel pretty good with the guide at 45%, in particular with the 7-nanometer
products ramping as we get to the year. And that obviously benefits the gross
margin.

Semi-custom business, Lisa, you want to chime in on the
difference between generation to generation?

LISA T. SU: Yes. No, I think -- I just said, Devinder, the
semi-custom margins tend to be below corporate average on a gross margin basis.
Although, on an operating margin basis, given the contribution from our
customers for the R&D, is actually quite good. As it relates generation to
generation, the way to think about it is, in the first year of a console ramp,
you would expect the margins to be on the lower side. And that's true no matter
what, just because you're just starting the product ramp. And you should expect
that the margins will get better as that ramp continues over time.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from
Cowen.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I wanted to just start with a
question about the, I guess, comparing and contrasting a little bit, maybe a little
weaker than we had -- some of us had modeled and, I guess, due to the console
stuff for Q1 in the guidance versus a really strong, so 28% to 30% growth for
the year. Maybe if you could just sort of lay out the year a little bit at a
high level and just how you guys are sort of thinking about it coming together
from the point of Q1.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So look, Matt, we're pretty excited about
2020. It's a strong year for us, certainly, with the expectations of being
around 28% to 30% revenue growth. We do expect all of our businesses to grow. I
think relative to the Q1 guide, if you look at Q1 as an absolute number, it is
up over 40% year-on-year, even with semi-custom revenues very low in Q1. And so
that should give you an idea of the strength of the rest of the business.

From a sequential basis, Q4 to Q1, it's what we said on the
call. There is some bit of normal seasonality, just as we are consumer-focused
in our PC portfolio. So you expect that, that would go down from Q4 to Q1. And
then we do have the factor that the semi-custom profile when we're doing a
product transition has the revenue very low in Q1. It starts ramp in Q2, but
it's very heavily weighted in the second half of the year. So you should think
about semi-custom for this year, again, it's a ramp year, so it's a little bit
different, that over 80% of the revenue for semi-custom will be in the second
half of the year compared to the first half of the year. So overall, we think a
very strong year. A little bit of reprofiling of revenue, particularly as it
relates to semi-custom. And we look forward to executing it.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: As a follow-up, I guess, for both of you,
but maybe for Devinder. Just a couple of little pieces. For me, it looks like,
on the operating expense side, you're going to be up in the neighborhood of
mid-20s for the full year in the annual guidance that you outlined. Maybe you
could talk a little bit about the focus of that. Is it branding and marketing
in the PC and server spaces as you grow? Or is it in other areas in R&D?

And then, secondly, I think you guys had disclosed the data
center revenue mix. So GPU plus server in prior quarters. And if you have that
number handy, that would be really helpful.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, let me take the second one first. Data
center, it's, as we said in the past, mid-teens of revenue. In this quarter, it
is around the same, mid-teens of the total revenue. And I'll point out that it
is record revenue in the quarter, so that's pretty good. And we feel pretty
good about that, having mid-teens revenue in the data center, combined server
and data center GPU, on revenue of $2.1 billion.

As far as OpEx is concerned, our guide for the year is about
28% of the revenue guide that we provided. And you are right, fundamentally,
the investments are R&D and go-to-market. And obviously, the business is
growing. So obviously, there's investments needed to go ahead and grow the
business from an absolute standpoint. But we feel we can manage it to about 28%
of our revenue overall for the year.

LISA T. SU: Matt, the only thing I'll add to that is for the
data center revenue, particularly in Q4, it was very heavily weighted towards
server CPU, just given some of the lumpiness of the data center GPU revenue.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, MD & SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Great. I had one for Devinder and one for
Lisa. For Devinder, the -- I think it's impressive that the cash that you
generated 10 years ago, you were at $4 billion of net debt, now you're net cash
positive. I didn't think back then we'd expect you to be here. But how should
we think about capital structure going forward? And the -- and for the $400
million -- $440 million in cash flow from operations, could -- I had a
challenge reconciling it. Can you share the biggest 2 or 3 sources of cash?

And then for Lisa, the last time AMD had a product cycle in
servers, I think you were gaining -- once you hit 5% share, you started to gain
share at 2% or 3% or 4%, 400 basis point clip per quarter. How should -- what
is the right kind of cadence or pace of share gains in servers this cycle? And
maybe you could just talk about, structurally, what gates your ability to -- or
the pace of your ability to gain share? Is it capacity from your suppliers? Is
it your own engineering support infrastructure? Or is it your customers testing
and importing workloads? If you could give us a framework to think about that,
I think that would be helpful.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, let me get started, Mark. You do have a
long memory, and so do I. I do remember the days when we had the challenge on
the balance sheet. And one thing we feel good as we end 2019 is the strength of
the balance sheet, and in particular, the net cash position we haven't been in
many, many years, as we pointed out in the prepared remarks.

From a capital structure standpoint, another priority is
investing in the business. The revenue is growing significantly in 2020 is what
we're projecting at 28% to 30% over 2019. And also, we want to invest in the
road map, the go-to-market and everything that's needed when the revenue ramps
as significantly as it is going from year-over-year. So that's really the
allocation priorities.

From a viewpoint of where the $440 million comes from,
higher revenue, especially when you look at the revenue in Q3 and Q4 of 2019
compared to the first half of the year, we did go ahead and buy the inventory
to go ahead and support the higher revenue. And as you know, when you sell that
revenue, in particular, when it ramps up as it did on better margins, it
generates the cash. And that's why you have the $440 million-plus operating
cash flow from an overall standpoint. Lisa, over to you.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Mark, as it relates to just server rate
and pace, I think the most important thing for us is when we look at from time
of announcement or time of shipment to how customers actually deploy and trying
to shorten that cycle. So when I look at the difference between, let's call it,
Rome and Naples, we've seen that time to deploy actually significantly
shortened with Rome. And so in terms of rate and pace of server share gain, it
is primarily for cloud customers. It is having them deployed, not just sort of
a set of instances, but ensuring that they get fully built out across all
regions in the world, and also adding additional workloads. So it's just time
is what I would say.

And then as it relates to Enterprise customers, I think the
platform coverage that we have with Rome is significantly broader than it was
with Naples. And so I'm quite encouraged, actually, by the strength of the
pipeline that we see, the number of customers that are engaged, and then just
how they're deploying. So I think we're going at a good pace, and we'll
continue to accelerate that as we go through 2020.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I had a -- first, a question on gross
margin, especially into Q1. You said consoles are negligible. Gross margins are
46%, so that suggests that, that 46% is basically indicative of the business as
it stands without consoles. So does that represent kind of the peak of the
business on the current mix? I'm a little surprised it's not higher, given all
the new products in aggregate, we're supposed to have gross margins in excess
of 50%, and most of the mix today should be new products. So I guess, how do we
think about the Q1 gross margins in the context of that? And what are the
drivers that take it higher from here? Is it basically just server mix? Or is
there something else that can help with that?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Let me get started, and Lisa can add. But
Stacy, as we talked about product transitions, the 46% guide in Q1, we recently
introduced the next-generation notebook products. And as product transitions
go, you still have legacy product that you sell before you get converted over
to the new technology and the new generation products. The desktop products
were ahead of that from that standpoint, and that did benefit our margin in the
2019 time frame. And you are right, the console being negligible revenue in Q1
of 2020, it does benefit, and the margin is 46%.

And from an overall standpoint for the year, it is 45%, and
that's because the semi-custom business, which is lower than corporate average,
does come back. And as Lisa said earlier, we're expecting 80% of that in the
back half of the year. But by that time, also, the new generation products and
the other businesses including data center and client reramping all on 7
nanometers, and that should help the gross margin to offset some of the impact
that we have on the semi-custom business.

LISA T. SU: No, that's good, Stacy. I was just going to add
to what Devinder said. So we don't expect the client notebook mix to fully cut
over to the new 7-nanometer products until later in the year. And in terms of
opportunities to improve margins, it is definitely product mix. So higher mix
of server as well as higher mix of, let's call it, Ryzen 7s and Ryzen 5s versus
some of the legacy products.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. For my follow-up, if I sort of
squint at the second half, it seems to me you're probably guiding it
implicitly, call it, $800 million to $1 billion over the second half of 2019.
How much of that do you think is consoles versus nonconsoles? Because it's not
hard to get a console number, especially in the beginning of a ramp that's not
that far off that number, which doesn't leave all that much room to ramp the
rest of the business. So is this just conservatism? Or what else are you
expecting here? How much of that second half do you think is consoles versus
nonconsoles?

LISA T. SU: Well, I think, as I perhaps answered to one of
the earlier questions, when I look at the full year at 28% to 30% sort of
revenue growth, expect server to be significantly above that. And then the rest
of the businesses are all going to grow nicely. And so you would expect
significant double-digit growth in the client business as well as in the
semi-custom business. And overall, we see the aggregate of it to be a very
strong year. So it is not all console-weighted, if that's what you're asking.

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay. Wouldn't you get that just from
the nature of the ramp that we saw in 2019, we'd be doing the compare already?
I guess I'm trying -- that's why I'm trying to sort of normalize second half to
second half. You think you get strong double digits in second half versus
second half growth across all the businesses?

LISA T. SU: I would say, in aggregate, you will see -- so
let me help you with this way. So what we said in 2019 is, 2019, overall, we
grew 4% on an annual basis, but excluding semi-custom, we grew over 20% through
all the rest of the businesses. If I do that same type of calculation,
excluding semi-custom for 2020, we would still say the rest of the businesses
would grow greater than 20%.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from David Wong from
Instinet.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD, NOMURA SECURITIES CO. LTD., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Devinder, you said the sequential decrease in the March 2020 quarter
is driven primarily by the drop in game console chips. Does that mean that you
expect your microprocessor and graphics revenues will be flattish sequentially?
Or if not, roughly, what does your guidance assume in terms of percentage
sequential drop for, say, PC processors and GPUs? Do you get server processors
sales rising sequentially?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I don't think I said specifically that Q4 to
Q1 is all due to semi-custom. That obviously helps the margin. But there is a
product mix underneath that, that helps, especially with the notebook products
that we talked about, that are moving to 7 nanometers.

And then I think your second question about sequential from
Q1 outwards, is that right, David?

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: No, no. I was talking about revenues
from December into Q1, the sequential drop. Can you give us some idea of -- I
mean there's a big chunk that's game consoles, right? But I mean, what about
the nongame console part of it?

DEVINDER KUMAR: It's seasonality, seasonality in the
business. We have the consumer weight from a revenue standpoint in our CG
segment, and we go from Q4 to Q1, and you do have the seasonality coming into
play. And typical seasonality is what's driving the other portion of the
decline in revenue from Q4 to Q1.

LISA T. SU: Yes. David, I think what you're asking is we
would expect that the Computing and Graphics segment would be down sequentially
due to seasonality, and we would expect that server CPUs should be up because
we're continuing to ramp those processors sequentially.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Okay, great. And Lisa, can you give us
some idea of what new GPUs you're expecting to launch through the rest of 2020
for PCs and for data center?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So in 2019, we launched our new
architecture in GPUs, it's the RDNA architecture, and that was the Navi-based
products. You should expect that those will be refreshed in 2020, and we'll
have next-generation RDNA architecture that will be part of our 2020 lineup. So
we're pretty excited about that, and we'll talk more about that at our
Financial Analyst Day.

And on the data center GPU side, you should also expect that
we'll have some new products in the second half of this year.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Great. Devinder, you had talked about consumer graphics as
being below corporate gross margin. I guess I was thinking that -- I know
you've historically had a high cost structure because of high bandwidth memory.
But as the product portfolio increasingly doesn't use high bandwidth memory, is
there the prospect to improve that for consumer GPU to be closer to where your
competitors' gross margins are?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I don't think I specifically said that. I
said some of our graphics products are below corporate average from a gross
margin standpoint, in addition to the semi-custom being below average.

LISA T. SU: And I think, Joe, maybe just to answer your
question in terms of what we expect in consumer graphics. I think -- look,
we're investing in consumer graphics. We think gaming is a very important
segment, whether we're talking about consoles or discrete graphics. And the
work that we're doing around the RDNA architecture and the future generations
of RDNA architecture we believe will continue to improve our offerings for both
consumer graphics as well as data center graphics.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: Okay, great. And then with the new
console builds, you mentioned that, that starts in Q2, but it's mostly in the
back half of the year. I guess as you think about that opportunity from a unit
standpoint, is it the right way to look at it sort of a similar number of units
to what we had in the first year of the current console cycle?

Or is there -- does the compatibility that you bring when
you have an x86 CPU still and there's probably a little bit more similarity
between the consoles, could that point us to a sort of a better console unit
market in 2020 than we saw 6 years ago? Like how are you thinking about it,
just to size that opportunity?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we do think there's some pent-up demand
for the next generation of consoles. Without forecasting what our customers are
planning, I would say they're both -- we're planning for a strong first year,
and we'll have to see how things develop as we go through the ramp. But the
overall sentiment is that there has been, let's call it, a lull in console
sales in the second half of 2019 going into in 2020, sort of -- for some of
this anticipation of the next generation.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Blayne
Curtis from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe just following up on Joe. I just
want to make sure I heard you right. I thought you said the semi-custom as well
we grew at double digits, I just want to confirm that.

And then just following on, I don't know what the units are
going to be, but is there a content or ASP story to layer on top of that
equation as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I did say that semi-custom should grow
double-digit as well. And again, it's a strong year for us. And then as it
relates to content, again, it's fair to say that there is additional content in
this generation versus previous generation.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: Got you. And then maybe just on the
gross margin equation. Is there a way to talk about the mix of 7-nanometer?
That's a big tailwind. Still seems early days, at least, across a couple of
your products. Is there a way to kind of think about the whole company and what
the mix of 7 is?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we just completed the fourth quarter,
and it was a very strong quarter for us, record revenue for the company. And I
would say about half of that revenue was 7-nanometer-based, and the other half,
not yet. And so there is still a significant ramp as we go into 2020. But we're
pleased with how quickly we ramped in 2019.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes.
Congratulations on solid results. I just want to go back to the gross margin
bridge from Q1 to the full year. I just want to make sure I understand. The
drop from Q1 to the full year, is that 100% being driven just by gaming coming
back more aggressively in the back half of the year? Or have you baked in
anything for either pricing competition from the #1 guy out there or some share
shifts? How do I think about that? Is it all about gaming?

LISA T. SU: I think if you -- maybe Devinder, you...

DEVINDER KUMAR: No, go ahead.

LISA T. SU: All right. So I think if you look at it, the
predominant factor, if you're talking about Q1 guide at 46% versus full year at
45%, it's just as we wrap those consoles, there are some -- yes, there's some
impact of that. As it relates to the pricing environment and what we're
expecting, we're expecting a competitive pricing environment, and that's the
way we built our model. So we've always expected that the competition will be
very aggressive on both the CPU as well as the GPU side. And that is part of
the inherent model for the company.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: That's helpful, Lisa. And then you guys
have a ton of goodness on your immediate plate on the server side and the data
center side, just with the workloads you're going after. But I'm kind of
curious, you answered an earlier question saying expect more GPUs for the data
center. And I don't want you to preannounce product, but how should I think
about your positioning for AIs and workload and acceleration?

And just given some of the heavy lifting that NVIDIA had to
do around CUDA, how do I think about the investment there? Is this an area that
you think you have some unique IP you can bring to? Or how do I think about
that over the next couple of years?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think that's actually a good way of
talking about the opportunity, John. I think the CPU opportunity is very
immediate and in front of us as we look at the opportunities with Rome and the
expanding opportunities. I think the data center GPU market continues to be an
important growth vector for us, and now I call that over the several-year horizon.
So when you look at the opportunities that we have, when we combine our CPU and
GPU IP together, they're very, very strong. I mean, for example, this is the
reason that we won the Oak Ridge National Lab Supercomputer with Frontier,
which were actually both a CPU and a GPU win, and some of the optimization that
we've done with that overall system. We think that there are additional
opportunities like that as well as machine learning and AI opportunities. Our
focus there has been to work with large cloud providers to optimize the machine
learning frameworks. And we had some key milestones that we completed in the
fourth quarter that will continue to be a focus for us in 2020 and beyond.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: Is it fair to say some of the GPU data
center announcements this year go beyond just the cloud gaming market?

LISA T. SU: Yes. I think you should expect that we will have
additional sort of customer announcements outside of cloud gaming.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Timothy Arcuri
from UBS.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI, MD AND HEAD OF SEMICONDUCTORS &
SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess I had
another question, just -- well, that's really on gross margin. (inaudible) of
the year's revenue in the semi-custom would be in the back half, but how does
that break out between September and December? I guess I asked that because I'm
just trying to see what the gross margin will be exiting this year if you strip
out semi-custom. Could it be 50% exiting the year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think it's hard to break it down that way.
We are in the initial stages of planning for the ramp, and you're asking about
Q3, Q4. We are projecting about 80% of the semi-custom revenue growing double
digits year-over-year in Q3 and Q4. And typically, when we have this new game
launches, our peak quarter from a revenue standpoint in semi-custom will be Q3.
But Q4, when you talk about the ramp of the product, especially in the first
year of the ramp, it's hard to project how much it will be and then what the
impact would be exiting 2020 from a gross margin, excluding semi-custom. Maybe
as we get closer to that, I'm talking about 3 to 6 months, we can probably give
you a better idea of that.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI: I got it, okay. And then can you just
talk about what your share targets are for the year in PC? I think you're 17,
18 in notebook and you're maybe 14 in desktop. Can you just talk about how much
share you think that you can gain this year given all the moving parts with the
shortages and whatnot?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I'm not sure I'm going to forecast a
share target for 2020. I will say though, if you take a look back at the last 8
quarters, we've been on a fairly steady share gain in PCs, somewhere between --
depending on the quarter, let's call it, 50 to 100 basis points per quarter,
and that changes between desktop and notebook. I think we grew somewhere on the
order of 4 points a share. So we believe that we still have additional
opportunities, and particularly, our focus is going to be both notebook as well
as commercial. And those are good opportunities for us and play well to our new
Ryzen 4000 mobile processors.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mitch Steves from
RBC Capital Markets.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Most of my questions been answered, and it kind of lines up
with the model we got here, but I just want to make sure I got a couple of
quick questions. And so, basically, for Q4, it looks like semi-custom is
probably down 50% sequentially or somewhere around that range. Is that -- am I
at least in the ballpark?

And then, secondly, from a server perspective, I'm not
expecting you to give numbers on this, but maybe qualitatively, how much of
your revenue is going to be cloud versus enterprise? And I think that's one of
the bigger debates, and I don't expect specifics, but anything you could to
help us understand what should be the mix between cloud and enterprise for
calendar '20.

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Mitch. So look, I think you're right.
When you look at the semi-custom business in the fourth quarter, it is -- it
was a bit softer than originally anticipated. So we had originally said last
quarter that we thought the second half of the year would be down high-30s, and
we were actually down more than that for the second half of the year and for
Q4. And as it relates to mix of cloud versus enterprise for 2020, I mean, it
will move around from quarter-to-quarter. But I think the best guess at this
point is, let's call it, roughly even between the two.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Srini
Pajjuri from SMBC.

SRINIVAS REDDY PAJJURI, RESEARCH ANALYST, SMBC NIKKO
SECURITIES AMERICA, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, maybe on the supply side,
you're guiding for a pretty strong growth here. I'm just curious, have you
already logged in the supply for 7-nanometer?

And as we go into second half of the year, especially as you
ramp the game consoles, I believe that those die sizes tend to be very large.
I'm just curious if you were to get upside, how are you feeling about your
supply situation?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So TSMC has supported us very well through
the first couple of quarters of our 7-nanometer ramp here in 2019. I think, as
we go into 2020, there will certainly be a significant growth for us in
7-nanometer. Our current visibility supports the revenue guide that we gave
you. It is fair to say that wafer supply is tight, and so it's really important
for us to be planning well with our customers, and that's what we're working
on.

OPERATOR: We reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or
closing comments.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining
us today. We do look forward to having you join us on Thursday, the 5th of
March, for our Financial Analyst Day, which will also be broadcast from our
website.

Thank you very much. Have a great day, and we'll talk with
you again soon.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference.
You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank
you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012820a12995887.787










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); COMPANY
EARNINGS (89%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (79%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

NOMURA SECURITIES CO LTD (72%);

JEFFERIES LLC (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

SECURITIES AMERICA INC
(69%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); GS (NYSE) (84%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%);
MS (NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (97%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (84%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING
(84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES &
AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); NAICS523991 TRUST,
FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (69%); NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT
& GENERAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES (56%); BANKING & FINANCE
(92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(90%); SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (89%); REAL ESTATE (78%); WEBCASTS (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%);
CONSULTING SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); INTERNET & WWW
(75%); WEBSITES (67%)










 LISA SU (92%); MICHAEL A ARCURI (71%)










 SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA, CA, USA (72%); CALIFORNIA, USA
(79%)










 February 2, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
29, 2019 Tuesday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 8342 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Aaron Christopher Rakers

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD of IT
Hardware & Networking Equipment and Senior Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division - MD

* Harsh V. Kumar

Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Timothy Michael Arcuri

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Head of
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As
a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It's now my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves.
Please go ahead.

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Third Quarter 2019 Financial Results
Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy
of our earnings release and slides. If you have not reviewed these items, they
can be found on the Investor Relations page of AMD's website, amd.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on our website.

I would like to highlight some important dates for you. On
Wednesday, November 6, Mark Papermaster, Executive Vice President and Chief
Technology Officer, will present at that Bernstein Technology Summit in New
York City. On Monday, December 9, Ruth Cotter, Senior Vice President of
Worldwide Marketing, Human Resources and Investor Relations, will present at
the UBS Global Technology Conference, also in New York City. On Thursday,
December 12, Forrest Norrod, Senior Vice President and General Manager of the
Data Center and Embedded Solutions group will present at the Barclays
Technology Conference in San Francisco. And our Fourth Quarter 2019 quiet time
is expected to begin at the close of business on Friday, December 13.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations. We will refer
primarily to non-GAAP financial metrics during this call, except for revenue
and segment operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP
financial measures referenced today are reconciled on their most -- to their
most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in today's press release, which
is posted on our website. Please refer to the cautionary statement in our press
release for more information. You will also find detailed discussions about our
risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in particular, AMD's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2019.

Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. I am pleased with our strong third quarter execution and
results. We delivered our highest quarterly revenue since 2005, our highest
quarterly gross margin since 2012 and increased net income significantly, all
driven by our first full quarter of 7-nanometer Ryzen, Radeon and EPYC
processor sales. Third quarter revenue of $1.8 billion increased 9%
year-over-year and 18% sequentially, and we expanded gross margin by 3 percentage
points year-over-year.

Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue
increased 36% year-over-year and sequentially. Demand for Ryzen desktop and
notebook processors drove a significant increase in unit shipments and ASP,
resulting in our highest client processor quarterly revenue since 2011. We saw
particularly strong demand for our top-end Ryzen processors, and believe we
gained client processor unit share for the eighth straight quarter. In
desktops, we are seeing strong demand for our Ryzen 3000 and previous
generation Ryzen 2000 processors. Both product families are consistently among
the top sellers at leading e-tailers and retailers globally. In commercial, HP
and Lenovo announced new desktop PCs powered by our Ryzen PRO 3000 series processors
in the third quarter. We are continuing to expand our presence in the
commercial market as more financial, retail, education and health care
customers purchase AMD-based PCs and Chromebooks to power their businesses. We
are on track to expand our desktop product offerings in November with the
launches of the industry's first 16-core mainstream desktop processor as well
as our third-generation Ryzen Threadripper processor family. These products
will offer unmatched combinations of core counts, performance and energy
efficiency for the most demanding high-end desktop and content creation
applications.

In mobile, we had another quarter of strong double-digit
percentage notebook processor revenue growth driven by our virtual product mix
and increased unit shipments. The number of AMD-powered laptops from major OEMs
has increased by 50% this year, including multiple premium notebooks like the
first ever AMD-powered Microsoft Surface laptop. We collaborated closely with
Microsoft over several years to develop the AMD-exclusive 15-inch consumer
Surface laptop 3, which includes a custom Ryzen Microsoft Surface edition
processor and multiple operating system and software optimizations that will
benefit all AMD-powered Windows systems. We are very pleased with our momentum
in the client business this year and expect client processor revenue to grow
sequentially in the fourth quarter as we head into the seasonally strong
holiday season.

In graphics, revenue increased year-over-year driven largely
by higher channel GPU sales. Shipments of our Radeon 5000 GPU family, featuring
our RDNA architecture, increased sequentially and we are seeing solid demand
for the new products based on their competitive performance and features. For
mainstream gamers, we began shipping the Radeon RX 5500 GPU in the third
quarter. Acer, HP, Lenovo and MSI announced plans to offer the new GPU in their
upcoming PCs and multiple AIB partners plan to launch RX 5500 cards during the
fourth quarter.

Data center GPU sales were down sequentially and roughly
flat year-over-year. We added multiple cloud and HPC wins in the quarter,
highlighted by Microsoft's announcement of a new remote desktop offering for
graphics-intensive workloads powered by EPYC CPUs and Radeon Instinct GPUs. We
are making good progress growing this margin accretive part of our business as
we continue expanding our footprint with marquee customers and targeted data
center workloads.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue decreased 27% from a year ago, as significantly higher server processor
revenue was offset by lower semi-custom sales. We expect semi-custom demand to
further soften in the fourth quarter now that both Microsoft and Sony have
announced new AMD-powered consoles for holiday 2020.

In server, we had our highest quarterly CPU revenue since
2006 as strong second-generation EPYC processor demand drove a greater than 50%
sequential increase in unit shipments and revenue. Second-gen EPYC processors
are the highest performance server CPUs in the industry and have set more than
100 world records. Our newest EPYC processors feature up to 64 cores and
deliver a 25% to 50% TCO advantage versus competitive offerings. As a result of
our clear performance leadership and differentiated feature set, we are building
momentum with cloud, enterprise and HPC customers.

In cloud, Amazon AWS, IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, OVHcloud,
Twitter and Tencent all announced plans to deploy EPYC processors in their data
centers. At our launch event, Google became the latest mega data center
provider to adopt EPYC processors as they announced second-generation EPYC
processors have been deployed across their internal infrastructure production
data center environment and will also be used to power the Google Cloud
platform.

In enterprise, Dell, HPE and Lenovo more than doubled their
AMD-powered server portfolio as they launched new platforms featuring
second-gen EPYC processors, helping us add dozens of new telecom, healthcare,
financial services, manufacturing and energy customers in the quarter. We also
secured multiple new HPC wins in the quarter, including 3 separate U.S.
Department of Defense supercomputers and what is expected to be the fastest
scientific computer in the U.K. We expect server revenue to grow sequentially
by a strong double-digit percentage in the fourth quarter as we continue
ramping our second-generation EPYC processors. We remain on track to achieve
our near-term goal of double-digit server CPU share by mid-next year.

In summary, we are right where we want to be on our
long-term strategic plan. We have the strongest product portfolio in our
history. We executed our product launches and production ramps very well in the
third quarter as our new products grow higher revenue, margin expansion and
increase profitability. We're on track to exit 2019 with another quarter of
significant growth driven by the ramp of our 7-nanometer products and believe
we are well positioned to build our momentum in 2020 and beyond as we deliver
an even stronger set of leadership products that can drive sustained growth and
increase share of the $75 billion market for high-performance Computing and
Graphics technologies.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our third quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. We are
pleased with our strong third quarter financial results with revenue of $1.8
billion, up 18% quarter-over-quarter and our highest quarterly revenue since
the fourth quarter of 2005. The third quarter showcases our financial momentum
and the strength of our business model with operating income and net income
growing significantly year-over-year. Quarterly revenue was up 9% from a year
ago as strong sales of Ryzen and EPYC processors and Radeon gaming GPUs more
than offset lower semi-custom sales. Gross margin of 43% was up 320 basis
points from a year ago, our tenth consecutive quarter of year-over-year
expansion. Operating expenses grew 13% year-over-year to $539 million primarily
driven by increased R&D investments and support for our new product
introductions. Operating income was $240 million, up $54 million or 29% from a
year ago due to increased revenue from new higher margin products. Operating
margin was 13%, up 210 basis points from a year ago. Net income was $219
million, up $69 million or 46% from a year ago. And diluted earnings per share
was $0.18 per share compared to $0.13 per share a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $1.28 billion, up 36% year-over-year driven by
strong client processor and gaming GPU sales. Computing and Graphics segment
operating income was $179 million compared to $100 million a year ago driven by
higher Ryzen processor sales. Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-custom segment
revenue was $525 million, down from $715 million the prior year. As
anticipated, semi-custom revenue was lower in the third quarter as the market
awaits next-generation AMD-powered game consoles from Sony and Microsoft. EPYC
data center CPU revenue grew by over 50% sequentially driven by shipments of
our second-generation product in the quarter. EESC segment operating income was
$61 million compared to $86 million a year ago due to lower revenue and higher
operating expenses.

Turning to the balance sheet. I'm very pleased with the
continuing improvement of our balance sheet. Cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter, higher
than the gross debt of $1.1 billion resulting in AMD being net cash positive.
During the quarter, we retired $206 million of debt, which resulted in a loss
of $40 million recorded on our GAAP income statement. The reduction in debt
included $126 million of convertible senior notes in exchange for 16 million
shares. Year-to-date, we have reduced gross debt by $441 million. Free cash
flow was positive $179 million in the third quarter and cash flow from
operations was $234 million. Inventory was $1 billion, up slightly from the
prior quarter in anticipation of higher revenue in the fourth quarter. Adjusted
EBITDA was $300 million compared to $227 million a year ago driven by higher
quarterly earnings. On a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted EBITDA was $745
million and gross leverage at the end of the quarter was 1.5x.

Now turning to the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2019.
We expect revenue to be approximately $2.1 billion plus or minus $50 million,
an increase of approximately 48% year-over-year and 17% sequentially. The
sequential and year-over-year increases are expected to be driven by growth in
Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon processor sales offset by a further softening of
semi-custom processor revenue. In addition, for Q4 2019, we expect non-GAAP gross
margin to be approximately 44%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately
$535 million; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately
$22 million; and fourth quarter diluted share count is expected to be
approximately 1.21 billion shares.

In closing, we had an excellent third quarter and remain
focused on ramping our leadership portfolio of high-performance products to
deliver strong revenue growth and gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready
to go ahead and poll for our first question, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First one for Lisa. You had mention the total cost of
ownership in your prepared comments, and I wonder -- I guess, I could imagine
that the total cost of ownership over a lifetime of a 7-nanometer server chip
might be greater than the price of a server chip when compared to a
14-nanometer server chip. And so I'm wondering if you could maybe just clarify
the comments you made on total cost of ownership and quantify, if that is the
case, how you see it. And how many -- what percentage of your data center
customers actually look at total cost of ownership in evaluating the products?
Is it -- does everybody do that? Or do some just look at the price? And I'm
wondering, like, what do you think that has -- impact that might have on the
competitive pricing environment? That's the first question.

LISA T. SU: Sure. Thanks for the question, Mark. So -- I
mean maybe let me give some context on sort of the data center business for us,
and then I'll answer your question. Look, I think from what we see, there is a
very strong value proposition for Rome. When you look at just what we're able
to do from just the amount of performance, the power consumption and then how
that plays into total cost of ownership. We see it across all workloads, so
whether you're talking about a virtualized environment or you're talking about
high-performance computing or you're talking about the Enterprise sort of
workloads, we see a strong performance as well as strong total cost of
ownership. To your exact question, I think, server purchases -- or server
purchasers are very, I would say, sophisticated. And so in most cases, total
cost of ownership is definitely in the conversation. And it's not just about
performance but performance at a given power level and also in terms of a given
density. And that has played out in a number of our customer engagements. And
so the overall point of -- we think that Rome is very well positioned. Price in
and of itself is one factor, but I would say it's not the primary factor. I
think the performance, power, total cost of ownership are all important buying
factors, and we've seen very, very strong engagement from customers
across-the-board, across all workloads for these drivers.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: And a follow-up, if I may, on the -- when
you think about your share gain -- your potential to gain share as you look
into 2020, can you talk about what you view as the biggest potential gating
factors in that and like how you're managing those potential factors? And I'm
hoping you can talk to your view on availability of 7-nanometer wafers or --
and engineering support for your customers who are trying to put together
solutions.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Sure, Mark. So a couple different questions
there. Let me try to get through it. I will say, since our launch of Rome in
August, we've had a very strong start. Now we had a full quarter of revenue
here in the third quarter, and we saw that in sort of the ramp of units and
revenue. What we are seeing is that the qualifications are going faster with
the second-generation of EPYC than with the first generation, so customers are
familiar with our platforms. In some cases, customers are doing drop-in
platforms, and so they can take virtually the same or a very similar platform
that they had for first-gen and drop-in the second-gen. They're familiar with
our architecture. And so I think, from a market share standpoint, we feel good
about the transition from Naples to Rome. I think the platform readiness across
our OEMs and number of platforms that we have across the major OEMs is also
very strong, and we're pleased with the set that are -- that have both new and
existing platforms there. And so from the standpoint of where we are going in
the fourth quarter into 2020, I think we feel very, very good about where we
are with the data center customers.

As it relates to customer support and all that stuff, like I
said, customers are much, much more familiar with the architecture in the
second-generation compared to the first generation. And that is good for the
ramp of Rome. As it relates to -- I think you asked about the 7-nanometer ramp
and the availability there, we had a very large ramp here in the third quarter
with 7-nanometer. We essentially ramped 3 full product families, Ryzen, EPYC as
well as our Radeon gaming product families, in the third quarter. And it went
very well. We're very pleased with it. It's the fastest ramp that we have done
certainly in recent memory. And going into the fourth quarter and into 2020, I
think we feel very good about the availability of Rome as well as the rest of
our products.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from David Wong
from Instanet.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD, NOMURA SECURITIES CO. LTD., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Can you give us an idea of what your revenues were from 7-nanometer
products in the September quarter and what you reckon they'll be in the
December quarter?

LISA T. SU: I think what I can say, David, and I'll start.
Maybe Devinder has some additional comments. The ramp for 7-nanometer has gone
very quickly in -- here in the third quarter. When we look at overall new
product revenue, certainly in the third quarter, we had a significant piece of
that be 7-nanometer. That will increase again as we go into the fourth quarter
as well. And so the way to think about it is, for our major product lines,
we're transitioning very fast from 14 to 7.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Okay, great. And within your Computing
and Graphics segment, that 36% sequential growth, could you give us an idea of
how -- what client CPU sales grew sequentially and separately, what the PC GPU
sales sequential growth was?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So if you look at the CG segment from a
sequential standpoint, we saw the client CPUs increase the most, and those were
certainly the driver being both desktop and mobile. Desktop was higher than
mobile, but both grew very nicely. If you look at GPUs overall, they actually
declined a bit sequentially, and that decline was primarily driven by data
center GPUs, which declined just due to some of the buying cycles in the cloud.
Overall, gaming did well. And we continue to expect that, as we go into the
fourth quarter, you'll see that the data center GPUs will increase as well, as
I mentioned in the prepared remarks, that client and graphics would also
increase.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from
Cowen.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Before I jump into questions, just
congrats to Devinder on being cash positive. The -- Lisa, a couple questions on
Rome. We've been tracking some of the strength at Google, Microsoft and Amazon,
but I wonder if you might comment a little bit about the server business in
China given some disruptions there, just overall CapEx and also, the OEM
business that you're now ramping with Dell, HP, and Lenovo, and how you expect
those things to trend over the next couple of quarters.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Matt, as we look -- so let me answer the
first question as it relates to the cloud customers. I think we are very
pleased with the cloud adoption. We are engaged across all major Tier 1 and
many of the Tier 2 service providers, and I think we're making good progress
there. As it relates specifically to China, we are well engaged there in both
cloud and enterprise. Obviously, there is a little bit of disruption due to
some of the China customers that are on the entities list and we follow that
closely. But as it relates -- overall, I think we're -- we believe that there
is strong pull for Rome both across cloud as well as Enterprise. On the
enterprise side, what I will say is that the HPC market has been really good
for us. And so we have won quite a few of the bids and they tend to be early
adopters of the technology. And so that's one indication of the strong value
proposition. As we go into more general Enterprise, the launch of HPE, Dell and
Lenovo as well as Supermicro and the other ODM platforms is broader than our --
the first generation of EPYC, and we're seeing that in the pipeline that we
see. So a lot of activity going on right now, and we feel really good about how
that's going to develop over the next couple of quarters in terms of Enterprise
wins.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Just as a follow-up from me on the client
business. Obviously, a lot of progress that's been made with the results that
you've just put up. And I kind of go back to some comments made by your primary
competitor on their call, I think, talking about tightness in their own 14-nanometer
supply and also that they've maybe not addressed some of the lower tiers of the
market, yet your ASPs are up quite strongly. I wonder how much some of the
supply tightness from your competitor might have led to these gains versus sort
of the merits of your own product. If there's anything you could talk about
that, Lisa, that would be really helpful.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Sure, Matt. Well, the client business has
really had a very strong year, I mean, if you look at how it's played out over
the last couple of quarters. I'll say that, in our desktop portfolio, the
third-gen Ryzen has done very, very well. It's extremely well positioned. And
where we're seeing the highest demand is at the highest tier sort of in the
Ryzen 9 and the Ryzen 7. And so that's why you see the ASP strength in the
business. Mobile is also ramping very nicely and what we're seeing, again, in
mobile is the mix of Ryzen is now a predominant mix of the business. And we're
seeing actually very nice momentum in commercial as well as our traditional
consumer market, so we also see good sequential growth in ASPs there. There is
some noise in the system as it relates to some supply constraints and all that
stuff. I would view that as mostly -- again, it's pockets at the low end. I
don't think it's a significant driver of our business. Our business is driven
primarily by our new platforms, the fact that we are in a number of premium
platforms on both the notebook side as well as just the strength that we're
having in the DIY channel is there. And that's contributing to the positive mix
as well as the unit growth in the client business.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vivek Arya from
Bank of America.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Congratulations on the strong growth and execution. I had 2 questions as well.
Lisa, first, on the data center business. I know you mentioned the target is
still to be on track for double-digit kind of unit share sometime in the middle
of next year. Could you help us level set as to where the share is in Q3 and
what the target is in Q4 and if you have seen your competitor react to your
server share gains in any way through pricing or other means?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Vivek, as you know, we don't necessarily
want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of server share. But what we will say
is our -- the Q3 quarter was our highest units sort of with EPYC. And so we are
seeing good strength and predominantly a very fast transition to Rome. We
expect that to continue to grow as we go into Q4 and into the first half of
next year. So this is about more platforms ramping and multiple platforms
within a given customer. And you should see -- we saw a number of announcements
around our launches here in Q3, and you should see additional announcements as
we go into the fourth quarter as well as the first half of next year.

Your question about do we see any unusual activity from a
competition standpoint. Look, our view is that the competition is aggressive,
will always be aggressive and we're counting on that. It's a very competitive
market out there. That being the case, I think we are feeling very good about
how our product is positioned and also the readiness of the product. So the
question earlier about are the platforms ready, how's the customer support, I
think it's very strong. And I think our OEM and ODM partners have done a
phenomenal job with the breadth of platforms, and that will help us continue to
grow overall.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And for my follow-up, Lisa, I had kind
of a longer-term conceptual question, which is it's good to see growth margins
improving and the cost discipline, but do you think this is the time to
actually increase OpEx a lot and really go after maximizing footprint, right,
adding more resources, more systems rather than trying to optimize
profitability? I'm just curious to hear how you are looking at the puts and
takes around whether you should be maximizing footprint rather than
profitability at this level.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Well, it's a good question, Vivek. I get
asked it from time to time. But what you will see is I think we're very
cognizant of where we're going. So in other words, the roadmap -- and I mean
the long term sort of financial roadmap, I think we understand pretty well. We
want to show leverage on both top and bottom line, and that's certainly our
goal. We did spend a little bit more this year than we originally planned, and
that was frankly because the opportunities are very strong. And most of the
additional spend is targeted at R&D, with the notion of platform
investments, software investments to ensure that we capture the opportunities
that we have. I think we have the right balance, Vivek. And certainly, as we go
into 2020, we'll continue to look at that balance. But I think we are very well
balanced between top line and bottom line growth.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Congratulations, guys. Lisa, I guess, my first question is, can you help me
understand a little bit about the traction you're getting in the Enterprise
market on both Ryzen and in EPYC? And kind of what milestones should we be
looking at relative to that sort of vertical?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So the -- we're very excited about the
opportunities for us in the commercial space. And I will tell you, when we look
at our go-to-market investments, we are putting a lot of feet on the street as
well as just general go-to-market around commercial. Starting with Ryzen, I
think you have seen and you should have seen that the number of commercial
platforms that we have continues to get stronger, and it's not just the number
of platforms but the quality of the platforms. Certainly, Lenovo ThinkPad is a
premium brand that is very key. We have very strong HP commercial offerings. We
have additional desktops coming out as well. What we are seeing is good
traction in the commercial space, and that is the stronger part of the PC
market. And we'll continue to talk about that.

As it relates to new platforms, certainly as we refresh our
mobile platform going into next year, I think you'll see even stronger
commercial offerings there. We're investing heavily in security and
manageability and all of those other aspects that are important in the
commercial space. As it relates to EPYC in the Enterprise, I'm actually very
encouraged with what we see in the Enterprise. We had originally said that we
thought we would be more cloud -- sort of cloud would go first and then
Enterprise would take longer. I think what we currently see is cloud is
certainly a big driver of our business. But our Enterprise business is coming
along very nicely. And I really would say that the key metrics there are more
top tier brands adopting EPYC and talking about that publicly. We have had a
number of engagements, and I mentioned earlier that the pipeline that we see in
Enterprise across our top OEMs has increased very significantly just in the
last sort of 2 months since we launched. So the awareness around EPYC as well
as the awareness around these new platforms, I think, is strong, and we'll
continue to build that out as we go forward.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: That's helpful, Lisa. Then maybe for my
follow-up. As we, the analyst community, look out to modeling 2020, the GPU/CPU
is relatively straightforward relative to market share expectations we might
have. I'm just kind of curious if you can give us some help on the semi-custom
business, if it's impacted by ASC 60? And also, we've got a new gaming cycle
next year. I know you don't want to preannounce customer product, but how
should we think about the semi-custom business trending throughout 2020 in
broad strokes?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think it's a good question, and we
will certainly give you more guidance as we get into 2020. But the way to think
about it at a high level is we are going through a product transition with
semi-custom now. And in 2019, for example, we've had the unusual cycle, where
the second half of 2019 is pretty soft for semi-custom compared to the first
half. And what you should expect in 2020 is that, that would flip strongly. So
I think both of our large customers have said that they're planning a holiday
2020 launch. That would mean that the semi-custom business would be quite
heavily weighted in the second half, so you should expect that revenue in the
first half will be, again, quite soft with a strong recovery in the second half
of the year. And the way I look at it is, the gaming business, the console business
is a strong business for us. And so it will be one of the growth drivers as we
go into 2020 and beyond.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: First, I wanted to ask about gross margins.
I mean, I guess, I'm glad to see them up. But given what's going on with the
mix, I mean, I think you said GPUs were down sequentially. We've got data
center up more than 50%. Ryzen is growing. You have the Samsung IP in there. I
guess, I'm just surprised not to see them up more both in the quarter as well
as into Q4. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color about
what's driving that margin evolution given the positive drivers of mix that I
think should be there.

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think if you look at it from a
quarter-to-quarter standpoint, if you're talking about Q2 to Q3, you're right
about the mix of the product, in particular, with the ramp of the 7-nanometer
products. And the margins are up. Last quarter, we had, call it 41%. And this
time, it's slightly above 43%. And that is fundamentally due to the new
products that are ramping and obviously some benefit from the semi-custom
business, it's been down slightly in Q3 compared to Q2. So that's that. And
then as you get into the Q4 timeframe, in the guide at 44%, it's driven by the
new legacy products, demand for the high end of product -- of our product stack
is driving a richer mix, and obviously, there's little bit of benefit as Lisa
said earlier with the softer semi-custom revenue. So I think overall...

STACY AARON RASGON: I thought all those new products were
supposed to have gross margins in aggregate of over 50% and they're driving
like a massive mix shift, and yet, you've only got gross margins up a couple of
points. What am I getting wrong?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think the numbers are coming out to be a
couple of hundred basis points up on a quarterly basis with the ramp of the
7-nanometer product. I don't think you get anything wrong. You have to look at
the mix of the product relative to the total revenue of the company at the $1.8
billion, and I think that's how it comes out, Stacy.

LISA T. SU: I think, Stacy, maybe if this will help. In each
of the product lines, we are certainly mixing up, and that's why you see some
of the ASP goodness. But you also have some legacy product, right? And we
continue to sell some legacy product as well. And so that's the -- that's
perhaps the other piece. But I think, as Devinder said, look, we're very happy
with the way that the gross margin has progressed. I think if you look at our
long-term model, we had said 40 to 44 points, and we'll be exiting the year at
44, and I think very well -- positions us well as we go into 2020 and turn over
more of the product portfolio to the new products.

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay. For my follow-up, I wanted to ask
about the EPYC server ramp into next quarter. So you were up, you said, more
than 50% this quarter. So that might be, what, $80 million to $100 million
maybe sequentially, which is, I guess, good. Your competitor added almost $1.5
billion sequentially in data center this quarter. So when you say next quarter
that you're -- I guess, you did gain share. You're up about 50%, their units
were up 20% but even so. So when you're saying, next quarter, you're going to
grow it by strong double digits on EPYC, do you think that that's like better
than the trend that we saw in Q3 as more stuff ramps? I mean, if we were up 50%
sequentially in Q3, do you think we can be better than that in Q4? Is that was
strong double-digit means? Or do you have a different meaning in mind?

LISA T. SU: Well, I think we have in mind strong double
digits. So I would say -- and Stacy, I'm not being facetious, but again, there
are all kinds of puts and takes. What I will say, though, is put in context
that the product has basically been in markets since early August. And if you
put that in context, and we're saying that the transition is going quickly, and
we have a number of new platforms that are -- literally, they've been in market
4 to 8 weeks. With the way the server cycle goes, I'm actually pretty happy
with how it's ramping. And I expect, as I said, that Q4 will be another strong
quarter for us, and it's just a matter of continuing to diligently ramp the
platforms.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from
Wells Fargo.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS, MD OF IT HARDWARE & NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I
have a question and a follow-up as well. Sticking to the server, the EPYC ramp.
I'm just curious, out of the gate, what kind of mix have you seen maybe skew
towards the 48 and 64 core solutions? And what I'm really getting at is how do
we think about the blended ASP trend on EPYC as Rome fully ramps?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Aaron, it's fair to say that initially,
out of the chute, we are seeing a higher mix to the higher end. So more 48 and
64 cores as a mix. I think those are very, very attractive products and really
take the full advantage of the EPYC product line. We are seeing, as you might
expect with that mix, that the Rome ASPs are showing lift versus the previous
first-generation EPYC. As we go forward, you would expect that to build out a
little bit more. So we have a full product portfolio for the server parts, but
then, you also expect that you'll get more Enterprise in that, and Enterprise
tends to have a higher ASP. So the net of all that is, I can say, in the server
market, we feel very good about where we're positioned from an ASP standpoint.
And from a sort of unit share to revenue share, I think they're actually quite
close.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: Okay. And then as just as a quick
follow-up, maybe more of a model question. I think last quarter, you talked
about the semi-custom business being down in the mid-30% range. You also talked
about Samsung contributions being around $100 million for the full year. I'm
just curious, is that still where we stand? And what was kind of the Samsung
contribution this last quarter?

DEVINDER KUMAR: So I think on the Samsung base, if you look
at the second half, it's approximately $100 million. Slightly about half was
taken in Q3, and the other half will come in Q4. So that's absolutely right.

LISA T. SU: And then on the -- yes, on the semi-custom side,
we had said last quarter that it would be down, let's call it, mid-30s. It's
probably, when you look at it in aggregate for the second half of the year, it
will be down a bit more than mid-30s. Let's call it high-30s.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from
Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, I had a follow-up question on your server CPU business. And I
guess the question is, when you think about pricing and sort of the margin
profile that you're seeing in that business today, how does that compare with
what you had planned for 6 or 9 months ago? Is this pricing and margin coming
in pretty much in line with expectations or are they coming in a little bit
better? And then as you think about the margin profile for that business going
into 2020, given 7-nanometer potentially maturing into next year, given the mix
and given the change in customer mix from cloud to Enterprise, should those 2
dynamics serve as tailwinds for your margin in that business?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I would say that the margin mix, as we
look here in the beginning of the ramp, is about what we expected. It's about
what we expected. So the only thing I would say, and I said it earlier, is the
product mix is perhaps a little bit higher in the early part of the ramp. But
overall, the margins are pretty close to what we expected. The pricing
environment is pretty close to what we expected. And as we go into 2020, I
think the other piece of it is that the business scale will increase as we grow
the business. And so that actually helps to absorb some of the fixed costs as
well.

TOSHIYA HARI: Okay. And as a quick follow-up, your nearest
competitor talked about pull-ins in their data center business, particularly in
China, was there anything in the quarter that you thought was kind of abnormal
from a customer activity standpoint on the client side or the server side? And
if so, how big was that? And how should we think about kind of the implications
into Q4 and potentially the early part of 2020?

LISA T. SU: Yes. When we look at both the client and the
server business, I wouldn't say that we saw any significant pull-ins due to
tariffs or other reasons. We monitor sort of certainly very closely the sell-in
and sell-through trend. And we believe that what we're seeing in terms of the
growth of the business is actually just new platforms running -- ramping. And
given where we are in the product cycle, that makes sense. And so I wouldn't
say that we saw any significance of pull-ins in the quarter.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mitch Steves from
RBC.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I just had 2. I guess first for Devinder. I realize you
don't want to provide any kind of 2020 numbers, but you were already asked this
100 different ways, so I may as well save you guys some time. So if I look at
the first half of '20, is there any reason why the gross margins won't be
higher than they are in December quarter?

DEVINDER KUMAR: We don't even want to get into 2020. There
are several product transitions in play this year, as you've heard in the prior
questions. OEM, the semi-custom business, that's in transition. We have
obviously the rest of the business in transition with the ramp in 7 nanometers.
Lisa reported some of the legacy products. So there's a lot of puts and takes
and I think we want to talk about 2020 once we get past 2019 and put it to bed,
and we can come back and talk about 2020 in about 90 days from now.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: Okay. Got you. And then secondly,
just for Lisa here. There's been a lot of articles just in terms of some
firmware issues, there's some software bugs and things out there. Can you maybe
just help us address all of them at once and just kind of talk about what you
guys did to fix them? Because we're still seeing kind of articles pop up here
and there, and I just want to make sure that there are no issues in terms of
the software.

LISA T. SU: Let me make sure I understand what you mean,
Mitch. Which product line are you referring to? Or what are you exactly
referring to?

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: So there have been specific
articles with Ryzen, right, saying that there's issues with the bios and things
like that and performance metrics are a little bit lower. But then you guys
kind of relate -- noted that you've improved them or fixed them, but we're
still kind of seeing them in the market even today, for example. So I just
wanted to know in terms of what happened? And then secondly, if everything's
been resolved?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So your question was relative to the third
generation of Ryzen. Look, I think, overall, when you look at the
third-generation of Ryzen and the platforms that we've put out, we're very,
very pleased with how that ramp has gone. And when we look at the sales from a
sell-through standpoint, we're very pleased with where it is. There have been
some platform sort of optimizations that we've done through working with our
ODM partners and the motherboard partners to try to sort of improve the
optimization of the maximum boost frequency, which is, I think, what you're
referring to. And that has largely been addressed over the last couple of
weeks. But I would consider that more of an optimization versus any type of
major update. And we're going to continue to improve the platform. So you're
going to see that as is normal with a new platform, that we'll continue to
improve the platforms over time. But I will say that we're very pleased with
how third-gen Ryzen has done in the marketplace. And we're excited with the
launch of the 16-core 3950X as well as the Threadripper family in the next
couple of weeks as well.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Operator, we have time for about 2 more
questions, please.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Harsh Kumar from
Piper Jaffray.

HARSH V. KUMAR, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, PIPER
JAFFRAY COMPANIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a quick one. As you look at your
leverages for gross margins, what would you consider as your greatest leverage?
Is it just sales growth as you take share? Or is it more products going to
7-nanometer?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think, if you look at the products,
definitely, the new products in the 7-nanometers are very good tailwinds for
the gross margin. But also, the mix of the business comes into play. The more
data center revenue we capture in terms of market share obviously helps the
gross margin. The high end of the stack, in particular, in the client PC
business, that helps the gross margin. So it's basically those are the things
that help the gross margin as we go forward from 2019.

HARSH V. KUMAR: And as you look out, where do you think
margins can go?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Well, we think that, as Lisa said earlier,
when we painted our long-term target model, we painted 40% to 44% in the 2017
time frame. That's what we said. We -- exiting, we had 44%, and we'll come back
and update that sometime in 2020.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Timothy
Arcuri from UBS.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI, MD AND HEAD OF SEMICONDUCTORS &
SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I think in the
past, you've given the percentage of total revenue that was data center CPU and
GPU combined. Can you give us that number?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. I mean, as a percentage of revenue,
it's similar to what it has been the past few quarters, although the server
portion was significantly higher as we saw -- as we said early, greater than
50% sequential increase and so was CPU revenue -- unit shipments and revenue, so
that definitely helps.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI: Yes, got it. Okay. And then, I
guess, just a bigger picture question. In terms of the kind of competitive edge
you have, some of it relates to process technology, but of course, your
competitor could just go to TSMC to build CPUs as well. But I guess, there's
other parts that relate to your fundamental architecture, which is the chiplet,
the memory density and your IPC advantage. So I guess can kind of break down --
Lisa, can you break down how much of the advantage really is process related
versus how much is actually architecture related?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Timothy, the way I would answer that
question is, look, we made a set of choices, and the set of choices include
process technology, they include architecture, our chiplet architecture. They
include sort of our overall system architecture. And I think we've made a set
of good choices. Going forward, we are not relying on process technology as the
main driver. We think process technology is necessary. It's necessary to be
sort of at the leading edge of process technology. And so today, 7-nanometer is
our great node, and we're getting a lot of benefit from it. We will transition
to the 5-nanometer node at the appropriate time and get great benefit from that
as well. But we're doing a lot in architecture. And I would say that the
architecture is where we believe the highest leverage is for our product
portfolio going forward.

OPERATOR: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further and closing
comments.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you very much, operator. And thank
you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We do have a number of events
planned here in the fourth quarter, and we look forward to seeing you all soon.
Have a great evening.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a
wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102919a12808300.700










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); GLOBALIZATION (89%);
OFFICE MANAGEMENT (89%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (79%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS
(78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

COWEN GROUP INC (84%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (83%);

NOMURA SECURITIES CO LTD (72%);

PIPER JAFFRAY COS (72%);

JEFFERIES LLC (70%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (69%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (84%); PJC (NYSE) (72%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (97%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES,
NEC (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523991 TRUST,
FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (83%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES &
AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); NAICS541611
ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT & GENERAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES (56%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%); BANKING
& FINANCE (91%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%);
SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (89%); REAL ESTATE (78%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (77%); WEBCASTS
(77%); CONSULTING SERVICES (76%); INTERNET & WWW (75%); NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT (73%); TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT (73%); WEBSITES (67%)










 LISA SU (92%); MICHAEL A ARCURI (71%)










 NEW YORK, NY, USA (91%); NEW YORK, USA (66%);
CALIFORNIA, USA (65%)










 November 2, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
30, 2019 Tuesday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 7796 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Aaron Christopher Rakers

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD of IT
Hardware & Networking Equipment and Senior Analyst

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - MD of Semiconductor
Research & Senior Research Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division - MD

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Timothy Michael Arcuri

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Head of
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves.
Please go ahead.

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. By
now you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings
release and slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found
on the Investor Relations page of AMD's website, AMD.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on our website.

Before we begin, I would like to highlight some important
dates for you. AMD will officially launch our second-generation EPYC data
center CPU on Wednesday, August 7. On Tuesday, August 27, Forrest Norrod,
Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Datacenter and Embedded
Solutions Group will present at the Jefferies 2019 Semiconductor, Hardware and
Communications Infrastructure Summit in Chicago. On Tuesday, September 10, Devinder
Kumar, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer will
present at the Deutsche Bank Technology Conference in Las Vegas. And on Friday,
September 13, 2019, our third quarter quiet time is expected to begin at the
close of business.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures
during this call, except for revenue and segment operational results, which are
on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced today are
reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in today's
press release, which is posted on our website.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in our press
release for more information. You will also find detailed discussions about our
risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, AMD's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30, 2019.

Now with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Lisa.

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. We made history in the second quarter, both as the first
company to simultaneously launch high-performance CPUs and GPUs and the first
to ramp 7-nanometer high-performance processors across PCs, gaming and the data
center. I'm extremely pleased with our execution in the quarter as we ramped
production on Ryzen 3000 CPUs, Radeon 300 GPUs and early volumes of our
second-generation EPYC processors, in advance of their third quarter launch.

Looking at the second quarter, revenue of $1.53 billion
increased 20% sequentially driven by growth across both of our business
segments. Revenue declined 13% year-over-year in line with our expectations as
client and server processor revenue increases were offset by lower graphics
channel and semi-custom revenue.

Turning to our Computing and Graphics segment. Revenue
declined 13% year-over-year as significantly higher client processor sales were
offset by lower graphics channel sales. Mobile client processor revenue
increased by a double-digit percentage year-over-year and sequentially driven
by our highest quarterly unit shipments in 5 years. In desktop, we launched our
industry-leading Ryzen 3000 processors featuring our new Zen 2 core to
overwhelmingly positive customer response. Numerous third-party reviews
highlighted the superior performance of our 7-nanometer Ryzen CPUs in both
multi-threaded and single-threaded applications while consuming less power than
competitive offerings. Ryzen 3000 processor customer demand has been very
strong, with sales at global e-tailers and retailers outpacing our previous
generations of Ryzen by more than 3x at the same point following their
respective launches.

Based on the market response to our latest mobile and
desktop processors and the growing number of AMD-powered commercial and
consumer PCs, we expect to gain share in the high volume back-to-school and
holiday periods.

In Graphics, revenue decreased year-over-year driven largely
by lower channel sales partially offset by a significant increase in data
center GPU sales. GPU revenue increased by a double-digit percentage
sequentially driven by increased channel sales of our RX 500 series GPUs and
the launch of our Radeon 5700 family. The Radeon 5700 series with our new RDNA
architecture, delivers up to 1.5x more performance per watt compared to our
previous generation. Initial demand for our new GPUs has been strong as
third-party reviewers have highlighted our leadership gaming performance at
relevant price points. We are well positioned for growth in the second half of
the year as we continue to ramp our Radeon 5000 GPU family.

We had another quarter of strong year-over-year data center
GPU sales growth driven largely by HPC and cloud wins. We continue making
progress expanding this margin-accretive part of our business based on our
strategy to focus on working closely with marquee customers.

We also announced a strategic partnership in the quarter
with Samsung to bring Radeon graphics to their future smartphone and mobile
SoCs. The partnership showcases our strategy to engage with industry leaders
across the ecosystem to drive Radeon everywhere. We now have deep partnerships
across the PC, game console, cloud and mobile markets that contribute to a
growing developer ecosystem and installed base for our Radeon graphics
architecture.

Turning to Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue decreased 12% from a year ago due to lower semi-custom revenue. In
semi-custom, we have extended our game console leadership as both Microsoft and
Sony have now both announced they will use custom AMD SoCs to power their
next-generation game consoles. We are very proud to power back-to-back
generations of the world's highest performing game consoles.

As we look into the second half of the year, we are seeing
additional softness in game console demand, which is now reflected in our full
year guidance.

In server, CPU revenue grew significantly year-over-year and
sequentially driven by initial shipments of our next-generation Rome processors
to lead cloud and OEM customers. First-generation EPYC processor-based cloud
deployments continued to increase in the quarter. Amazon expanded availability
of its EPYC processor-powered instances to the more than 15 regions and dozens
of new configurations. And Microsoft launched general availability of its Azure
HB supercomputing virtual machine that, for the first time ever, enabled
customers to run demanding HPC workloads in the cloud.

Turning to our next-generation Rome server processor, Rome
is on-time and exceed expectations, delivering leadership performance and TCO
across a significantly expanded number of cloud and enterprise workloads.
Customer excitement continues to grow. Compared to our first-generation EPYC
processors, we have more than twice the number of platforms in development with
a larger set of partners. We also have 4x more enterprise and cloud customers
actively engaged on deployments prior to launch. As a result, Rome is on track
to ramp significantly faster than our first-generation EPYC processor.

We are seeing particular strength in HPC, where we offer
leadership compute density and I/O. We had multiple supercomputing wins in the
quarter, including public announcements from Indiana University and Norway's
National Research Network. Our supercomputing momentum was highlighted by the
U.S. Department of Energy and Oak Ridge National Laboratory, selecting both
EPYC CPUs and Radeon Instinct GPUs to power their next-generation Frontier
exascale supercomputer built by Cray. Frontier is expected to be the world's
fastest computer when it launches in 2021. We look forward to providing more
details on Rome at our launch event in August 7.

In summary, as we complete the first half of 2019, we have
reached a significant inflection point for the company as we enter our next
phase of growth with the most competitive product portfolio in our history. We
have seen some uncertainties across our supply chain driven by tariffs, trade
concerns and the U.S. entities list. In the second quarter, we stopped shipping
to customers added to the U.S. entities list. While we remained cautious given
the fluidity of the situation, the impact to date has been limited and offset
by growing momentum in other parts of our business.

We are executing well to our plans and see a path to
significant market share gains for our product portfolio across the PC, gaming
and data center markets in the coming quarters.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our second quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa and good afternoon, everyone. We are
pleased with the financial results for the first half of 2019, which provide a
solid foundation for the second half of the year. Second quarter revenue of
$1.53 billion grew 20% over the first quarter. Gross margin of 41% increased 4
percentage points from the prior year driven by the ramp of our strong
portfolio of high-performance products.

Quarterly revenue was down 13% from a year ago. Strong sales
of Ryzen and EPYC processors and our new Radeon RX 5700 GPUs were more than
offset by lower semi-custom sales and lower graphics channeled sales associated
with blockchain. Operating expenses grew 10% year-over-year to $512 million
driven primarily by go-to-market activities and new product introductions.
Operating income was $111 million, down from $186 million a year ago, primarily
due to lower revenue and higher operating expenses. Operating margin was 7%,
down from 11% a year ago. Net income was $92 million compared to $156 million a
year ago. And diluted earnings per share was $0.08 per share compared to $0.14
per share a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment result. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $940 million, down 13% year-over-year as strong
client processor sales were more than offset by lower overall graphic sales due
to negligible blockchain-related revenue in the second quarter of 2019.
Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $22 million compared to
$117 million a year ago, primarily due to lower revenue.

In the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, revenue
was $591 million, down 12% from the prior year. Semi-Custom revenue was lower
and partially offset by significant growth in data center CPU revenue. EESC
segment operating income was $89 million compared to $69 million a year ago.
The improvement was largely due to growth in data center CPU revenue.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.1 billion at the end of the quarter.
Year-over-year, we have reduced gross debt by $392 million, and in the second
quarter, we also replaced our asset-backed loan facility with a $500 million
secured revolving line of credit.

Free cash flow was negative $28 million in the quarter,
while cash flow from operations was $30 million. Inventory was $1 billion, up
$60 million sequentially, primarily due to increased inventory of our new
7-nanometer products in anticipation of accelerating product sales in the back
half of the year. Adjusted EBITDA was $163 million compared to $228 million a
year ago due to lower quarterly earnings. On a trailing 12-month basis,
adjusted EBITDA was $672 million, and gross leverage at the end of the quarter
was 1.9x.

Turning to the outlook for the third quarter of 2019. We
expect revenue to be approximately $1.8 billion plus or minus $50 million, an
increase of approximately 9% year-over-year and 18% sequentially. The
sequential and year-over-year increases are expected to be driven by Ryzen,
EPYC and Radeon product sales, partially offset by lower-than-expected
semi-custom sales.

In addition, for Q3 2019, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to
be approximately 43%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $525
million; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $30
million; and third quarter diluted share count is expected to be approximately
1.21 billion shares.

For the full year, we now believe revenue will increase
mid-single-digit percent over 2018 driven by significant sales growth of our
new Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon processors, partially offset by lower-than-expected
semi-custom revenue. Revenue, excluding semi-custom, is expected to increase
approximately 20% year-over-year. Full year non-GAAP gross margin is expected
to be approximately 42%.

In closing, we had a strong first half of 2019. We remain
focused on executing to our plans for the remainder of the year and look
forward to ramping our new Ryzen and Radeon products as well as the upcoming
launch of Rome.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready
for our first question, please?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Mitch Steves from RBC Capital Markets.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So my question is really just twofold. Number one, first on
the gross margin side. So you guys have talked about semi-custom coming down
pretty materially, and that's kind of the entire reason for the, I guess the
mid-single-digit growth number. So why, I guess, aren't the gross margins
expanding a little more if you're seeing more traction on the server side?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think, if we look at it from an overall
standpoint, in Q2, we did 41%. In the third quarter in a row, 41% gross margin.
And in Q3, you're right that the decline in semi-custom, there is benefit to
the margin. And the margin guide for Q3, that's approximately 43%. I can tell
you that the richer product mix, especially with the new products ramping in
Q3, are going to drive the gross margin. Although there is a benefit from the
decline of semi-custom also, the margin benefit is more weighted towards the
non-semi-custom business, and that's where we end up with the 43% in Q3. We've
also updated our guidance for 2019 and now are projecting 42% for the year
2019.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: Yes. So I guess, just a follow-up
on that. So the assumption is that by the end of '19, you guys have more share
on the server side. So I guess just high level, if I assume that 2020 gross
margins are going to start going up as well if you keep gaining share in
server. Is that a fair assumption for the next year or so?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think what I would say is we're very
pleased with the progress we have made on the margin in 2019. The product mix
continues to get richer, and we'll see as we get closer to 2020 in terms of the
specifics. But you're right, the product mix does get better. And even in the
other businesses, including the client business, the product mix being richer
benefits the margin.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vivek Arya from
Bank of America.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Good to see the traction in the new products. Lisa, for my first question, I
was wondering if you could give us some more color around the traction you're
seeing in Rome, both from if you're able to quantify it somewhat, but
importantly, the traction you're seeing with customers, whether there is any
pricing pressure from your main competitor. And I think in the past, you have
outlined targets to reach certain market share. Just now that the product is
out in front of customers, how are you seeing that traction with both the cloud
and the enterprise side?

LISA T. SU: Absolutely, Vivek. Thanks for the question. So
look, we are very pleased with how Rome is coming up. We did ship initial
shipments this past quarter in the second quarter to both cloud and enterprise
customers. The feedback that we're getting from customers is that the
performance is very compelling both from a performance standpoint as well as a
total cost of ownership standpoint. We've gotten a number of wins on both the
cloud and the enterprise side as well as HPC. From our standpoint, next week is
a big week for us. Obviously, we're going to officially launch Rome on August
7. But from a customer pull standpoint, we see good customer pull.

Your question specifically about the pricing environment,
the pricing environment is always competitive. We expect it to be competitive.
That being the case, in servers, price is not the first variable in terms of a
buying decision. And so we believe the value proposition that we have for Rome
from an overall standpoint is very strong, and we see a good pricing
environment for that.

VIVEK ARYA: And as my follow-up, on the quantification side,
I think in the last quarter, you had given us some color around data centers,
CPU and GPU kind of around that mid-teens as a percentage of sales. I was
hoping you could give us some sense of what it was in Q2 and just what the
outlook is for 2019 or the second half of the year.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So in the second quarter, the percentages
are similar to the past few quarters in terms of percentage of our business. We
were more heavily weighted towards CPU versus GPU in the second quarter, so we
saw data center GPU sequentially decline as expected. The CPUs grew as
expected. As we go into the second half of the year, you should expect that the
percentage of our revenue through the data center will increase as we ramp
room.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from
Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, obviously, it seems like you're making a lot of progress with
Rome or at least the initial feedback continues to be very positive. That said,
the overall hyperscale environment seems pretty slow based on commentary from
your peers and your customers, I guess. Could that impact the ramp into the
second half? Is that a concern for you going forward? And then I have a
follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So look, we certainly have heard the same
conversation, especially around the cloud environment in the first half of the
year. Our plan was always very heavily second half weighted. And from our
standpoint, we have seen significant customer engagement and pull for the Rome
product, and we see a number of new installations that will come online over
the next couple of quarters. So I believe that there is some cloud digestion
that's happening out there. I also believe that given where we are from the
product cycle standpoint, we are well positioned to grow.

TOSHIYA HARI: Got it. And then as a follow-up, I was hoping
to learn a little bit more about the partnership with Samsung, the IP win in
the quarter and also Frontier on the HPC side. Just from a modeling
perspective, how should we think about those 2 deals, if you will, over the
next couple of years and the accretion to the P&L?

LISA T. SU: Sure. So look, we're very pleased with both.
They're both very significant announcements for us. On the Samsung side, it's a
multiyear, multigenerational deal that we have across our graphics portfolio
for mobile. In terms of 2019, the revenue is approximately $100 million that
would be added. This was not originally in our guidance, and it offsets some of
the headwinds that we talked about in semi-custom and in China. As it -- it's
not pure IP, though, so the way you should think about it is there is some
specific development expenses that are being -- that are part of that deal. And
so those will be part of the COGS portion of that. As it relates to Frontier,
Frontier again, very significant deal for us. It is NRE for the next couple of
years to really get the software and infrastructure. I would say, that's not
material. And it's a relatively smaller number. And then, the actual deployment
will be in 2021. So the bulk of the CPU and the GPU revenue will be in 2021,
with a small portion of that perhaps in the second half of 2020.

OPERATOR: Your next question or is coming from Matt Ramsey
from Cowen and Company.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I think we'll be hearing plenty
about Rome next week. I wanted to ask some questions about your PC business
going into the back half of the year. The desktop momentum seems there. The
notebook space, Intel is obviously going on to 10-nanometer for a portion of
that portfolio. And it seems the 7-nanometer refresh on your side is a little
bit later, yet the SKU coverage you've talked about, I think, is 50% higher
than it was last year for back-to-school and holidays. So maybe you could talk
a little bit about the momentum in the PC business into the back half and the
differences between what you might see in desktop and notebook.

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Matt. So we're pleased with the
progress of our PC business. In the second quarter, we had notebook perform
very well. We saw a ramp of our second-generation mobile product, and that is
due to some of the additional platforms that we mentioned. Going into the
second half of the year, on the desktop side, our third-generation Ryzen
products are very well positioned. We expect to ramp significant production
here in the third quarter. And we expect that to lead to share gains. And we're
also feeling quite good about the mobile products into the second half of the
year. We made progress on both consumer and commercial. We had always been
strong in consumer, but on the commercial side, we have a number of new
platforms as well, and those are ramping here into the second half of the year.
So overall, I think the PC business continues to be a good opportunity for us
to gain share through the second half of the year.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Got it. And as a follow-up for me, a
couple things for Devinder. I wonder if you might talk about the margin or
gross margin differential between some of the new 7-nanometer products that
you're rolling out versus some of the predecessor products that were either on
12 or 14, just so we can get an understanding on magnitude. And before you take
that, just congrats on cash positive for the company overall, even in some of
the verticals.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Okay. Yes. So on the margin side, the new
products, as we have said previously, in aggregate are greater than 50% margin.
And so as we launch the new products, in particular on the 7-nanometer node,
those are accretive. And that's why you see us updating the guidance in terms
of the margin not just for the quarter in Q3 but also for the year. And from
that standpoint, as the product mix gets richer with more 7-nanometer products
ramping, that should benefit the gross margin.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Hans Mosesmann
from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Congrats on the execution with the
7-nanometer. Lisa, are you guys constrained in terms of 7-nanometer at TSM?

LISA T. SU: Hans, yes. So we do have a number of products
ramping at TSMC in 7-nanometer and we are not constrained per se. I will say
that cycle times of 7-nanometer are longer, and so it just takes more time to
ramp up, but we are not constrained. TSMC has supported us quite well.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN: Great. And can you give us a sense, if
you can, on 7-nanometer high-end Navi and mobile 7-nanometer CPUs, if you can?

LISA T. SU: Hans, you asked the good product questions. I
would say, they are coming. You should expect that our execution on those are
on track, and we have a rich 7-nanometer portfolio beyond the products that we
have currently announced in the upcoming quarters.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, you have a lot of things working for you. You've
got Rome, Ryzen, the GPU portfolio. Where are you seeing the biggest upside
surprise on the feedback that you're getting relative to your original
expectations?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So look, Mark, I think all products have
really performed quite well. I think the third-generation Ryzen desktop, both
in terms of the reviews -- third-party reviews as well as just the customer
interest, what we see is obviously it's only been in market for 3 weeks, and so
we watch the data points very carefully. But across the globe, we're seeing
sort of significant uptick in our share in the desktop market. I think Navi has
come out positioned very well. We're very pleased with our RDNA architecture.
Navi is the first step, and we have a couple more steps going. And then we'll
talk much more about EPYC next week. I think the key thing is the products have
been on schedule and at or above the performance. So our goal is of course to
turn that into revenue growth in the second half of the year.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: Yes, that's great color. And a follow-up
if I may, you mentioned the gen 5 game console wins at Microsoft and Sony. Can
you give us a sense, when do these start to ramp? When they ramp, do you book
the revenues as you build inventory as you did in the previous generation? And
is there going to be -- should we think about anything differently on the gross
margin profile? Is it going to be similar to what you've had in the past on
these things? So just some color on the gen 5 game consoles.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So Mark, we're proud of the wins at Sony
and Microsoft. Those are big wins for us and, as you know, over many years. We
can't comment on specific customers and their ramp profiles. The only thing I
will say is, you can expect that in general, consumer ramps are second half
weighted, especially weighted towards the holiday season. And you would expect
that. And then as it relates to the gross margin profiles, with our semi-custom
business model, I think the margins will be under the corporate average.
However, our business model is actually quite different. If you look forward to
our business model, the growth that we see across all of our other products,
Ryzen, EPYC, Radeon is actually quite significant. And so the percentage of
semi-custom as a percent of the overall business will be lower than, for
example, in the last few years.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: For my first one, I want to follow up on
that second half gross margin question again. I want to put some numbers behind
it. So you're guiding 43% for Q3. Your implied guidance for Q4 is 43% and maybe
a little under. It's only up about 150 bps year-over-year and flat
sequentially, but you're guiding Q4 revenues of over 50% year-over-year. And
consoles have to be falling like 40% to 50% sequentially, so the mix has to be
massively switching over to the new products that, in aggregate, have gross
over 50%. Why are gross margins only being guided up like 160 bps
year-over-year in Q4 given that kind of a revenue trajectory? And why is it
only flat sequentially even with revenues growing over 20% quarter-on-quarter
into Q4? I don't understand.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Stacy, let me start, and then maybe
Devinder can add to it. So we guide approximately to full margin points. What
you should expect as we go from Q3 to Q4 is that the product mix will get
better, so we will expect more new products. And from the standpoint of
semi-custom, semi-custom will be down sequentially Q3 to Q4. And so you should
expect that we are not implying that the margin will be down in Q4, and we'll
get to the Q4 guide as we get through the next 90 days.

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay. For my follow-up, the $100 million
from Samsung, did your 20% year-over-year growth excluding the semi-custom
include that $100 million that wasn't in the prior guidance? And what is the
impact on the gross margins of that Samsung revenue as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So the Samsung additional revenue is
included as part of the 20% year-on-year, and it offset some weakness that we
have in China due to the entities list. As to the gross margin profile for
that, you can expect that to be somewhat above corporate average.

STACY AARON RASGON: So somewhat over low-40s?

LISA T. SU: Somewhat above corporate average.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Aaron Rakers from
Wells Fargo.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS, MD OF IT HARDWARE & NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I
have one question and a follow-up as well. Just building on that last kind of
question, I think the last couple of quarters, you've talked about your
semi-custom business being down somewhere in the 20% plus range. It looks like
by my math, your assumption now is that, that business declines maybe as much
as 40-plus percent. And so when you parse through that, you kind of factor in
the Samsung relationship and the incremental $100 million revenue, has your
estimate at all changed ex those items? Meaning, revenue ex the semi-custom decline
and then also ex the $100 million Samsung?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So let me try to help you, Aaron, with that
math. So look, originally, when we started the year, we thought semi-custom
would be down, let's call it, approximately 20%. In the first half of the year
it was down more than that. And based on what we see today, we would expect the
full year now to be down, let's call it, mid-30s year-on-year. If you talk
about now the rest of the business, I think the rest of the business is close
to where we thought it would be, close plus or minus a couple percent. And if
you think about all of the moving pieces, we do have some customers that were
not shipping to -- in China. That is offset by the Samsung upside and with the
new products and how they're coming in. So I think we are pretty close plus or
minus to where we thought we would be ex those factors.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: Okay. That's very helpful. And
then just looking at your product segmentation, I'm curious as how you think
about the trajectory of the data center GPU business going forward. Obviously,
I can appreciate that could be lumpy, but I'm just trying to understand how you
see that. Is there a point in time when we can actually get some better
visibility into that incremental growth driver or revenue stream going forward?

LISA T. SU: Yes. I think that's a fair comment. It is a
little bit lumpy because of its size and it's fairly concentrated in a couple
of customers. I will say that we're going to see very nice year-over-year
growth this year, and we see good customer momentum across both cloud as well
as HPC. On the cloud side, it is both, let's call it cloud streaming/gaming as
well as machine learning. And on the HPC side, the Frontier win is a public
win, but we have a number of others that we're working as well. So I think we
give more color as we go forward, but it continues to be a business that we
feel will be a good growth driver over the next few years.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from David Wong
from Instinet.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD, NOMURA SECURITIES CO. LTD., RESEARCH
DIVISION: One small clarification and then a second question. The
clarification, the Samsung $100 million, does that come in under income
statement to the revenue or is it on another line, a special item or something?

DEVINDER KUMAR: It's revenue. So it's revenue, and then
offset by some specific development costs and also in COGS. And like Lisa said
earlier, the margin, when you take the revenue and the COGS offset, is somewhat
above corporate average.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Okay. Excellent. And can you give us any
numbers in terms of for the June quarter, your sequential unit growth in
desktop and notebook processing units and the sales growth PC GPUs?

LISA T. SU: Let's see, David. So in the -- your questions is
about the second quarter?

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: That's correct. Yes.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So the second quarter we saw a sequentially
mobile units up, and we saw desktop units down. And the desktop units down is
somewhat due to the seasonality in the second quarter as well as the fact that
we were going through a product transition as we were preparing for the
third-generation launch, which happened at the very end of the quarter. In
terms of graphics, we were up double digits sequentially, and that's both units
and revenue statement as it relates to -- and that was driven primarily by the
graphics channel.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Joe Moore
from Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: So your full quarter -- your full year guidance, mid-single
digit. If I sort of project 5%, you need to get to a $2.2 billion number for
the December quarter. I guess how literally should I take that? Is there
anything -- I understand there's a lot of product momentum. That still seems
like a big number. Is there anything we should understand in terms of
seasonality or things that would kind of give you confidence in mid-single
digit for the full year still?

LISA T. SU: Yes, I think, Joe, our view is that we have
significant amount of product launches to happen. So as we go through the third
quarter and the fourth quarter, both on the PC side, the GPU side as well as on
the server side. So, yes. It is significant growth, and I think we feel good
about sort of the drivers there.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from John Pitzer
from Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Congratulations on these solid results. I apologies if I missed this, Lisa.
Just going back to the Samsung revenue. Is that $100 million all coming into
the calendar fourth quarter? Or will there be some in the September quarter as
well?

LISA T. SU: Yes, John. So that $100 million -- approximately
$100 million for the year. There was a little bit in Q2, and then the rest will
be in Q3 and Q4.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: Is there linearity you can talk about
on that? Or can we just kind of evenly split it between Q3 and Q4?

LISA T. SU: I think that's close.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: Okay. And then just a similar question
on bridging sort of the gap between your Q3 guide and your full year guide as
it pertains to OpEx. If you look at kind of the full year guide you're given in
OpEx, it could imply that OpEx dollars are actually flat to down sequentially
in Q4 on pretty meaningful revenue growth, which is great leverage and
understandable on the SG&A line. But I'm just kind of curious, how we
should be thinking or how you're thinking about the R&D spend as you start
to see revenue begin to accelerate again.

LISA T. SU: Look, I think you should expect that OpEx should
be flattish as we go through the rest of the year. And we have increased OpEx.
Obviously, the first half of the year was higher OpEx as a percentage of
revenue. We are investing in the right places, and I think the product
execution shows up. We will evaluate obviously in 2020 as we look through the
overall revenue growth picture and what we'll do with OpEx. But I think we've
made the right investments and we'll continue to do so.

DEVINDER KUMAR: And John, if you're looking at additional
data since you are doing the math, we expect OpEx to be approximately 30% for
2019, if you take Q3 and Q4 into consideration.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Ross Seymore from
Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, maybe this something you'll address next week in the Rome launch. But in
aggregate, now that we're this much closer to the launch in the second half
ramp, which you sound very confident on, a year ago you talked about the market
share goals. I think it was double-digit market share, 4 to 6 quarters after
you hit the 5% market share. Any sort of update on the timing and/or comfort
around hitting that target?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think, Ross, we feel good about that
being the right target. I'm not ready to update that yet. I think we want to
get through. There's a lot of platforms to launch here in the third quarter and
in the fourth quarter. We'd like to get through some of that. But we feel that
the target is the right target. The product is certainly performing well. And
now it's about helping our customers get their platforms to market as soon as
possible.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: Got it. A quick follow-up. It was part
of a prior question that I don't think I heard the answer to. But is the
accounting for the semi-custom ramp, whenever it may occur next year, the same
in so far as when you build it, you recognize the revenue? So even if the customer
tends to ramp in consumer in the half year, you guys obviously have to build
and get the inventory stage, et cetera, much earlier than that, and therefore
that would be revenue? Or did something change accounting-wise that that's no
longer true?

LISA T. SU: Yes. That was asked earlier, and I don't think I
responded to it. The accounting is the same, so I don't think the accounting
changes. The only difference, though, is we tend -- we would not ramp a product
prior to qualification. So there are some -- when you're doing a brand-new
product, there is a more involved qualification cycle. And so I think there
would be -- it would be more commensurate with the actual product shipments.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: So 2 things would happen more
simultaneously, is what you're saying?

LISA T. SU: Correct.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ambrish
Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, MD OF SEMICONDUCTOR RESEARCH &
SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: I also had a
clarification, Lisa. I'm not sure I quite understood. In the delta for
revenues, you talked about semi-custom, and then you also said that China is
having an impact. What specific product areas are those? And is that -- THATIC
is also part of that? And then I have a follow-up for Devinder.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we did have a small impact due to China.
We have several customers that are now on the U.S. entities list, and we
stopped shipping to those customers in the second quarter. And so it's a small
impact, but there is impact that is offset by some of the positives in the rest
of the business.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: So I'm assuming that's CPUs, desktop
and/or server, both, right?

LISA T. SU: There is some PC business and there's some
server business.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: And then Devinder, my follow-up is on
free cash flow. The gap between free cash flow per share and earnings per share
is massive. If I look at the first 2 quarters, roughly $300 million, negative
free cash flow, but you're guiding for positive -- for the full year. Can you
put some numbers around that? Is that tens of millions? Or what's the right way
to think about that?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think, so if you asked in Q3, we expect to
be free cash flow positive and free cash flow positive for the year. It won't
be tens of millions from a year's standpoint. I think it's triple digit, but
I'm not going to give you a specific number.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis
from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm just curious on the notebook market.
Intel talked about some pull-ins, but also ensuring the market. You're ramping
products. Just wondering if you can parse those items out because notebook was
pretty strong for you in June. Just curious if that impacts any seasonality at
the end of the year.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Blayne. From our standpoint, our notebook
ramps were due to platform breadth. We ramped a number of second-generation
platforms as well as some new Chrome platforms. I can't say that I can point to
any particular pull-ins, per se. I think we're still expecting that we have --
we see a seasonal uplift in the second half of the year.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: And then maybe just a follow-on to
that. In your September guidance, if you look between the Computing and
Graphics segment, I'm wondering, between the 3 segments, if you can just
highlight which one you expect to be the strongest?

LISA T. SU: So, let's see. I think what I would say is that,
amongst the product lines and where they are in their ramp cycle, you would
expect perhaps PCs to be the strongest and then graphics and server next.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Timothy
Arcuri from UBS.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI, MD AND HEAD OF SEMICONDUCTORS &
SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, so for
my first question, I just wanted to ask how you think about semi-custom sort of
over the longer term? And talk maybe about cloud gaming and sort of how you think
about its long-term effect on you. Because on one hand you've done quite well
with some of these big launches coming up, but you're also exposed to some
potential cannibalization on the semi-custom side. So I'm wondering how you
think about those 2 factors?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so look, I think we like sort of gaming
overall. So if you think about gaming overall, there's PC gaming, there's cloud
gaming and then there's console gaming. We believe a rich ecosystem is
important. We want to have our Radeon graphics architecture across all those 3
segments.

I've been asked about the cannibalization question, I think
it's too early to talk about that. Maybe in a few years. I mean we think cloud
gaming is going to be important, but it's too early to say whether it's really
a cannibalization thing, or is it an additive, getting access to more users
overall. So our goal is to make sure that our architecture is very friendly to
all segments of gaming.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI: Great. And then I just wanted to go
back to the question that Ross just asked about, the server share target. So
it's not that you're not reiterating that target here. It's more that you're
going to update us on the target when you launch Rome. Is that the right way to
think about it?

LISA T. SU: No. Let me say it this way. I think we do stand
by the target, so the target being double-digit, sort of 4 to 6 quarters after
the initial 5%. I think we feel good about that target. I'm not being more
specific than that until we get through more of the ramp.

OPERATOR: Thank you. We reached the end of our
question-and-answer session, I'd like to turn the floor back over to management
for any further or closing comments.

LAURA A. GRAVES: We're good. That was a good call. Thank
you, everyone, for joining us for AMD's second quarter call today. We look
forward to speaking with you from San Francisco on August the 7th, and we
appreciate your support of our company. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 073019a12621164.764










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); CONFERENCES &
CONVENTIONS (89%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (79%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (98%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

NOMURA SECURITIES CO LTD (71%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(68%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK
(68%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (55%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (55%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (98%); AMD (FRA) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK
(FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(83%); MS (NYSE) (58%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (98%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY
ACCOUNTS (68%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (68%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY
& CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (68%); NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT &
GENERAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES (55%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); SECURITIES
BROKERS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT
ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%);
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%);
SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT (78%);
FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (77%); WEBCASTS (77%); CONSULTING SERVICES (76%); REAL
ESTATE INVESTING (76%); INTERNET & WWW (74%); NETWORKING EQUIPMENT (73%);
WEBSITES (65%)










 LISA SU (92%); MICHAEL A ARCURI (69%)










 August 5, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
30, 2019 Tuesday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 7265 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Aaron Christopher Rakers

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD of IT
Hardware & Networking Equipment and Senior Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division - MD

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Kevin Edward Cassidy

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
- Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As
a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves.
Please go ahead.

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. By
now, you should've had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release
and slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the
Investor Relations page of AMD's website, amd.com. Participants on today's
conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and
Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our website.

I would like to highlight some important dates for you. In
celebration of AMD's 50th anniversary on May 1, 2019, Dr. Lisa Su and members
of AMD's executive leadership team will host a panel discussion reflecting on
50 years of innovation by AMD. This will be held at the NASDAQ MarketSite in
New York City. Dr. Lisa Su, President and Chief Executive Officer, will also be
delivering a keynote address at COMPUTEX in Taiwan on Monday, May 27; Ruth
Cotter, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, HR and Investor Relations
will present at the Bank of America Global Technology Conference on Tuesday,
June 4; and our 2019 second quarter quiet time will begin at the close of
business on Friday, June 14, 2019.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations. We will refer
primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call except for revenue
and segment operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP
financial measures referenced on this call are reconciled to their most
directly comparable GAAP financial measure in today's press release, which is
posted on our website. Please refer to the cautionary statements in our press
release for more information. You will also find detailed discussions about our
risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, AMD's annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2018.

Now with that, I would like to hand the call over to Lisa.
Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. We had a solid first quarter. Revenue was in line with our
expectations at $1.27 billion, down 23% year-over-year. Ryzen and EPYC
Processor and Data Center GPU revenue more than doubled year-over-year, helping
expand gross margin by 5 percentage points and partially offsetting graphics
channel softness and lower Semi-Custom revenue.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, revenue
declined year-over-year as higher Client Processor sales were offset by lower
Graphics sales to the channel. Client Processor sales increased by a strong
double-digit percentage from the year ago period as unit shipments increased
significantly and our new products drove a higher client ASP. As a result, we
believe we gained unit market share for the sixth straight quarter.

In the desktop channel, demand for our highest end Ryzen 7
and Ryzen 5 CPUs was strong, with sales increasing sequentially and
outperforming seasonality. Ryzen Mobile Processor adoption continues to
accelerate. Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Lenovo and other OEMs have launched more than
a dozen new Ryzen mobile notebooks so far in 2019, helping us deliver our fifth
straight quarter of year-over-year Mobile Processor growth. Our customers are
on track to increase the number of Ryzen Notebook models by more than 50% from
2018. The majority of these new systems are planned to launch in the second
quarter in advance of the seasonally stronger second half of the year.

In Graphics, revenue decreased year-over-year driven largely
by lower channel sales partially offset by a significant increase in Data
Center GPU sales. Radeon Vega GPU shipments grew by a strong double-digit
percentage both year-over-year and sequentially based on increased adoption
across OEM, gaming and data center customers. Apple introduced 2 new iMac
systems featuring upgraded Radeon Pro Vega GPUs that deliver up to 80% faster
graphics performance than the previous generation. We believe we made good
progress improving channel inventory levels. Sell-through accelerated
sequentially driven by sales of both our mainstream Radeon RX GPUs and new
high-end Radeon VII gaming GPUs. We are well-positioned to grow GPU revenue in
the second quarter and through the second half of the year as we expect to
introduce our first 7-nanometer Navi gaming GPUs in the third quarter. We
delivered another quarter of strong data center GPU sales based on increased
adoption across large customers. Our progress was highlighted by Google's
announcement that they selected high-performance Radeon GPUs and AMD's software
development tools to power their upcoming Stadia game streaming platform. Stadia
is a great example of how we are expanding the depth and breadth of our data
center customer engagements. We are seeing growing customer interest in our
differentiated platforms for game streaming, machine learning and HPC workloads
that combine our high-performance GPUs with open source software tools.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-custom segment.
Revenue decreased from a year ago as expected due to lower Semi-Custom revenue
as we enter the seventh year of the current game console cycle. Our Semi-Custom
business model continues to play an important role in our long-term growth as
our strong IP portfolio enables the industry's biggest brands to create
differentiated solutions. The latest example is Sony. We are honored that Sony
has selected a custom AMD SoC based on our Zen 2 CPU and Navi GPU architectures
to power its next-generation PlayStation console. Our Server CPU revenue grew
significantly from the year ago period, as EPYC processor adoption across
cloud, HPC and Enterprise customers continued to grow. Overall in the data
center, our CPU and GPU sales accounted for a mid-teens percentage of quarterly
revenue. Our work with cloud leader, Amazon, continues to expand as they rolled
out AMD-based offerings to additional regions and launched 3 new EPYC
processor-powered EC2 instance families, including the first T3 Series
instance. Growing HPC and regional cloud service provider deployments resulted
in EPYC processor channel sales increasing sequentially. In the Enterprise, we
added dozens of new customers across the aerospace, health care, automotive and
telecom industries based on the superior performance of EPYC processors in big
data and general-purpose virtualized workloads.

Turning to our next-generation Rome processor. We made
excellent progress in the quarter, achieving key production milestones with our
largest OEM and cloud customers. We are very excited about the performance of
Rome, which is on track to deliver 4x the floating-point performance and double
the compute performance per socket compared to our current generation EPYC
processors. We are on track to begin Rome production shipments in the second
quarter to support a third quarter launch.

In summary, I am pleased with our first quarter financial
results based on the strong execution engine we have built across the company.

Tomorrow is an important day in AMD's history, as we
celebrate our 50th anniversary. This is a significant milestone for any
company, but especially significant for a technology company. 2019 is arguably
the most important year in our history as the $75 billion market for our
high-performance Computing and Graphics products has never been larger. And our
product portfolio has never been stronger. We are right where we planned to be
with our multiyear road map, including our upcoming 7-nanometer Ryzen, Radeon
and EPYC processors that can drive our next wave of revenue growth and share
gains. We remain confident in our ability to continue delivering on our
ambitious leadership road map for the PC, gaming and data center markets.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder, to provide
some additional color on our first quarter financial performance. Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. The first
quarter of 2019 was a good start to the new year. Revenue was $1.27 billion and
gross margin of 41% was up almost 5 points from the prior year. This was the
eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year gross margin expansion driven by
the ramp of our strong portfolio of high-performance products. Quarterly
revenue was down 23% from a year ago. Strong sales of Ryzen and EPYC processors
and data center GPUs were more than offset by lower graphics channel sales and
lower Semi-Custom revenue. Gross margin was 41%, up 470 basis points from a
year ago, primarily driven by Ryzen, EPYC -- Ryzen and EPYC processor sales as
well as data center GPU sales. Operating expenses grew 12% year-over-year to
$498 million, primarily driven by go-to-market activities and investments in
our product road map. Operating income was $84 million, down from $152 million
a year ago, primarily due to lower revenue and higher operating expenses,
partially offset by a $60 million licensing gain from the joint venture with
THATIC. Operating margin was 7%, down from 9% last year. Net income was $62
million, compared to $121 million a year ago, and diluted earnings per share
was $0.06 per share compared to $0.11 per share a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $831 million, down 26% year-over-year, as strong
Client Processor and Data Center GPU sales were more than offset by lower
Graphics channel sales. Ryzen Products continued to ramp driven by strong growth
across both desktop and mobile processors.

In Graphics, sales were down year-over-year due to lower
Graphics channel sales and negligible blockchain-related revenue in the
quarter, partially offset by strong Radeon Data Center GPU sales.

Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $16
million compared to $138 million a year ago. The decrease was due primarily to
lower revenue and higher OpEx.

In the Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment, revenue
was $441 million, down 17% from the prior year. Server revenue growth was more
than offset by anticipated lower Semi-Custom revenue. EESC segment operating
profit was $68 million compared to $14 million a year ago. The improvement was
largely due to an IP licensing gain of $60 million associated with the joint
venture with THATIC.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.2 billion at the end of the quarter. During
the quarter, we received $448 million of cash related to Mubadala's warrant
exercise. We used $64 million of cash to fully extinguish the 2019 term debt
and $100 million of cash to retire other term debt. The principal debt balance
as of the end of the quarter was $1.4 billion as compared to $1.7 billion a
year ago, and we have no long-term debt maturities until 2022. Free cash flow
was negative $275 million in the quarter primarily due to higher inventory and
the timing of collections. We expect to be free cash flow positive for the full
year. Inventory was $955 million, up $110 million sequentially, primarily due
to an increase in inventory of new products in anticipation of higher revenue.
Adjusted EBITDA was $130 million compared to $196 million a year ago due to
lower quarterly earnings and, on a trailing 12 month basis, adjusted EBITDA was
$737 million. Gross leverage at the end of the quarter was 1.8x.

Turning to the outlook for the second quarter of 2019. We
expect revenue to be approximately $1.52 billion, plus or minus $50 million, an
increase of approximately 19% sequentially and a decrease of approximately 13%
year-over-year. Sequentially, the increase is expected to be driven by growth
across all businesses. The year-over-year decrease is expected to be primarily
driven by lower Graphics channel space -- sales, negligible blockchain-related
GPU revenue and lower Semi-Custom revenue. In addition, for Q2 2019, we expect
non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 41%, non-GAAP operating expenses to
be approximately $510 million, as we invest in our new products and upcoming
product launches, non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be
approximately $25 million.

For the full year 2019, AMD continues to expect high
single-digit percentage revenue growth and non-GAAP gross margin to be greater
than 41%.

In closing, the first quarter was a good start to the year.
We remain focused on executing our plans for the remainder of the year and look
forward to unveiling a strong portfolio of next-generation products to drive
financial growth and customer momentum throughout 2019.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready
for our first conference -- for our first call?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Matt Ramsay from Cowen.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Congratulations, Lisa, to you and your
team on the 50th anniversary. I guess, the first question from me is, it was
encouraging to see you guys reiterate the full year growth expectation.
Obviously, one of your large server competitors had a bit of a hiccup on some
of the outlook and talked about maybe a bit of a softer server market for the
full year. Maybe you could give an update on what you guys are seeing for the
servo macro environment and the confidence that you might have in the product's
ramping?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Matt. Thank you for the question. So yes,
as it relates to how the year is developing, it's developing largely as we
expected when we started the year. So relative to our Q2 guidance, we are
guiding up 19% sequentially and every business is growing. That's coming from,
if you look across the businesses, our client business is growing due to new
platforms that are launching. Our Graphics business, the channel inventory has
improved since we started the year, and we have our Server business which is
really starting some early shipments of Rome in the second quarter going to the
second half of the year. As it relates to the full year guidance and how we
look at it, again, it's largely as we expected as we're laying out the year.
There certainly is some discussion with our customers about some inventory in
the Data Center especially here in the first half. When we developed them, our
plan, our Data Center business was always more second half weighted, and
continues to be so, because much of that is dependent on platforms that are
launching around our Rome product portfolio. So we're going to continue to
watch the Data Center overall environment, but at this point, we're focused on
our products and our customers continue to have a very strong pull. There's a
lot of interest in Rome. We're doing well on our qualifications and so we feel
good about how that's developing.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Got it. And as a follow-up, you mentioned
the 19% sequential guidance for Q2. It seems like a bit of a transitional
quarter for the company with a lot of things going on towards product launches
that will happen to feed the back half of the year. So maybe you could talk a
little bit more granularly about the drivers of Q2, just given that it's a bit
of a transition for a whole new portfolio rolling out, and if there's any kind
of color on contributions from older or newer products in the second quarter
guidance, that would be helpful.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Matt. So, yes. As we look at Q2, it is a
bit of a transition in the product portfolio. It's an important quarter for us
as we are preparing to launch our 7-nanometer products. In terms of the overall
business, as I stated earlier, each of the businesses is growing for different
reasons. I think starting with Server, again, it's the greatest percentage of
growth, and it really is the start of some shipments of Rome. We expect that
Rome will launch here in the third quarter and there's some preparations that
need to be done for that. As we look at the Graphics business, again, the
channel inventory situation has improved and so that we expect that the channel
will be up here in the second quarter and then into the second half as we
launch Navi. And in the Client business, we have a large number of platforms
with our OEM customers that are launching here in the second quarter around our
second-generation Ryzen mobile processors, and we're also in preparations for
our third-generation Ryzen desktop as well.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Aaron Rakers from
Wells Fargo.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS, MD OF IT HARDWARE & NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I
guess, first question, and I do have a quick follow-up, is when you kind of lay
out Rome and the expectation of a ramp going forward, can you just remind us of
how you currently see the setup with regard to market share opportunities or market
share gains that you would expect? And where do you think you fell off this
last quarter in terms of market share in the overall server space?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Aaron. Look, as we look at the server
market, we know very well that the data center market takes time to ramp with
any new product. And so that's the way we have sort of built our plans. What we
have previously stated is that, from, let's call it, at the beginning of this
year, we'd expect that over the next 4 to 6 quarters, we would continue to ramp
our server market share with a goal of getting to double-digit percentage
share. As it relates to the Q1 quarter, again, we'll have to wait to see how
the numbers come out. The Data Center business, for us, on the CPU side behaved
as expected in Q1. But we did see some product mix shift, so Q4 was a large
quarter for us in the Cloud business for our EPYC processors. And Q1, the mix
shift did more to Enterprise and channel. And from that, the ASPs were higher,
the units were lower and so again, largely as we would've expected.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: Okay. And then as a quick
follow-up, congratulations on the announcement with Sony. I'm just curious, I
think last quarter, you had suggested that you expected that Semi-Custom
business to decline by 20%-plus this year. Assuming that, that's still the
case, number 1. Number 2, how do we now start to think about the growth profile
of that looking into next year?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Sure. So yes, we are very pleased with our
partnership and expanding our partnership with Sony on their next-generation
consoles. As we see the Semi-Custom business at this point, we still believe
that it's going to be down substantially in 2019. Let's call it approximately
20% plus. And then as we go into 2020, without talking about any specific
customer, we believe that Semi-Custom will return to a growth business for us
in 2020 and beyond.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Toshiya Hari from
Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, we continue to hear about the CPU shortage, which is obviously
primarily caused by your competitor. I'm curious, are you seeing any impact on
your business in the near term? And more importantly, as we go into the second
half and they ramp capacity, are you concerned at all that, that could disrupt
your business, whether it be market share swings or pricing pressure? And I
have a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So as it relates to CPU shortages in the
market, look, we see a little bit of that. I would say there are pockets of
shortage, mostly at the low-end of the market, frankly. So from our standpoint,
I don't believe it's a huge contributor to our business. As we look at the PC
business, both in the first half and the second half of the year, we believe that
the PC business can be a growth business for us. From a market environment
standpoint, we believe the market is not too bad. We call it flat to slightly
down. When we look at our product portfolio in the notebook space with our
second-generation Ryzen platforms, I would believe we have much stronger
platforms that are ramping through this year. And then in the desktop space, we
believe we'll be very competitive as we've launched the third generation of
Ryzen desktops. So I view the PC business as an important growth driver for us
in 2019 and we see it as a good market for us.

TOSHIYA HARI: And then on the follow-up, in your prepared
remarks, you mentioned that Data Center CPUs and GPUs accounted for about
mid-teens percentage of your revenue in the quarter. Like last quarter, can you
give us a rough split between the 2 and related to that, I was hoping you could
help us size the game streaming opportunity long-term. Obviously, you're
involved with Google today. How does that business with them evolve over the
next 12 to 18 months? And what's your opportunity elsewhere in terms of
broadening your customer base?

LISA T. SU: Sure. So, as we stated, that the Data Center CPU
and GPU business was about mid-teens percentage of revenue for us. Both
businesses were down, as expected, in Q1 and much of that was the strength of
the Q4 quarter, especially around the cloud. We mentioned in Q4 that the split
between CPUs and GPUs was close. So they were close. As we look longer term for
Data Center GPUs, and your question about the cloud streaming opportunity,
we're very pleased with our partnership with Google. It's a result of several
years of effort, where we were optimizing both hardware and software together.
And so we think it's an important vertical for us. We are working with other
customers in the cloud streaming area as well. So again, I think it's an
interesting and important market over the next couple of years. We also have a
number of other workloads that we feel good about as it relates to data center
GPU, including HPC, especially when you combine our CPU and GPU portfolio
together. We think HPC is a great workload for us and -- as well as machine
learning. And we're working with, in machine learning, with a couple of leading
cloud customers to, again, optimize our software to their needs. So again, the
data center GPU market will continue to be an important driver for us over the
next couple of years.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I have a question on your gross margin
guidance. I'm a little confused why it's flat sequentially into Q2 on a pretty
meaningful revenue lift. You talked about all business is growing and you mentioned
a number of them, but you didn't mention Semi-Custom. I mean, is this just a
matter of mix? Is Semi-Custom driving a lot of the growth or is there something
else going around -- on about your intra-business mix or pricing or something?
Like what's going on with the gross margins?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Stacy, let me start and I'll let Devinder
comment. I should have mention Semi-Custom in that list as well. So Semi-Custom
is going through a seasonal build. So although it will be down substantially
year-over-year, it's still a seasonal build for us as we go from Q2 -- from Q1
into Q2. Devinder, maybe you want to comment as well?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, so...

STACY AARON RASGON: By the quarter, maybe? Like with the
growth by business?

LISA T. SU: Can I rank order the growth by business? That's
probably a bit more granular than I would like to get, but I think it's fair to
say that all businesses have to grow a decent amount to get to 19% sequential
growth.

DEVINDER KUMAR: That's right, Lisa. So fundamentally, Stacy,
it's the product mix in the quarter that's driving the flat gross margin. Add
the 41% guide. It is an improvement of 4 points year-on-year. Now, as you know
very well, we have businesses that are higher than corporate average gross
margin and lower than corporate average and the mix of the businesses, with
Semi-Custom that we just talked about lower than corporate average, is driving
the 41% guide for Q2.

LISA T. SU: You would also -- I'm sorry, Stacy, I would just
add. You would also expect Graphics is also a bit lower than corporate average
on the consumer side.

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay, so it's fair to say that a good
amount of the growth is coming from Graphics and Semi-Custom as it is as well
with the other stuff?

LISA T. SU: Yes, it's really across all of the businesses.

STACY AARON RASGON: For my follow-up I had a question on
OpEx. You're guiding 29% for the year-on-year, $510 million in Q2, and
obviously, high single-digits for the full revenue. So if I had revenue of 8%
for the full year, that would imply OpEx in Q3 and Q4 of $510 million of flat
to Q2 levels. Do you think that's realistic? Does OpEx actually stay flat for
the rest of the year from Q2 levels? Or does it need to go higher and if it
goes higher, does that imply that the revenue growth embedded in your guidance
for the year has to be about 8%?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I think, Stacy, the way you want to
look at it is the first half of 2019, we do have incremental R&D and
go-to-market activities in the first quarter and even in the second. As you
know, we are preparing for a strong series of significant 7-nanometer product
launches this year and also share gains as we get to the back half of the year.
And that's obviously driving the OpEx. Overall for the year, we are comfortable
in the 29% for the year of overall revenue from an OpEx standpoint. And as you
have seen us in the past, we do have a way of modulating the OpEx as needed,
but right now, we are investing in the road maps, we're embarking on product
launches and the go-to-market activities and very focused to make sure that we
are well positioned in the first half going into the second half where we see
the revenue lift compared to the first half of 2019.

STACY AARON RASGON: Does that apply OpEx -- do see OpEx
going up from current levels for the rest of the year then? Or does it go down
or does it stay flat?

DEVINDER KUMAR: $510 million is the guide for Q2, and 29%
for the year is the layout all through the model.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from David Wong from
Nomura Instinet.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD, NOMURA SECURITIES CO. LTD., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Devinder, can you give us an idea of what gross margins are currently
running at for the client to data center processors and what direction these
gross margins are moving in?

DEVINDER KUMAR: The client and data center businesses are
higher than corporate average and the Semi-Custom business and Graphics, as we
just said on the last question, are lower than corporate average especially on
the Graphics Consumer side and the Data Center GPU side obviously is better.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Great. And are gross margins rising for
your Microprocessor businesses at the moment?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think early in the year in the second
quarter, we are getting the second quarter [at our] 41% guide and our guidance
for the year is greater than 41% on an annual basis, is what we have stated so
far.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Okay, great. And Lisa, my last question,
in 2020, do you expect meaningful Semi-Custom revenues outside the game console
space and if so, what types of applications will these Semi-Custom chips be
used in?

LISA T. SU: Yes, David, so as it relates to the Semi-Custom
business, as we go out in time, we do expect additional applications other than
consoles, but consoles are a large piece of the business, and so you would
expect that they would continue to be a large piece of the business.

OPERATOR: Your next question today is coming from Mitch
Steves from RBC Capital Markets.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 1 quick historic one. I've got 2, but the first on the
historical side, for March of '18, did you guys provide a rough breakout of how
much your revenue was server-related?

LISA T. SU: No. We wouldn't have done that.

DEVINDER KUMAR: No, we haven't done that. Not that specific.
I think server is, if you're referring to the CPU side, it's within the EESC
segment.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: Okay. And then if I look at the
second half of the year, you guys are trying to talk to like around 41%, 42%
kind of gross margin rough level. So is it safe to assume that we should see a
pretty big step function in September quarter on the gross margin? Or is that,
I guess, is that incorrect or is that aggressive?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think you've got to look at it from a
viewpoint of the product mix. I said we are shipping, like Lisa said, Rome in
preparation of our launch in Q3. We have a couple of other new products that
will start shipping in Q3 and we'll see how the margin comes out when we come
in and talk about Q3 about 90 days from now.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm wondering if you can talk about gross margins in the
Console segment. Obviously, that's been pretty low historically. You also have
customers funding the R&D but as you look to the next generation of
consoles, do you see opportunity to improve the gross margin in that space?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Joe. I think it's a bit early to talk about
margins for the next generation. As you stated, the gross margins of the
Console business are below corporate average. The operating margins are quite
good because the customers are paying the engineering expenses for it. But I
think the gross margins are below corporate average. We would expect, though,
and I think you would expect this, as the company continues to grow, the
percentage of the company that is Semi-Custom is lower than it has historically
been.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: Yes, that makes sense. And then if
you look at the GPU Data Center opportunities, the gross margin there, how does
that compare to, say, the discrete Graphics portion of your business and how
does it compare to corporate average, things like that?

LISA T. SU: The GPU Data Center business would be above
corporate average and above our Consumer Graphics business.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I had a couple of questions on the Server strategy
longer term. Can help us understand ultimately what percentage of the workloads
in the cloud do you expect to target? And -- that's the first part of the
question. The second part of the question is, I was hoping you could provide
some color on the customization strategy? I think Intel might argue that they
are embedding IP blocks for their customers. Is that something that you do or
you think about doing? Or to what extent does your customization strategy fall
under your Semi-Custom model? And I was wondering are your customers on the
server side asking you for like an APU-kind-of-a product where the -- you have
microprocessor and graphics processor capabilities integrated together.

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Mark. So look, when we think
about our Server strategy and maybe our -- let me generalize it to our Data
Center strategy overall. It is a multiyear, multigenerational road map. In
terms of the workloads that we plan to address, we are -- in addition to the
workloads that we do very, very well on, like, big data, data analytics and
virtualization, high-performance computing, cloud workloads, I think we do
quite well with general-purpose workloads too, as we move generations. So as we
look at, for example, the Rome generation, the second generation of EPYC, we
would expect address well 80%-plus of the workloads. As it relates to
customization for server CPUs, there are varying degrees of customization that
customers want, especially as you go through a number of the different cloud
workloads that are out there. There are specific requirements that are there.
We're very comfortable doing that. I think the customers have been deeply
engaged with us since the first generation of EPYC. There is both software
customization as well as some hardware customization that we go through. So --
and we feel very comfortable with our ability to address that across the Cloud
and the Enterprise businesses. And then, as we go forward, I think we are also
very excited about what we can do when we put our CPU and GPU portfolio
together and really do system-level optimization for the Data Center. So we
view that as a early opportunity for us but one where there is a lot of
opportunity to help customers really optimize for very high-performance
computing applications.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Vivek Arya
from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Congratulations on the strong results and the pipeline. These are 2 questions
from me as well. First, you have Naples now and Rome server shipping soon.
Intel has Cascade Lake with Optane. What are you hearing from customers on the
pricing versus feature comparison? And where I'm going with that is, how well
is AMD prepared if your competitor decides to perhaps become a little more
aggressive on the pricing side? At what point does pricing matter, and at what
point does your feature list matter more?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so Vivek, look, we understand that it's a
very competitive market out there. It's always been very competitive and we are
prepared for it to get even more competitive. When you look at our road map, I
think we feel very comfortable with sort of our positioning. And the way I
think about it, when it comes to the data center market, the price is only 1
factor and it's probably not the most important factor when people are choosing
their next-generation products. The most important factor is really total cost
of ownership, and the advantages that we have with our chiplet architecture and
their 7-nanometer sort of process capabilities really have a great sort of
power performance benefit. So we are -- as you say, we're prepared for a
competitive environment, but we also feel that our product, from a performance
standpoint and a positioning standpoint will be positioned quite well in the
marketplace.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And as a follow up, Lisa, you mentioned
your goal of getting to double-digit market shares in Servers over the next 4
to 6 quarters. I assume that will require a greater contribution from
Enterprise customers, and that is right. What pushbacks are you seeing from
them now? Is it just a matter of time that you increase your Enterprise
attraction? In general, what -- do you need to do anything extra to attract
Enterprise customers?

LISA T. SU: Yes. No, it's a great point. We certainly have
deep engagements with both cloud and the OEMs. On the Enterprise customers, we
sell through our OEM partners. The pushback that we get, I don't know if I
would call it pushback. I would just say that Enterprise tends to move a bit
more slowly than cloud. There are longer qualification cycles because there're
qualification cycles on both the OEM side as well as the end customer side. We
are continuing to build out our direct sales force as it relates to facing the
Fortune 1000 customers and CIOs in that area. And I believe we will make
progress in Enterprise. Certainly, as we go forward from the Naples generation
into Rome, we'll have more platform coverage with our OEMs, and I think there
will be more familiarity with our architecture as well as more software
optimized to our architecture. So yes, we're very committed to the Enterprise
market and expect that we will make progress with time.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Blayne
Curtis from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, was just curious on the Server
product, you mentioned Enterprise was the bigger contributor in Q1. Just trying
to think about the life cycle of EPYC 1. Enterprise takes longer to call, so
I'm just kind of curious where you are in terms of rollout of that product.
Obviously, Rome's going to come in at the end of the year. I'm just kind of
curious how you see the tail on EPYC 1 throughout the year?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so Blayne, I think, as I stated a little
earlier, I think the Data Center business does tend to move slowly. So we would
expect that there will be a good amount of time where we will have both Naples
and Rome in market at the same point in time, and that just depends on
qualification cycles, platform needs and some platforms are being refreshed
right away. Some platforms are going to take a little bit longer to be
refreshed. And so, from my standpoint, I think that Naples will continue to be
important for us in 2019, even as we ramp Rome with our launch in the second
half of the year.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: Got you. And then if I could just ask
on the Data Center GPU product you had, the Google ramp, I think it started in
Q4. Just kind of curious, your pipeline for that product and how you think
about the slope of that business and the lumpiness of -- given that large
customer?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so we do expect the Data Center GPU
business to be a bit lumpy. We do have several sort of large customers that are
ramping product with us, and there'll be some ebb and flow as we go on a
quarterly basis. But on an annual basis, I think 2019 will certainly be -- we
expect it to be significantly up from 2018. And the pipeline is good. So when
we look at the pipeline, as I mentioned, cloud streaming is a good workload for
us. Google is one customer, but we're working with other customers as well, and
we also see HPC and machine learning as additional workloads that will be good
for us in that business.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Operator, we have time for 2 more
questions, please?

OPERATOR: Certainly. Our question is coming from Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, regarding Navi, if you can comment on
it. What is the positioning of that particular product relative to the -- your
current 7-nanometer GPU? And regarding Navi, can you tell us if it's going to
include ray tracing?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so Hans, we are excited about Navi. Navi is
a new architecture for us in gaming. It has a lot of new features across the
Navi architecture. Things are progressing well. We expect it to launch in the
third quarter. From a positioning standpoint, I probably won't go through it in
great detail right now other than to say that it is 7-nanometer Navi, but it
will be positioned below where, for example, our Radeon VII is positioned today
from a price point standpoint. And then in terms of ray tracing, again, we will
talk more about our overall Navi road map as we get closer to the launch.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Kevin
Cassidy from Stifel.

KEVIN EDWARD CASSIDY, DIRECTOR, STIFEL, NICOLAUS &
COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Congratulations. As you're
introducing the new generations of Ryzen, should we assume that ASPs will
continue to go up or are some of these purpose built for lower price points?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Kevin. So as we look at the new generations
of Ryzen, our goal is certainly to improve the mix of the products, and so we
think, as we improve the performance of the product, that we can improve that
mix. Now the actual mix will vary, of course, depending on a number of things
as we go through quarter by quarter, but certainly, as -- our goal is to
continue to improve our penetration at the higher end of the PC processors.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Kevin. Thank you, everyone, for
joining us today. This concludes our call. We appreciate your time and
attention to this earnings call, and certainly your support of our company.
Have a nice evening.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 043019a12486404.704










 EXECUTIVES (94%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCES &
CONVENTIONS (89%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (79%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); GLOBALIZATION (78%); STOCK EXCHANGES (77%);
ANNIVERSARIES (60%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

NOMURA SECURITIES CO LTD (71%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (70%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

BANK OF AMERICA CORP (58%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (96%); AMD (FRA) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%);
MS (NYSE) (58%); BAC (NYSE) (58%); BAC (LSE) (58%); 8648 (TSE) (58%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (96%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED
WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES
(91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING
(84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES &
AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (58%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (58%);
NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT & GENERAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTING
SERVICES (56%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (92%); BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%);
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); REAL ESTATE (78%);
STOCK EXCHANGES (77%); CONSULTING SERVICES (75%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%);
SEMICONDUCTORS (75%); INTERNET & WWW (73%); NETWORKING EQUIPMENT (73%);
TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT (73%); WEBSITES (67%)










 LISA SU (94%)










 NEW YORK, NY, USA (77%); NEW YORK, USA (75%); TAIWAN
(79%)










 May 5, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
29, 2019 Tuesday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 9000 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Aaron Christopher Rakers

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD of IT
Hardware & Networking Equipment and Senior Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vijay Raghavan Rakesh

Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division - MD of
Americas Research & Senior Semiconductor Analyst

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to Advanced Micro Devices'
Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a
reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Laura Graves.
Please go ahead.

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2018
Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunities to review a copy
of our earnings release and slides. If you have not reviewed these documents,
they can be found on the Investor Relations page of AMD's website, 

.

Participants on today's conference call are: Dr. Lisa Su,
our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.

This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our
website.

I would like to highlight some important dates for you. Dr.
Lisa Su will present at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference on
Tuesday, February 12. Also, Ruth Cotter, Senior Vice President of HR Worldwide
Marketing and Investor Relations will present at the Susquehanna Annual
Technology Conference on Tuesday, March 12; and our 2019 first quarter quiet
time will begin at the close of business on Friday, March 15, 2019.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations. We will refer
primarily to non-GAAP financial measures during this call except for revenue,
gross margin and segment operational results, which are reported on a GAAP
basis. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced herein are reconciled to
their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in today's press release,
which is posted on our website.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in our press
release for more information. You will also find detailed discussions about our
risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in particular, AMD's quarterly
report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2018.

Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. 2018 marked another year of strong financial performance,
driven by our expanded high-performance product portfolio despite near-term
graphics weakness. We grew annual revenue by 23%, with Ryzen, EPYC and data
center GPU product revenue growing by more than $1.2 billion for the year. Our
new products gained share and significantly expanded gross margin, leading to
our most profitable year since 2011.

Looking at the fourth quarter, revenue of $1.42 billion
increased 6% from a year ago, with approximately 65% of sales coming from our
new products. We reached an important milestone in our business in the quarter
as our high-margin data center CPUs and GPUs accounted for a mid-teens
percentage of overall revenue. While we expect our data center revenue to be
lumpy, the ramp of our data center business is beginning to contribute
meaningfully to our financial results.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, we delivered
our eighth straight quarter of year-over-year segment revenue growth. Sales of
Ryzen desktop and notebook processors and data center GPUs offset lower GPU
sales as the channel continued working through elevated levels of graphics
inventory. Client processor unit shipments grew by more than 50% from the
year-ago period. We had our highest client computing revenue in more than 4
years, and we believe we gained client CPU unit share for the fifth straight
quarter.

At CES, Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, Huawei, Lenovo and Samsung,
all launched notebooks powered by our new second-generation Ryzen mobile
processor with Radeon Vega graphics. The second-gen Ryzen mobile processor
delivers more performance, enhanced features and longer battery life than any
mobile processor we have ever built and is the fastest processor available for
ultrathin notebooks.

The industry's first AMD-based Chromebooks launched earlier
this quarter from Acer and HP. We expect additional AMD-based Chromebooks to
launch later this year as we expand our participation in this growing portion
of the PC market.

Based on the competitive positioning of our Ryzen processors,
we expect the number of Ryzen systems that we'll launch in 2019 to increase by
more than 30% from 2018, with a number of Ryzen notebook systems planned to
launch increasing by more than 50%.

In graphics, GPU revenue decreased year-over-year, driven
largely by lower channel GPU and memory sales, partially offset by a
significant increase in data center GPU sales. We saw an improvement in channel
GPU sellouts throughout the quarter as our partners continue to drain their
inventory. There is still more work to do, but we remain confident we're taking
the right actions to further reduce channel inventory.

We set a record for professional GPU revenue in the quarter,
driven by multiple high-volume wins for our Vega-based data center GPUs. We
started shipping our new 7-nanometer Radeon Instinct accelerators in the
quarter and introduced a major set of enhancements to our data center GPU
software that make it easier for customers to deploy Radeon GPUs for AI and
machine learning workloads.

At CES, we highlighted the significant gaming momentum we
are generating for Radeon across consoles, PCs and the cloud. For gamers and
creators, we announced our return to the high-end GPU market with the new
Radeon VII GPU. Powered by our second-generation Vega graphics core and
featuring 16 gigabytes of second-generation high-bandwidth memory, our new
7-nanometer Radeon VII GPU delivers leadership performance in content creation
and compute workloads, and is very competitively positioned when running the
most demanding AAA games at 4K resolution. In cloud gaming, we announced that
Google selected Radeon Pro GPUs to power their game streaming initiative,
Project Stream. The performance and differentiated virtualization features of
our Radeon Pro GPUs enabled Google to deliver an uncompromised high definition
gaming experience on virtually any PC.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom
segments, revenue was flat from a year ago as a double-digit percentage
decrease in semi-custom revenue was offset by strong growth in EPYC processor
sales. As expected, semi-custom sales were down from a year ago based on where
we are in the current console cycle. This console generation remains one of the
most successful ever as Microsoft and Sony combined have now shipped well in
excess of 120 million AMD-powered consoles. Fourth quarter server unit
shipments more than doubled sequentially based on growing demand for our
highest-end 32-core EPYC processors with cloud, HPC and virtualized enterprise
customers. As a result, we believe we achieved our goal of mid-single-digit
server unit share exiting 2018.

We had another strong quarter of cloud adoption, highlighted
by industry-leader Amazon announcing new versions of their most popular EC2
computing instances powered by EPYC processors. Businesses can easily migrate
their AWS instances to AMD and save 10% or more based on the technology
advantages of our platform.

Microsoft Azure also announced general availability of their
AMD-based storage instance in the quarter as well as a new HPC instance,
powered by EPYC processors that is 33% faster than competitive x86 offerings.
We secured multiple HPC wins in the quarter, including Procter & Gamble,
the U.S. Department of Energy and one of Europe's largest supercomputers at the
University of Stuttgart's High-Performance Computing Center. Lawrence Livermore
labs also announced a new supercomputer featuring both EPYC processors and
Radeon Instinct accelerators that will be used for machine learning and big
data analytics workloads.

Customer interest in our next-generation Rome server
processor remains very high. Rome is expected to deliver 4x the floating-point
performance and double the compute performance per socket compared to our
current-generation EPYC processors. We publicly demonstrated a single 64-core
next-generation EPYC processor outperforming 2 of our competitors' highest-end
server processors in multiple workloads. Rome development is proceeding very
well, and we are on track to start shipments midyear.

I am also pleased to report that we concluded discussions
with GLOBALFOUNDRIES on the seventh amendment to our Wafer Supply Agreement.
The amendment affirms the strategic partnership with GF for products built at
12-nanometers and above and provides AMD with full sourcing flexibility at the
7-nanometer and below nodes. GF continues to be a critical supplier of AMD's
current-generation products and will play a key role in our next-generation
Ryzen and EPYC products with our triplet strategy.

In summary, 2018 was another strong year for AMD. Increased
adoption of our high-performance products drove a second straight year of
double-digit annual revenue growth, expanded gross margins and improved
profitability. I would like to thank the more than 10,000 AMD employees whose
dedication to building great products have made these results possible.

While headwinds remain in the graphics channel and macro
uncertainties are causing some caution in the first half of 2019, we believe we
are well positioned to gain share throughout the year and accelerate growth as
we ramp our next-generation 7-nanometer products.

As we enter 2019, we are preparing to launch our strongest
product portfolio ever. In gaming, we will launch our high-end Radeon VII GPU
in February, followed by our next-generation Navi GPUs later in the year. In
client computing, we started the year with our second-generation Ryzen mobile
processors, and we are on track to launch our third-generation Ryzen desktop
processors in the middle of the year. And in the server market, we expect to
deliver a significant step function performance increase with the launch of our
next-generation Rome processors in the middle of the year.

I am very proud of what we accomplished in 2018 and even
more excited about how our long-term investments are set to pay off in 2019.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our fourth quarter and full year financial
performance. Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. 2018 was a
strong year for AMD. New product introductions wrought the highest annual
revenue since 2011 and a significant improvement in gross margin
year-over-year. Earnings per share increased from $0.10 per share in 2017 to
$0.46 per share in 2018. Full year 2018 revenue was $6.48 billion, up 23%
year-on-year, driven by strong performance in the Computing and Graphics
segment with significant growth in Ryzen processor sales. Although there was
weakness in the graphics channel in the second half of the year, we saw
strength in data center CPUs and GPUs. Gross margin was 39%, up 440 basis
points from the prior year. Gross margin improvements are primarily driven by
our new Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon products. Operating expenses were 29% of
revenue, an improvement of 2 percentage points from the prior year. For the
full year, operating income was $633 million, up $409 million from $224 million
in the prior year. Net income was $514 million, up $411 million, compared to
net income of $103 million in the prior year. On the balance sheet, we reduced
principal debt by $171 million and improved gross leverage significantly from
4.6x a year ago to 1.9x at the end of 2018.

Let me turn to the details of the fourth quarter results.
Fourth quarter revenue gross margin, operating margin and earnings per share
all improved year-on-year. Quarterly revenue of $1.42 billion was up 6% from a
year ago. Strong sales of Ryzen and EPYC processors and data center GPUs more
than offset lower channel GPU and semi-custom sales during the quarter. Fourth
quarter 2018 revenue did not include any IP-related revenue, and
blockchain-related GPU revenue was negligible.

Gross margin was 41%, up 740 basis points from 34% a year
ago. Year-on-year gross margin improvement was driven primarily by the ramp of
Ryzen and EPYC processor sales. Gross margin has increased year-over-year for 7
consecutive quarters, driven by a higher percentage of revenue from new
products. Fourth quarter 2018 gross margin excludes a $45 million write-down of
all the technology licenses that are no longer being used. Operating expenses
grew 9% year-over-year to $474 million and remained approximately flat as a
percentage of revenue from the year-ago period. We continue to invest in our product
road map and go-to-market activities as we gain market share in important
markets.

Operating income was $109 million, up $90 million from $19
million a year ago. Operating margin was 8%, up from less than 2% last year.
Net income was $87 million compared to $8 million a year ago. Q4 2018 net
income excludes a withholding tax refund plus interest of $43 million related
to an IP litigation settlement from 2010. Diluted earnings per share using a
diluted share count of 1,180,000,000 was $0.08 per share compared to $0.01 per
share a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $986 million, up 9% year-over-year. Revenue growth
was driven primarily by continued strong Ryzen desktop product sales and the
adoption of second-generation Ryzen mobile processors, largely offset by lower
channel GPU and memory sales compared to the prior year. Ryzen products
continued to ramp and were greater than 80% of total client revenue, driven by
OEM and channel momentum. In graphics, sales were down year-over-year due to
negligible blockchain-related revenue in the fourth quarter of 2018 as well as
elevated levels of [tropics] inventory in the channel. Total graphics revenue
grew sequentially, driven by strong Radeon data center GPU sales.

Computing and Graphics operating segment income was $115
million compared to $33 million a year ago. The increase was driven primarily
by strength in Ryzen product sales and significantly higher ASPs in both
desktop and notebook compared to a year ago.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $433
million, flat from the prior year. Server revenue growth was offset by lower
semi-custom revenue. EPYC processor units more than doubled sequentially,
driving significant growth in data center revenue in the quarter. EESC segment
operating loss was $6 million compared to a loss of $13 million a year ago. The
improvement due to higher EPYC processor revenue was partially offset by lower
semi-custom revenue and continued engineering and go-to-market investments in
the server business.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.16 billion at the end of the quarter. We
generated free cash flow of $79 million in the quarter. Free cash flow was a negative
$129 million for the full year primarily due to growth in inventory related to
new products and the timing of collections. Inventory was $845 million, up $107
million sequentially, primarily due to the ramp of new products. Total
principal debt was $1.5 billion as we further reduced term debt by $60 million
during the [fourth] quarter, resulting in total debt reduction of $171 million
during 2018. We expect to pay off the remaining $66 million of 2019 term debt
in March 2019, and beyond that, there are no long-term debt maturities until
2022.

Adjusted EBITDA was $152 million compared to $58 million a
year ago, and on a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted EBITDA was $803 million,
more than doubling year-over-year. Gross leverage was 1.9x as we ended 2018,
and we are pleased to have achieved our long-term gross leverage target of less
than 2x.

Before turning to our financial outlook, let me discuss our
Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES. Today, the seventh amendment of
the WSA spans from January 2019 through March 2024. It establishes purchase
commitments and pricing at 12-nanometer and above for the years 2019 through
2021. The amendment also provides AMD full sourcing flexibility at 7-nanometer
and beyond without any onetime payments or royalties for products purchased
from other foundries.

Turning to the outlook for the first quarter of 2019. We
expect revenue to be approximately $1.25 billion plus or minus $50 million, a
decrease of approximately 12% sequentially and 24% year-over-year. Sequentially,
the decrease is expected to be primarily driven by continued softness in the
graphics channel and seasonality across the business. The year-over-year
decrease is expected to be primarily driven by lower graphics sales due to
excess channel inventory, the absence of blockchain-related GPU revenue and
lower memory sales. In addition, semi-custom revenue is expected to be lower
year-over-year while Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon data center GPU product sales are
expected to increase. In addition, for Q1 2019, we expect non-GAAP gross margin
to be approximately 41%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $480
million, non-GAAP interest expense taxes and other to be approximately $25
million, and we also expect to record a $60 million IP licensing gain associated
with the THATIC JV in the first quarter of 2019, which will be a benefit to
operating income and recorded on the licensing gain line of the P&L.

For the full year 2019, despite near-term weakness in the
graphics channel and a cautious macro environment, we expect high single-digit
percentage revenue growth driven by Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon data center GPU
product sales and as we ramp our 7-nanometer products throughout the year. We
expect non-GAAP gross margin to be greater than 41%, non-GAAP operating
expenses to be approximately 29% of revenue and a non-GAAP tax rate of
approximately 4% of pretax income.

In closing, we made excellent progress in 2018. We grew the
top line by more than $1.2 billion, expanded gross margin and significantly
improved profitability. We continue to execute our long-term financial model,
driven by our new high-performance computing products that gained solid
momentum last year. We are pleased to enter 2019 with a strengthened balance
sheet and a strong portfolio of next-generation products capable of driving
continued financial growth.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready
for our first question, please?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Toshiya Hari from Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, I had a question on your full year 2019 outlook. You guys are
guiding revenue growth kind of in the high single-digit range. Embedded in that
outlook, what kind of growth rates are you assuming for your core businesses,
computing, graphics, semi-custom and server CPUs? And then on the gross margin
side, 41% or greater, is the improvement year-over-year primarily a function of
revenue growth and mix? Or is the amendment in the WSA playing a role there as
well?

LISA T. SU: Sure. Thank you for the questions. So relative
to the full year guidance of up high single digits, the primary growth drivers
are Ryzen and EPYC, are the 2 largest growth drivers. With data center GPU
also, we're expecting that to be up. And then we would expect that semi-custom
will be down. If you look at the life cycle, semi-custom will be in the seventh
year of the console cycle, and so we expect semi-custom to be down
approximately 20% and then we would expect consumer graphics to also be down,
let's call it, double digits as we really burn off some of the channel
inventory that we see in the first half of the year. So Ryzen and EPYC are the
large drivers of the growth. And that's as we launch our 7-nanometer products
throughout the year. And then your second question, Toshi, was?

TOSHIYA HARI: Yes, in gross margins, 41% or greater, that's
2 percentage point or greater improvement year-over-year. Is that primarily a
function of revenue growth and improvement in mix, given Ryzen and EPYC? Or is
the WSA amendment providing a tailwind as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes, it's primarily due to mix. So the mix of
the higher-margin new products, Ryzen, EPYC, and the data center GPUs.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Next question, please?

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from
Cowen and Company.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I guess, I wanted to attack Toshi's
question on the full year a little bit differently and maybe just talk about a
little bit what share gain assumptions you guys are embedding for your
7-nanometer road map versus maybe some pragmatism or conservatism on the market
just given the macro. I mean, Intel talked about a flat PC TAM in terms of
units. And obviously, it's only, I guess, guided us to mid-single-digit growth
for their sort of expansive server business for the year, and you guys are
starting off down maybe 25% year-over-year in revenue for the first quarter
given what's going on in the graphics business. So maybe you could just walk us
through a little bit what you're thinking about the TAM growth of your 2 main
growth markets for the year versus share gains you're embedding.

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Matt. Look, I think, as it
relates to the market, I don't think we would have a very different view of the
market as others may have stated. Our story really is a share gain story. And
when you take a look at sort of the progress that we'd made in 2018 and the
design wins that we had in 2018, as we go over to 2019, when we look at both
Rome as well as Ryzen, we look at sort of the breadth of OEM platforms that we
have, the customer engagements by workload and sort of how we see that
progressing. We feel very good about the opportunity to gain share as we go
through the year, particularly given how competitive the products set is.
Similarly, on the PC side, we've made nice progress over the last 4, 5
quarters. On Ryzen, we started strong on desktop, and then the last couple of
quarters, we've made good progress on notebook. We see a broader portfolio with
our OEMs as we go into 2019, and we also see a more competitive desktop product
line as well as notebook product line. So that's how we're thinking about the
year. To your point about starting a little bit with lower guidance in Q1, I
think that's true. When we look at Q1, particularly on a year-on-year basis,
there are a lot of moving pieces. But it's primarily due to the graphics
channel. And that's both the reduced demand as well as the absence in
blockchain revenue on a year-over-year basis as well as the semi-custom
business. But as we move forward, as we go into Q2 and beyond, we see a
significant opportunity with the ramp of our new products, and that's how we
see the year.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Got it, that's helpful. Devinder, maybe
just a couple of little things in terms of licensing gains and IP revenue, just
I got asked a few times, and I just want to clarify here that the gross margin
outlook for the first quarter does not include any IP or licensing gains. And
then, for the full year, are you including any IP revenue in the revenue
outlook, and are we -- how should we think about the rest of the THATIC
licensing gains applied to sort of timing for when those might get recognized?
I know there's a lot there. But lots of questions on just the moving pieces
there tonight.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I can take that. License gain
essentially does not impact gross margin. That sits on a separate line
altogether on the licensing gain line in the P&L. So the gross margin is
not impacted by that. As far as IP revenue is concerned in Q1, there's no
contemplated IP revenue, so the gross margin at 41% guide is based on the
products that we have. And for the year, at this point, outside of the THATIC
JV IP licensing gain that we are expecting or recording in Q1, while there
might be opportunities from an IP standpoint, but nothing substantial contemplated
at this point.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vivek Arya from
Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, I'm curious as you look back at 2019 and the success you had with EPYC --
the initial success with EPYC. What was the mix of cloud versus enterprise? And
then how do you think it trends in 2019 because of all the concerns around
slowdown in cloud CapEx and so forth? And as part of that, if you could share
with us what your market share assumptions are as we exit the year on EPYC.

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Vivek. As we look through 2018, we
were pretty pleased with our progress on EPYC, and coming off of the fourth
quarter, actually, it was a fairly strong fourth quarter for us and the fact
that we doubled the number of units for our server business. And when you look
at that mix, it is more cloud-weighted. So we had some large deployments that
went online here in the fourth quarter, and that was positive for us. That
being said though, we're making nice progress in the Enterprise and HPC side of
the business too. We've had a number of wins in the quarter as well as going
into 2019. So as we look into 2019, I would expect that the early Rome
deployments will also be cloud-based. We'll be the first ones, but we have a
strong set of enterprise platforms, and as I mentioned earlier, it's the
breadth of the OEM platforms that gives us good confidence that we're going to
a broader set of workloads and having broader coverage in the market. In terms
of share assumptions, we'll have to see how the market and the year play out,
but I think what we've said before is that, after reaching the mid-single digit
market share in the fourth quarter 2018, we would expect it would take another
4 to 6 quarters to reach 10% market share. And I think we're still in that
range.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And for my follow-up, there were 2
things that came out on your competitors' last few public discussions, which
is, one, this concept of CPU shortages, and I'm wondering if that has had any
positive or negative effect on your strategy or positioning. And then Intel has
also mentioned being a little more tactical when it comes to pricing, and I'm
wondering how that figures into your full year outlook? So both the impact of
CPU shortages and pricing, any color would be very helpful.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Vivek. So look, on the CPU shortages, my
comment is that there are some pockets of shortage, particularly at the low
end. However, our focus has really been on ramping Ryzen. And if you look at
the Ryzen percentage of our overall business, Ryzen, Devinder mentioned, was
80% of our client business. So we are really actually improving our mix in the
client business. I think that, again, from my view, the shortages are
temporary. But we look at it as really getting consistent share gain. And as
we've gone through each quarter in 2018, we've seen consistent share gain, and
we believe we gained share in the fourth quarter as well. So I think we're well
positioned with the portfolio, and we'll certainly drive that into 2019. And
then, the other?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Pricing.

LISA T. SU: Oh, pricing, yes. Relative to pricing, look,
when we think about pricing and when we put together our long-term model, we
have factored in that pricing and competition will be aggressive. I think we
know that to be the case. What we've seen in the market is consistent with
that, but we also believe that particularly as you go into the data center, the
single largest factor from a buying decision standpoint is the performance and
the total cost of ownership of the product, and we believe that Rome will be
very, very well positioned in 2019. And so we are cognizant of the competitive
environment but feel good that we have the right set of assumptions.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Great to hit that mid-single digit milestone exiting
the year. Lisa, as you start -- I just wanted to confirm, you expect to ship --
start shipping Rome midyear. And as you do, what's the biggest risk for Rome?
Is it execution on delivering the product? Or is it the sales the process,
convincing customers to take EPYC 2 in volume?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so I think the -- with Rome, our biggest
opportunity/risk is adoption rate. I think, from a competitive standpoint, the
product is very solid. Everything going through our development labs looks very
good as well as our customer engagement. And so this is just about getting
customers to production as fast as possible. We do expect though that the
adoption rate for Rome will be faster than the adoption rate for Naples. And
the reason for that is we are in a socket-compatible infrastructure. And so
customers who don't necessarily need the newest features of the platform can
actually use the same motherboard and system that they currently have with
Naples and drop in Rome. And so I think that will help us accelerate some of
the adoption, but right now, it's about helping customers in their environment.
We are widely sampling Rome, and there is a lot of work to be done. But we feel
good about the trajectory.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: Great. And a follow-up, if I may, for
Devinder. So inventories, it looks like they were up about $100 million, going
into a pretty healthy seasonal quarter that's declining. What should -- how
should we read that, Devinder? And was there just some opportunity to get some
wafers more cheaply? Or is there -- are you trying to stockpile product in
front of launches, or -- and when can we expect the inventory to be a source of
cash on the cash flow statement?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, Matt (sic) [Mark]. So the inventory
growth is primarily driven by our new products and in preparation for our
7-nanometer next-generation product launches later this year, as you just
mentioned. We overall expect to manage the inventory in line with revenue but
also in support of the new products that will be launching and ramping
throughout the year. Lisa mentioned a few of the launches at CES and also in
the script, and we prepared to support that from an inventory standpoint. And
we'll see how the year progresses and then manage it from there.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Mark. Next question please,
operator?

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Around the Q1 guide, obviously, you
mentioned the GPU weakness, but you also mentioned seasonality across the
businesses. Is my assumption correct that, that means everything is basically
down sequentially, CPUs, GPUs, servers? Can you tell us, is that true? And if
so, can you give us an idea of the magnitude, like at least what is down, I
guess, most versus least, sequentially, Ryzen versus GPU versus EPYC?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Stacy. So the largest driver, as I've
said, is the GPU channel situation on a year-over-year basis. On a sequential
basis, typical seasonality for, let's call it, PCs and GPUs and data center is
probably around 10% or so. We are forecasting -- or we believe that that will
be a little bit -- down a little bit more than that. And in terms of the
ranking, I would say GPUs are down a bit more than the other 2 segments. That's
the way we currently see it.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. And for my follow-up, I had a
question just on, general, EESC. So its revenues are flat year-over-year. The
server revenues are up a bunch and it's still losing money. And I get it,
there's some incremental investments and everything, but I guess, how do we
think about the profitability of that segment? How big does EPYC or Rome with
the server business need be to get before it's sustainably profitable,
especially as semi-custom is going to continue to decline, you said, 20% in 2019?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I think the key, Stacy, is going to be
ramping the server business in 2019. You are right that year-over-year we look
at it, it's lost little bit of money. But fundamentally, it's investing in the
go-to-market programs and launching the new products, investing in the ongoing
engineering work that's needed to make sure the customers bring out the product
on time. And semi-custom, given the fact that it's in the seventh year of the
cycle, we expect it to be down from 2018 to 2019. But we do expect to go ahead
and ramp our server business, and that will definitely benefit the EESC
profitability in 2019.

STACY AARON RASGON: Do you think it's profitable for the
full year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Too early to tell. I won't -- I don't want
to predict profitability at the segment level, but we'll see how it evolves
over the year.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ross
Seymore from Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, a potentially different way to ask the same question on the full year
2019 guide. Late last year, at a few different events, you talked about the
server business being second-half-weighted. If I go through the remainder of
this year, it seems like you have to grow the better part of 20% plus
sequentially in each quarter to get there. I know it's not going to be
perfectly linear like that. But I guess, my overall question is, if the server
side of the business is back-half-weighted, what sorts of businesses are
helping the middle portion of the year? Is there some snapback on the GPU side?
Is there something going on in the Ryzen side? Just trying to get somewhat of
the shape of the year off of a base that's admittedly pretty low as your first
quarter starting point.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Ross. So yes, I think it is fair to say
that our quarterly progression will have a lot to do with our product launches.
So you would expect that server will be more second-half-weighted than the
first half. In general, our business is more second-half-weighted, though, if
you think about the consumer portions of our business. But think about it as we
would expect sequential growth in PCs. We would certainly expect sequential
growth in data center, although stronger in the second half. We would -- we're
also -- as we see the GPU business right now, we see the first quarter as the
low point in the business, with the channels getting -- improving as we go into
the second quarter. And we have additional product launches there as well. So
that's the way we would see the portfolio. And semi-custom, although it's lower
on a year-over-year basis, we would expect it to also increase as we go from
second quarter into third quarter as well.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: Perfect. And a question on the GPU side,
your big competitor in that market obviously is having some current issues and
mentioned that the new product at the high end wasn't selling through. Are you
at all concerned that the competitive landscape in that market, whether it's
because China demand being weaker, as they cited, or them having to be a little
bit more aggressive on pricing would do anything to your ability to penetrate
the market with either existing or new GPU products as the year progresses?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so, look, when we look at the GPU market, and
let's separate sort of gaming and data center, I think, on the gaming side,
from what we are seeing, we did see sellout increase in Q4 versus Q3. So gamers
are still buying GPUs. They may be more discerning about price points, and so I
can imagine that there might be a bit more softness at the high end versus in
the mid-range. But we believe that we have a good understanding of what's
happening in the gaming side of the business. And it will be driven -- our
gaming growth will be driven by new products. And we would see that as we go
through this year with our Radeon VII launch as well as our Navi launches on
the gaming side. On the data center side, we're making good progress in GPU
data center, obviously from a low base, but the GPUs in the data center are
very workload-dependent. There are some workloads that actually we do very well
in things like cloud gaming and virtualization, and we have some early HPC
wins. And so we see this as sort of customer acquisition redeployment. And so
those are the sources of growth on the PC side for us.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Aaron
Rakers from Wells Fargo.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS, MD OF IT HARDWARE & NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Just 2 questions, if I can, building on that last one. In your prepared
remarks, you noted that you've reached the milestone of which GPUs as well as
data center CPUs reached a mid-teens percentage of your total revenue. I'm
curious as you kind of contemplated your full year guidance, where do you think
that mix of business can go? And is there a point in time where we actually --
you foresee us kind of getting granularity on how big the data center GPU
business is trending?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Aaron. So I think the mid-teens percentage
revenue for us in Q4 was -- was a good milestone. I mean, I think that's a
meaningful percentage of our revenue. And it was a contributor to our gross
margin as we exited 2018. I think, as we go into 2019, again, we will continue to
give you visibility into where the data center growth is. To be fair, my
expectation is that the CPU side of the data center business will grow faster
than the GPU side, just given what we see in terms of overall deployments. But
I think both businesses will be meaningful for us and our key part of the
growth story for us in 2019, and we'll continue to give color on how they
develop as the year develops.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: Okay, that's very helpful. And
just real quickly on the semi-custom side. As you kind of contemplated the
guidance as well through the course this year and that 20% decline for the full
year, is your assumption that Q1 kind of marks the bottom and we can grow
seasonally off of that level? Or should we think about something differently
from a progression through the quarters in '19?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Aaron, yes, that's the correct way to think
about it. So Q1 will be a low, Q2 will be higher, Q3 will be higher, and then
Q4 will come down again. That should be the seasonality of semi-custom.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa,
notwithstanding that the macro is extremely uncertain, making any predictions
difficult. I'm just kind of curious, going back to Ross' question, how do you
see sort of the cadence of growth sequentially throughout the year? Because as
he pointed out, if you kind of divided it up equally by quarter, you're growing
north of 20% in Q2, Q3, Q4, half-on-half growth, it would be somewhere around
50%. If you assume more seasonal, and seasonal is a little bit difficult to get
to because of the change of accounting, I think you can get half-on-half growth
as high as 75%. So as you think about the full year growth, is this something
that's more like 50% half-on-half or 75% half-on-half?

LISA T. SU: Yes, thanks for the question, John. It might be
a little bit early for us to go there. But what I would say is the following.
When we look at the year-on-year compares from 2019 to 2018, Q2 2018 was still
a very strong quarter for us because we still had a significant amount of
blockchain sales in Q2 2018. So I expect that we will grow sequentially into
Q2, but I think that will still be, let's call it, a tougher year-on-year
compare. But then when we get into the second half of the year, we expect to be
fully ramped on the entire 7-nanometer portfolio. And so we would see a heavier
weighting in the second half. So we see sequential growth into second quarter
but more heavily weighted into the second half.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: That's really helpful. And then,
Devinder, on the profitability front, if you kind of run the numbers from Q1
guidance to kind of what you need to be exiting Q4 at to hit the full year
number, you could see revenue up well over $1 billion, Q1 to Q4. I'm a little
bit surprised that despite that, the gross margin guidance isn't a little bit
better. I know you guided the full year to greater than 41% with Q1 at 41%, but
I'm kind of curious, if you look at a Q4 run rate that's north of $1 billion
higher than the Q1 run rate, how should we think about gross margin and
operating margin exiting the year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think, John, if you look back the last
many quarters, I think 7 quarters year-on-year, we've improved gross margin on
the strength of the newer products. We ended the year quite well in 2018 and
achieved gross margin in the fourth quarter that was nice. And now we start the
year with 41%, and as we start the year, it's early guiding greater than 41%. I
think you should expect that as the products ramp, in particular with the
7-nanometer product that Lisa referenced, our margins will continue to improve,
and we'll see where we end up at by the end of the year. But we do expect that,
year-on-year, margin goes up from where we ended in 2018 at 39% and greater
than 41% for 2019.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mitch Steves from
RBC Capital Markets.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I have 2, quickly. First, on the C&G side, I realized
that there's going to be a lot of kind of sequential difficulties there, but
when I think about the long-term growth rate, I know you guys have kind of
talked to kind of high singles to double-digit growth. Is that still
essentially where you think that business can grow at long term? And then
secondly, in terms of the next EPYC 2, is there any reason why it would
underperform an Intel 10-nanometer in a testing environment? And if so, why
would that be?

LISA T. SU: Let me take the second question, and then maybe,
Devinder, you can take the first question. So as it relates to our Rome
product, when Rome was originally planned, we had planned that it would be
competing against a 10-nanometer product. So that was the -- that was our
expectation when we started. I think we've shown some of the generational
performance advantages in terms of double the performance on a socket basis, 4x
performance on a floating-point basis. And the other thing I would say is that,
with our second-generation Rome, the customer set is now more used to our
architecture, and so some of the architectural and software improvements that
we've also spent quite a bit of time on over the last 4 to 6 quarters are
coming into play. So I think we feel very good about the competitive
positioning of Rome. And the other thing to keep in mind is we are deep in
development of our next-generation beyond Rome. So the Zen 3 product portfolio
is deep in development as well. So that's -- our goal is to ensure that we have
a consistent cadence of very competitive products.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, and then as far as your question on the
segment growth is concerned, relative to high-single-digits growth on a company
level, in both of the segments, there are some factors that come into play. In
Computing and Graphics, obviously, we feel good about the data center side of
GPU. But on a compare basis, when you look at 2018 to 2019, we do have the
impact of the blockchain and some memory sales from 2018 that don't happen in
2019 from a standpoint of where the market is. And then on the EESC side,
semi-custom being down obviously is a factor when you compare year-on-year per
segment. But good growth on the data center piece of it, in particular, but
with the 7-nanometer Rome product launching in the back half -- I mean, ramping
in the back half of 2019. And that's the way you kind of look at it. It is
still early in the year from an overall standpoint. And where we ended up in
2018, we're projecting high single-digit growth at the company level for 2019
over 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis
from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I just want to ask here, you laid
it out a little bit, but in terms of EPYC 2, same socket, but -- and you have
sampled it early. But in terms of getting over the finish line and getting
these shipped, I guess, the customer still has to wait for production silicon.
And then -- and typically, people talk about 6 to 12 months so they can kind of
test it and make sure it does everything with the production silicon. So can
you just walk us through the timeline because, obviously, you're baking in a
pretty steep ramp in the second half?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so we started sampling EPYC actually last
year, so the second half of last year, to some of the top cloud vendors as well
as our OEM partners. We've had a significant amount of development with our ODM
partners as well. So I think there is a good amount of overlap between the
customer development cycle and our development cycle. Now as you said,
production silicon is very key, and ensuring that the final specifications are
locked in is work that we still have to do here in the first half of this year.
But I think we feel good about it. We feel good about the platforms, the
customer engagements, the current progress of development and so that is very
much our plan from an execution standpoint.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: I just want to ask on the GPU side. It
looks like your ASP was up substantially with the data center. I was just kind
of curious, as you think about the mix of data center, do you think -- how do
you think about the trajectory of that business? I mean, is it -- is that
portion lumpy as well? Or is this kind of the go-forward kind of level after
that pretty sharp initial shipment in December?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so on the data center side, we do expect
that the data center GPU business will be a growth driver for us in 2019. It
will be a little bit lumpy so I wouldn't say it's a straight line. But I would
say, on a year-over-year basis, it's a important growth driver for us. And as
it relates to the overall data center GPU ASPs affecting overall ASPs, I think
that's true because the gaming ASPs are -- I'm sorry, the gaming business was
lower than expected given the channel inventory situation. So I think it's also
just weighted in terms of the units.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Blayne. Operator, we have time
for 2 more questions, please.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: It seems like the GPU data center business is doing pretty
well. Can you give us some color, if you look at mid-teens exposure overall
between the 2 data center businesses, CPU and GPU, can you give us some
qualitative sense for how much of that is GPU at this point and what are the
main applications? Is it mostly virtualization? What other applications are you
seeing there?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Joe. So for the mid-teens percentage of
revenue in Q4, between CPU and GPU, it's actually roughly similar. And then in
terms of the workloads, the GPU data center side, we do very well in cloud
gaming, we do very well with our virtualization solutions, and we have some
early traction in HPC.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: Great. That's helpful. And I guess,
just in terms of the business segmentation, I think you alluded to this
earlier, but it seems like the conversation typically is around microprocessor,
graphics and semi-custom as sort of 3 different opportunities. Have you thought
about moving the segmentation to more align with that? And I realize that's
easy to talk about and hard to implement, but what's your thought in terms of,
over time, sort of migrating that more in line with the way you guys talk about
the business?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so we look at the business in all different
cuts. As you can imagine, we look at it by segment, our CG and EESC. CG is very
much a PC-driven segment and EESC with enterprise and semi-custom. And we are
also, based on some of the feedback, trying to be a little bit more granular in
terms of how the various businesses fall underneath that. So I think as the
data center business becomes a larger piece of our business, we'll continue to
look for how do we get -- give you guys more color and more transparency in how
that is doing.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vijay Rakesh from
Mizuho.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH, MD OF AMERICAS RESEARCH & SENIOR
SEMICONDUCTOR ANALYST, MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just in
terms of the GPU gaming side, you mentioned higher inventory levels. I was
wondering if you can give us some number on where normal inventory GPU levels
are and where are they running currently.

LISA T. SU: Yes, so when we look at the GPU channel
inventory, we do believe our channel partners reduced inventory in Q4, and they
will reduce inventories in Q1. We still think that Q1 levels are elevated, and
there will be some spillover into Q2 where we will see some elevated inventory
levels. We'll have to see how the sell-through really plays out. But my
expectation is that, in Q2, we'll have sort of improved channel inventory
levels and we will return to a sequential growth in the gaming side of our
business.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH: Got it. And on the 7-nanometer side,
is the 7-nanometer GPU and CPU, as those ramp in the back half, are they
accretive to this 41% gross margin levels?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so the 7-nanometer GPUs on the data center
side started ramping in Q4 so that was part of the data center GPU revenue that
we talked about. The 7-nanometer CPU will ramp middle of the year, and the
7-nanometer CPU and GPU are both above corporate average margins so you would
expect that they're above the 41 points and would be sort of accretive to
margin as that mix improves.

OPERATOR: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I'd like to turn the floor back to over to management for any further
or closing comments.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you very much, operator. We
appreciate everyone joining us here today. We're quite proud of the
accomplishment in 2018 and look forward to seeing you all on the road in 2019.
Have a great afternoon.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a
wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012919a12277090.790










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (91%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW
ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%);
EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); GLOBALIZATION (89%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (79%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (92%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

COWEN GROUP INC (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

JEFFERIES LLC (70%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%);

MIZUHO SECURITIES CO LTD (55%);

YOUR SPACE PLC (52%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); GS (NYSE) (92%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%);
DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB
(NYSE) (83%); MS (NYSE) (58%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (97%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (92%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (92%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(92%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (92%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (92%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(92%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES,
NEC (92%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY
ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE
MANAGEMENT & GENERAL MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES (56%); NAICS531130
LESSORS OF MINIWAREHOUSES & SELF-STORAGE UNITS (52%); NAICS531120 LESSORS
OF NONRESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS (EXCEPT MINIWAREHOUSES) (52%); BANKING &
FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); SECURITIES BROKERS (91%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(90%); MANAGEMENT CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); REAL ESTATE (90%); SELF
STORAGE (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); NETWORKING EQUIPMENT
(78%); CONSULTING SERVICES (76%); INTERNET & WWW (75%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (75%); TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT (73%); WEBSITES (67%)










 LISA SU (93%)










 February 1, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
24, 2018 Wednesday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 8343 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Aaron Christopher Rakers

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD of IT
Hardware & Networking Equipment and Senior Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* Harlan Sur

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Mitchell Toshiro Steves

RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division - Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the AMD Third Quarter
2018 Financial Results Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder,
this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Laura Graves.
Please go ahead, Laura.

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, and, yes, welcome to AMD's Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call.
By now, you should have had an opportunity to review a copy of our earnings
release and slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found
on the Investor Relations page of AMD's website, 

.

Participants on today's conference call are: Dr. Lisa Su,
our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on our website.

I would like to highlight some important dates for you.
AMD's next Horizon event is scheduled for Tuesday, November 6, 2018, where we
will discuss innovation of AMD's products and technology specifically designed
for the data center on industry-leading 7-nanometer process technology. Dr.
Lisa Su, President and Chief Executive Officer will present at the Crédit
Suisse 22nd Annual Technology, Media and Teleconference on Tuesday, November
27; and our 2018 fourth quarter quiet time will begin at the close of business
on Friday, December 14.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our expectations.

We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial measures
during this call except for revenue, gross margin and segment operational
results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced
today are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure
in today's press release posted on our website. Please refer to the cautionary
statements in our press release for more information. You will also find
detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and, in
particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
2018.

Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. We executed well on the third quarter. We continued to
build momentum for our new products as strong sales of our Ryzen and EPYC
processors offset soft GPU channel sales and drove our fifth consecutive
quarter of year-on-year revenue growth, increased profitability and margin
expansion. Third quarter revenue was $1.65 billion, an increase of 4% from a
year ago.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, third quarter
CG segment revenue increased 12% year-on-year, driven by significant growth in
both client processor and OEM GPU sales that offset a larger-than-expected
decline in channel GPU sales. Ryzen processor sales increased to more than 70%
of our total client revenue in the quarter. We delivered our highest processor
unit shipments in nearly 4 years and believe we gained desktop and notebook
client processor unit share in the quarter, driven by growth with both OEMs and
in the channel.

In desktop, we had strong demand for our higher-end Ryzen 7,
Ryzen 5 and Ryzen Threadripper processors, helping to drive a double-digit
percentage year-over-year and sequential improvement in client processor ASP.
We expanded our desktop offerings in the quarter, bringing our Zen processor
core and Vega graphics to the entry-level part of the market with the Athlon
APU and launching our flagship 32-core Threadripper 2 processor. With these new
introductions, we now have a top to bottom lineup of client processors based on
our high-performance Zen architecture.

In notebooks, Ryzen Mobile processor unit shipments doubled
sequentially for the second straight quarter as OEMs ramped production of their
latest AMD-based notebooks. 54 of the 60 Ryzen processor-based notebooks
planned for 2008 (sic) [2018] have launched, with the final notebooks expected
to go on sale this quarter. Based on the success of first-generation Ryzen
Mobile notebooks, the expanded breadth of our customer engagements and our
design win momentum, we are on track for an even larger assortment of
AMD-powered notebooks in 2019.

In graphics, the year-over-year revenue decrease was
primarily driven by significantly lower channel GPU sales, partially offset by
improved OEM and data center GPU sales. Channel GPU sales came in lower than
expected based on excess channel inventory levels caused by the decline in
blockchain-related demand that was so strong earlier in the year. OEM GPU sales
in the third quarter increased by a strong double-digit percentage
year-over-year as new design wins began to ramp, including first shipments of
our mobile Vega GPUs to support new premium notebooks launching this quarter.

In professional graphics, revenue increased by a
double-digit percentage from a year ago, driven by data center GPU sales as we
continued to gain traction in this important part of the market. We launched
the Radeon Pro WX 8200 GPU for workstations in the quarter, delivering the
world's best workstation graphics performance under $1,000 on real-time
visualization, VR and photorealistic editing workloads. We remain on track to
launch the industry's first 7-nanometer data center GPU this quarter. Customer
interest in the product is strong based on its performance and differentiated
feature set, and we have already secured multiple data center wins with
shipments expected to begin in the fourth quarter. We continued to increase
investments in GPU hardware and software to deliver industry-leading products that
we believe will drive growth in the gaming, professional and data center
markets.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Third quarter revenue decreased 5% year-on-year primarily based on semi-custom
sales declining, as expected, as current generation consoles entered their
sixth year.

In server, we delivered our third straight quarter of strong
double-digit percentage sequential revenue and unit shipment growth. We are
seeing the largest demand for our top of the stack 24- and 32-core EPYC
processors, which combine industry-leading core count and I/O to deliver
performance advantages across cloud, virtualization and HPC workloads. We
continued to accelerate engagements with our cloud service providers,
highlighted by yesterday's announcement that Oracle launched new AMD-powered
emphasis that offer significant TCO and performance advantages on
general-purpose cloud workloads and Oracle applications. We expect additional
Tier 1 cloud service providers to announce availability of new EPYC processor
deployment this quarter. We secured multiple new customer wins on the HPC
front, including Microsoft's announcement they would offer an EPYC
processor-based supercomputing instance, and that Haas Racing has chosen Cray
to build an EPYC-powered supercomputer to improve their computational fluid
dynamics modeling for future cars.

Turning to enterprise adoption. We continue to build a
strong pipeline and accelerate the ongoing ramps of EPYC-based offerings from
the major OEMs, including Cisco, Dell and HP Enterprise. In the third quarter,
we added dozens of new end customers across oil and gas, health care,
aerospace, banking and other industries based on the superior performance of
EPYC processors in both data analytics and general-purpose virtualized
workloads. We began sampling our next-generation Rome server chip broadly
across our customer base in the third quarter, and the feedback on this
leadership product is very strong. As a result, cloud and OEM customers are
engaging earlier, deeper and more collaboratively with us on both Rome and our
long-term data center road map. We remain on track to exit the year with
mid-single-digit server unit market share based on cloud customer adoption. And
based on our strong competitive position and broad customer engagements, we
believe we can achieve double-digit server unit share with Rome.

In closing, 2018 remains an inflection point for AMD as we
expect to exit the year with well over 50% of our revenue coming from new
products, driving significant margin expansion. The foundational changes we
have made across the business to strengthen our execution, and the investments
we have made to deliver a leadership Computing and Graphics road map are paying
off. Our current generations of high-performance CPUs and GPUs are doing very
well in market, putting us on track to increase profitability, grow revenue and
expand margin for the second straight year. We see significant opportunities to
build on this momentum as we transition to our next generations of high-performance
products and launch the industry's first 7-nanometer x86 CPUs and discrete GPUs
over the coming quarters. Demand for our high-performance computing offerings
remains strong, and our product portfolio and competitive positioning are
getting stronger. We remain focused on executing our strategy and delivering
our leadership product road map.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Devinder to
provide some additional color on our third quarter financial performance.
Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was a good
quarter for AMD as revenue, operating margin and earnings per share grew
year-over-year. Gross margin was 40%, highlighted by the continuing ramp of our
new Ryzen and EPYC products. We strengthened the balance sheet, reduced
long-term debt by $97 million and further improved our gross leverage.
Quarterly revenue of $1.65 billion was up 4% year-over-year, driven by higher
Computing and Graphics segment revenue with higher client revenue more than
offsetting global graphics revenue; third quarter revenue including IP-related
revenue, of which $86 million was related to our THATIC joint venture.

Gross margin was 40%, up 390 basis points year-over-year,
primarily driven by the ramp of new products, including Ryzen and EPYC
processors. On a sequential basis, gross margin was up 280 basis points
primarily driven by IP-related revenue and the ramp of new products. Excluding
IP-related revenue and memory and inventory-related adjustments, third quarter
gross margin would have been 2 percentage points lower. Operating expenses grew
12% year-over-year to $476 million, driven by R&D investments in our
product road maps and incremental go-to-market investments. Operating income
grew to $186 million from $148 million a year ago. Operating margin was 11%,
and both business segments recorded double-digit operating margin percentage.
Net income was $150 million compared to $100 million a year ago. Non-GAAP
diluted earnings per share, using a diluted share count of 1,177,000,000, was
$0.13 compared to $0.09 per share a year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $938 million, up 12% year-over-year. Revenue
growth was driven primarily by strong Ryzen product sales as we expanded our
client compute offerings in the quarter. Ryzen products accounted for more than
70% of client revenue, up from approximately 60% last quarter as we saw
strength in both desktop and notebook offerings across OEM and channel
partners. In graphics, channel GPU sales were down year-over-year, partially
offset by strong Radeon data center and OEM GPU demand. For comparative
purposes, third quarter 2017 blockchain-related GPU sales were approximately
high single-digit percent of overall AMD revenue, while blockchain revenue in
the third quarter of this year was negligible. Computing and Graphics segment
operating income was $100 million or 11% of segment revenues compared to
operating income of $73 million a year ago. The increase was primarily driven
by a richer client product mix and IP-related revenue, partially offset by
lower graphics revenue.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $715
million, down 5% year-over-year. The year-over-year revenue decrease was driven
primarily by lower semi-custom product and IP-related revenue, partially offset
by higher server sales. For the third quarter in a row, EPYC processor units
and revenue grew by strong double-digit percentages quarter-over-quarter. EESC
operating income was $86 million or 12% of segment revenue. This is up from
operating income of $74 million a year ago primarily due to a richer server and
semi-custom product mix.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.06 billion at the end of the quarter, and we
generated free cash flow of $62 million. Inventory was down sequentially from
$750 million to $738 million. Total principal debt was $1.6 billion as we
reduced our long-term debt by $97 million in the quarter. Term debt due in
March 2019 is down to $66 million, and beyond that, there are no term debt
maturities until 2022. Adjusted EBITDA was $227 million compared to $184
million a year ago, and on a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted EBITDA was $709
million, resulting in gross debt leverage of 2.2x.

Now turning to our financial outlook. For the fourth quarter
2018, AMD expects revenue to be approximately $1.45 billion, plus or minus $50
million. This would be an increase of approximately 8% year-over-year driven by
sales growth of Ryzen, EPYC and data center GPU products. For comparative
purposes, Q4 2017 revenue was $1.34 billion adjusted for the ASC 606 revenue
accounting standard and included blockchain-related GPU sales of approximately
low double-digit percent of overall AMD revenue. Sequentially, the midpoint of
fourth quarter revenue outlook would be a decrease of approximately 12%, driven
primarily by lower semi-custom sales. In addition, for Q4 2018, we expect
non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 41%, up from 34% in the prior year
driven by the ramp of Ryzen, EPYC and data center GPU processor sales; non-GAAP
operating expenses to be approximately $465 million; non-GAAP interest expense,
taxes and other to be approximately $30 million; and free cash flow to be
positive. For the full year 2018, we continue to expect annual revenue growth
of mid-20s percent and to be free cash flow positive, and we now expect
non-GAAP gross margin in excess of 38%.

In closing, the third quarter was a good quarter as we
continue to ramp our new products. This momentum is driving improvement in our
financial results against a backdrop of expanding customer demand as we prepare
to ship and launch our first 7-nanometer GPU products before the end of the
year. We are executing on our strategy and investment and financial priorities
as we continue making excellent progress towards our long-term target financial
model.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready
for our first question.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First question, if I may, Lisa, as you look into the
fourth quarter and maybe discuss also the third quarter, can you just review
the important puts and takes on the revenues, on the microprocessor and GPU
side separately? And I know you don't like to discuss the competition, but I
think there are some unique things going on in the competitive environment. I
think there's a view that Intel is capacity-constrained in -- with NVIDIA's new
product launches, how is that impacting how we should be thinking about the
revenues?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Mark, thanks for the question. So let me
take those in order here. So if we just look at the third quarter revenue, I
would say that we did see a shift in our revenue mix as we went through the
third quarter. Looking at the individual product lines, we had expected that
the client business would be strong as we were ramping quite a few new notebook
OEM systems as well as we have strong desktop product portfolio. And we saw the
client business was strong. It was actually up probably a bit stronger than we
expected. The server business also performed quite well. In the graphics
business, we had our OEM and data center compute business performing well, but
we did see the softness in the channel that was larger than we expected, and
that was due to some of the channel inventory comments that I made earlier.

Now as you shift into the fourth quarter, I think what we
see is that our fourth quarter revenue mix really mixes towards the new
products. And so what you see in the product lines are -- you'd see the client
business continue to grow, and client is usually seasonally down into the
fourth quarter. So we're doing better than seasonality with the client
business. We expect the server business to grow as well as we get more traction
with our EPYC products, especially in the cloud. And then we would expect, with
our graphics business, that, that will also grow sequentially primarily on the
strength of new products around our data center GPUs and the semi-custom
business actually will decline sequentially. Semi-custom business always
declines in fourth quarter. I would say this fourth quarter is a bit more
pronounced. It gets a bit more pronounced as we get later in the cycle as well
as the fact that the 606 accounting regulations tended to pull some of the
revenue earlier in the year. But hopefully, that gives you a view of sort of
the puts and takes around revenue.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: That's very helpful, and if I follow up
if I may. I think I heard Devinder say that you're expecting to ship EPYC 2
before the end of this year. And if I think back to a dozen years ago when you
had the second-generation server product, that kind of signaled an opportunity
for an inflection in the revenues. How should we think about EPYC 2 as we go
into early next year? And what does EPYC 2 bring to your customers that EPYC
did not?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Mark, maybe just a correction. So I
think Devinder's comment was that our 7-nanometer GPU would ship here in the
fourth quarter, and we're on track to launch that here shortly. The
second-generation of EPYC, our 7-nanometer CPU, will ship in 2019. We are
broadly sampling it now. I think from what we see, the performance is very
competitive. And also, many of our customers have had a chance to really spend
time with the first generation of EPYC, get to learn our architecture and do
much of the platform bring-up. So we're excited about what the second
generation of EPYC can do for us. We're -- and we're going to talk a little bit
more about that in a couple weeks at our data center event, but we believe that
our competitive position gets stronger as we get into 2019.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, can you give us the puts and takes --
or Devinder or both, on the gross margin dynamic in Q3? And also, in Q4? Is
there an IP component in Q4? And I have a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Sure. Let me -- maybe let me start and then
Devinder can add. So on the gross margin for the third quarter, I think we were
up 4% year-on-year. We did have an IP component in this year as we had an IP
component in the third quarter of last year. The majority of the improvement
though was due to the positive product mix, sort of the client and server
business really growing year-on-year and with that, improving the product mix.
As we go into the fourth quarter, there is no IP-related revenue that's planned
right now. So with the guide at 41% margin, we really are at the -- let's call
it, the low end of our long-term guidance. And again, that's on the strength of
the product mix. It's a very positive product mix for us. The processor
business, as we've always said, the new products are accretive to margin. And
so the client business is expected to grow. The server business is expected to
grow. The data center GPUs are expected to grow. And then there is a portion of
that, that is the semi-custom business declining sequentially, but I would say
that's the smaller portion. It's really the positive product mix that's going
into the Q4 guide. And maybe, Devinder, is there anything you wanted to add?

DEVINDER KUMAR: No, I think you covered it, Lisa. Thank you.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN: Great. And then a follow-up. If you
don't mind as a follow-up. As we look into early 2019, what can we expect in
terms of seasonality for the semi-custom part of the business and on the PC
side just because there are some constraints out there that -- from Intel and
so on?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So look, if you -- Hans, our typical
seasonality is the second half of the year is stronger than the first half of
the year. As we go into 2019, you would expect that the semi-custom business
will be down relative to this year and then you would expect that we're still
going to need a bit of time to work through some of this graphics channel
inventory that we have. But on the positive side, we do see strength in our
processor business in both the client and the server side. As it relates to the
current supply environment, we did see some pockets of constraints in the
supply chain around PCs. We saw that towards the end of the third quarter. We
are increasing our production such that we can satisfy some of that demand. And
I think that's a short-term statement, but I think on a midterm statement, it's
an environment where we're partnering very closely with our OEMs to make sure
their requirements are met.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from
Cowen and Company.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I wanted to follow up a little bit
on the last, I guess, couple of sentences in your prior answer there. There's a
lot of things moving in the model near term, but as we think about how you're
positioning the company in the client business over the next, I don't know, 24
months or so, with some supply constraints at Intel and some changes in their
marketing support for OEMs for some of those programs and their spending, how
do you think about how you're positioned with the key top 5 or 6 OEMs in terms
of both PC and, I guess, desktop and notebook over the next 24 months? And sort
of what are the puts and takes of how much you're really willing to lean into
that business in order to gain unit share?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Matt, thanks for the question. So on the PC
business particularly around client processors, I am bullish on that business.
It's a good business for us. Our products are very well positioned when you
look at both the desktop and notebook segment. It was important for us to get
these new platforms out into the market, and so we have 54 new notebook
platforms that are out in the market with a few more to go as we enter -- finish
up here the fourth quarter. I think the traction that we see in terms of unit
shipments, the metric around Ryzen being 70% of our client business -- over
70%, and we expect that to continue to accelerate. So we're bullish on the
client business as a good business for us to grow over the next 12 to 24
months.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Got it. That's helpful. And just as a
follow-up, I understand in a couple of weeks, you'll probably be talking a bit
more about the data center GPU portfolio. But I guess there's been a lot of
movement in software ecosystem as you've been working, and the team has, to
develop the MIOpen product in terms of software. Maybe you could give us a
little bit of an update on how you feel that's positioned for Caffe and Tensor,
which, I guess, are the 2 key development environments for AI. And what do you
think the long-term prospects for that business are over the next couple of
years?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So on the data center GPU business, this
will continue to be an area of investment for us. I think we've made very nice
progress this year. I think as we finish up the year, we expected to again make
good progress. We have invested in -- on both the hardware and the software
side. So I think the 7-nanometer GPU starting shipments here in the fourth
quarter is important for us. And on the software side, yes, we will also be
updating the status of our software environment. I think the nice thing is, as
we say, the data center is just an enormous opportunity, whether you're talking
about CPUs or GPUs, and we're engaging deeply with cloud customers who are
spending the time and the resources to optimize to our architecture. So again,
I think it's -- data center tends to take longer from design win to revenue,
but we're starting to see some nice signals there.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Mitch
Steves from RBC Capital Markets.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES, ANALYST, RBC CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I had 2 of them really quick. So first is actually on the
CPU side, the server side. So is there any reason why a 10-nanometer chip
wouldn't be able to outperform your 7-nanometer product given that you've
already been able to do some of the testing on the server side?

LISA T. SU: Maybe I would answer the question this way. When
we look at our 7-nanometer product and its positioning in 2019 across the
server landscape, we feel very good about the positioning. I think it's not
just 7-nanometer. 7-nanometer is important, but we've also made some
significant changes to the architecture as well as how -- sort of the system.
So I think overall, we feel, with the design and process capabilities, that our
7-nanometer products will be quite competitive.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: Got it. And then secondly from me,
in terms of production, I know you guys have kind of given the mid-singles and
kind of double-digit market share opportunity in the server side. So is that
due to capacity constraint at TSMC? Or is that just due to your own estimates
of what type of share you think you can get?

LISA T. SU: Well, we have a great relationship with TSMC. I
think they're very supportive of our road map in 7-nanometer. So it's not due
to any supply constraint. It's just due to the time that we believe that we'll
take for vendors to really qualify new systems.

MITCHELL TOSHIRO STEVES: Got it. Just -- and just one last
really small one from me. The graphics business, the highest blockchain or
cryptocurrency quarter was Q1 of '18. Is that correct?

LISA T. SU: The highest -- it was between Q4 and Q1. They
were pretty close.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vivek Arya from
Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
For the first one, Lisa, can you help us kind of quantify how much of a
headwind was that excess -- the graphics inventory in Q3 and maybe also in Q4
so we can reconcile some of the differences between what you are reporting and
guiding versus some of the consensus expectations out there?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Vivek. So the best thing I can say is
when we look at the CG segment, that's a segment -- we're down about $150
million here in the third quarter. We had expected the segment to be down, but
we probably expected it to be down about $50 million or so. And if you look at
that difference from when we started the quarter, that's entirely the GPU
channel. We had some other puts and takes in there, but it's basically the GPU
channel. As we go into the fourth quarter, we do expect graphics to be up, and
that's primarily on the strength of the data center GPU business, and we're
modeling the channel as, let's call it, roughly flattish. It's seasonally about
flattish, but given some of the inventory in the channel, that's how we're
modeling. Does that help?

VIVEK ARYA: Yes. So basically, you're saying this problem
kind of goes away in Q4 or you're done with it by now. Or can it continue to be
a headwind in Q4?

LISA T. SU: Well, we are expecting that it might take a
couple of quarters to completely get back to, let's call it, a normal channel.
However, it is factored into our Q4 guidance.

VIVEK ARYA: All right. And then the second one, Lisa, is on
the server business. So you outlined the target to get to mid-single digit
exiting this year. Is the next 5% share easier or tougher to get? How do you
think your competitor will respond? And how important is it to ramp your
7-nanometer product next year to get towards that -- to make that jump from the
5% to the next target of 10% share?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I -- the way I look at it, Vivek, is
it's really a continuum. And the continuum is we have a number of customers
that are very actively working with EPYC. I think the first 5% does include
some cloud customers ramping, and that's important. And then as we go beyond
that, we would expect that they're more used to our architecture. Our
architecture is socket-compatible between the first and second generation.
We're sampling it now. And so I think the idea is we would like to see some
acceleration in that as we bring in the 7-nanometer product, but we'll
certainly have to go through that process.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: First, I wanted to ask about graphics
trajectory in the next year. I mean, given my math -- I know you talked about
maybe $100 million light versus your expectation, but my math suggests that
might have fallen as much as $250 million sequentially if you're going to get
it at least to the level that it was last year. Now if I look at what that
trajectory means going further and if I ask you whether or not you thought
graphics revenues to be down 20% year-over-year in 2019, like how would you
feel about that? What's your response to that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Stacy, let me make sure I clarify the first
comment and then I'll certainly answer the comment. My comment was at the
segment level. So at the segment level, I said we were about $100 million
light, and I also said that client performed a little bit better than expected.
So I think you can say that it was probably -- if you -- that should help
quantify sort of Q3. When I look at it going forward, I would not expect that
type of decline on a year-on-year basis. I think what you'll see is some funky
seasonality, right. So the first half of the year was very strong for graphics.
I think the first half of '19 will not be very strong for graphics, but we have
a number of product launches coming up, and we're pretty excited about some of
those product launches. And so I would view that -- we need to work off some of
this channel inventory that's in place and then go back to sort of a more
typical seasonality, which would see the second half stronger than the first.
Does that help?

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay. That does help. For my follow-up,
I want to ask about the data center GPU. So you've been talking a lot about
that. You've actually been calling it out as driving, like, some of the growth
in the current quarter and going forward. How big is that today? I mean, you're
calling it out, but like can you give us an order of magnitude? I mean, is it
more than $20 million in the quarter at this point? Where do you see that going
into Q4? And like what are your expectations as you ramp the 7-nanometer
product in the next year?

LISA T. SU: You always have a way of asking the most
granular questions.

STACY AARON RASGON: I don't think it's that granular.

LISA T. SU: It is more than $20 million. We do see it as a
driver. We do see it as more of a driver as we go into 7-nanometer. And this is
one of those cases where typically, the data center products ramp slowly, but
as you know, the deployments can sometimes be lumpy and there's good traction
on some early design wins. And so we expect it to be a meaningful contribution
in Q4.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. And just one more really
quickly. How do you feel about your $0.75 in 2020? You're still holding to
that?

LISA T. SU: There are no changes to our long-term financial
model at this point.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Yes, not today.

STACY AARON RASGON: Not today, okay.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ross
Seymore from Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
I just want to go back to the IP side of things. You gave some color about the
fact that it's not contributing anything in the fourth quarter, and that's
helpful on the gross margin side. But one other detail, Devinder or Lisa, is I
think the $86 million you talked about, you said that was a portion of the IP
and then you had some other inventory-related changes. Can you just give us a
little bit more color on the size of those different buckets? How big was IP
overall? Anything there would be helpful.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. On the IP, I think as we talked about,
this $86 million is associated with our THATIC joint venture. There were some
other IP, call it, about -- approximately about $35 million in the quarter, and
that is why we talked about it in 2 parts.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: And then as my follow-up. As I'm looking
at the GPU side of things, not to kind of beat the dead horse there too much
more, but the ASP side of that equation or pricing side, is the channel
inventory clearing dynamic something that also manifests itself on pricing
pressure? Or is it just a matter of time to absorb that inventory, which, Lisa,
I think you said, was going to be a flat dynamic in the fourth quarter but it
sounded like it was going to be returning to a headwind in the first half of
next year.

LISA T. SU: Yes -- no. If that's how it sounded, that's not
what I meant. So I would say that the GPU -- let's call it, the weakness in the
GPU channel or primarily in the sell-in is, let's call it, for the -- we might
see that for the next quarter or 2. But as you look through the overall
business, I think -- gamers are still buying GPUs. And so this is really a
matter of just absorbing some of the first half, let's call it, oversupply as
it relates to GPUs and that's translating into a bit weaker sell-in. But we are
still tracking the sellout and the sell-through, through the -- to the end
customers.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: And if I could sneak in one quick one.
Just OpEx intensity, I know you're not going to guide for OpEx for 2019, but
the 26% to 29%, how do we think about where you are in the investment stage
where, whether it's the EPYC or the other new products -- EPYC 2, I should say,
or the other new products where you kind of get over the hump and you don't
need to invest as much? Is that a framework we should think about? Or do you
believe the opportunities are big enough and the competitors are spending
enough that, that OpEx intensity in that range is likely to persist?

LISA T. SU: Well, I think, Ross, if you look on an annual
basis for 2008 (sic) [2018] , we'll be approximately 28% of OpEx to revenue.
And I think what we've said in the past is we will grow OpEx but we will grow
it slower than revenue growth on an annual basis. And that's still our
philosophy.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Great. If you said this, I may have missed it, but can you
talk about how much servers grew sequentially in Q3? I guess you were fairly
specific on that point in Q2. I think you said double digits this quarter. Do you
expect to be sort of -- as you talk about it, mid-single digit next quarter,
are you kind of half way to that target this quarter? Just help us calibrate
where server is.

LISA T. SU: Yes. I think, Joe, it'd be fair to say that we
have strong double digits this quarter and we'd just say we're about half way.
I mean, I think that's reasonable, plus or minus.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: Okay, great. And then with regards to
the 7-nanometer, I know you're going to talk more about this at the product
launch, but can you talk about what 7-nanometer itself gives you? Is it -- do
you expect there to be a higher sort of clock speed on the microprocessors in
the GPUs? Is it a better transistor budget? Is it better cost per transistor?
Just what are -- obviously, there's a lot riding on you guys being early in
both segments on 7. Can you just talk about the benefit to that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. And we will go this -- go through this in a
lot more detail on November 6, but at a high level, I think 7-nanometer gives
us better density. So for a given system, we can put more cores on it. It gives
us better power. So that gives us total cost of ownership, and it does give us
better performance as well.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa,
congratulations on the strong gross margin results. I just wanted some
clarification. The calendar fourth quarter guidance, does that include IP
revenue in the gross margin? And clearly, gross margin is being helped in
December by the growth in new products, but it's probably also being helped by
the sharp falloff in semi-customs. Should we think about kind of the gross
margin level in December as being the new floor off of which you can continue
to grow sequentially even as semi-custom comes back seasonally? Or how do I
think about that? Then I have a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So on the gross margin, you know, that was
Q4 guidance, there is no assumed IP-related revenue. So that's all product. We
do have, as I said earlier, a very positive product mix related to processor
side of the business, so the client, the server as well as the data center
GPUs. We are helped somewhat by the fact that semi-custom is down, but I would
say the much larger piece of that is the product-related growth in new
products.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: So is this the new floor, Lisa? Or is
it too hard to tell?

LISA T. SU: I don't know if I would say it's the new floor.
I would say that we're very pleased that we're at the lower end of our
long-term guidance. And certainly, we'll see what the puts and takes are as we
go from a quarterly standpoint into 2019. But on a full year basis in 2018, I
think Devinder mentioned this in his prepared remarks, we're now over 38%, and
we've really grown margins every quarter over the last number of quarters. And
we're happy with that. I think that's the strength of the model. We've always
said that the strength of the model is improving the product mix, and I think
that's what we see here today.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: And then Lisa, I apologize if I missed
it, but just relative to your Q4 guidance, given some of the capacity issues
that your competitor is having, is there any share gain -- incremental share
gain assumptions based upon shortage of CPUs? Is that something that should be
a tailwind in Q4? Or does that take longer, it might be something we don't see
in sort of calendar first quarter? Any commentary around that would be helpful.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we do see some pockets of shortages. We
are ramping up production. I do believe we see some incremental benefit here in
the fourth quarter, but I don't want to take away from the fact that we have a
strong portfolio and we have a lot of platforms ramping. So the client business
was always going to be up for us in Q4. And are we benefiting a bit from, let's
call it, some of the pockets of shortages? Perhaps.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Aaron
Rakers from Wells Fargo.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS, MD OF IT HARDWARE & NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I
have 2 as well, if I can. I wanted to go into the semi-custom segment, and
we've talked about kind of an elongated or near the end of the life from some
of these gaming platforms. I'm just kind of curious as how you guys think about
that piece of the business as we start to look into 2019? And is there a point
in time where we can start to kind of think about product cycles as driving
reacceleration of growth in that segment?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure. So again, without commenting on any
specific design wins, what I would say is in 2019, we will be in the seventh
year of the game console cycle. And so we do expect it to be down. And if you
look at the cycles, you'll see that it's very consistent with previous cycles.
When we look forward, when I look at what happens beyond 2019, I like our
semi-custom business. I think it's a good business for us. I think it continues
to be a place where we differentiate ourselves because of our ability to
customize for various customers. And I do see it growing again beyond 2019, and
it will continue to be an important part of our business.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: Okay. And then on the channel
inventory dynamic, there's a lot of kind of moving parts right now in the
market. And we've seen, obviously, with the U.S.-China tariff situation,
there's then some questions around demand pull-forward or any kind of element
around the tariff situation that's impacted demand. I'm just curious, have you
seen anything from your customers that have suggested that there's any -- been
any kind of sort of demand pull-forward and any effects on your business as it
relates to U.S.-China especially as we start to look into next year, the
potential for increased tariffs further?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we're monitoring the tariff situation
very closely. There's a lot of activity around that. I would say from what we
see today, we don't see anything material as it relates to the tariffs, whether
it's pull-ins or just the overall impact of tariffs. But we are doing quite a
bit to adjust our supply chain, as I'm sure many others are. So we already had
a supply chain that was highly multi-sourced, and so that's very helpful. And
we're adjusting our supply chain to ensure that we have further options such
that the tariffs are not a significant impact on our business.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Harlan Sur from
JPMorgan.

HARLAN SUR, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO,
RESEARCH DIVISION: On the weakness in the channel-based GPUs, I'm just
wondering if some of the weakness is due to the gaming bans in China. It looks
like China is hindering the introduction of new games, but I'm not sure if it's
impacting actual GPU sales and sort of the enthusiast gamers' motivation to
kind of move up the stack?

LISA T. SU: I don't think we see that specifically, Harlan.
I think what we're seeing is more -- just we had very strong demand in the
first half of this year. And as the supply chain build up, we're just seeing
some excess inventory that needs to be worked through right now. We're not
seeing anything specific relative to that China issue you mentioned.

HARLAN SUR: Great. Thanks for the insight there. And then on
the Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES, now that they're not going to
be supporting 7-nanometer, you'll be moving, I think, most of your 7-nanometer
client products to TSMC, and as of right now, I think you guys still need to
pay them a fee for every 7-nanometer product you produce at TSMC, can you just
give us an update on the new Wafer Supply Agreement that doesn't include
7-nanometers? Obviously, this should be beneficial for your gross margins.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So look, GLOBALFOUNDRIES is a good partner.
They continue to be a very important partner for us. We are in discussions with
them about how to update our agreement post their strategy updates. And we're
making good progress on that. So we'll give you more detail as we get closer.
But overall, they -- GLOBALFOUNDRIES continues to be an important partner for
us.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis
from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a question to follow up on that
THATIC, the $86 million. My understanding is you had original agreement, you
were getting an OpEx off that, and then eventually, if there was product
revenue, you'd recognize that revenue with your portion of your ownership on
those wafers. So I'm just kind of curious, what's this $86 million? Is it
additional IP? And any color on as to what it's for, if possible.

LISA T. SU: Yes, Blayne. So it is related to some additional
IP with THATIC. And we've completed some technology milestones in this past
quarter, and so that's what that was.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: Got you. And then I want to ask you --
it's well known that there is graphics inventory. You mentioned that graphics
pricing was down. I'm just kind of curious of your expectation for that
discounting as we get into the end of the year here. What have you seen and
what are you expecting as you look into December?

LISA T. SU: Yes. We're not expecting any significant changes
from an ASP standpoint if that's what you're asking. I think what we see is the
inventory just has to be worked through, and it's working through the system.

OPERATOR: Our final question is coming from Toshiya Hari
from Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: I did join a little bit late. So I do apologize if you addressed
this. Lisa, I just had a question on the client CPU business and how you think
about market share versus profitability going forward. Given some of the
shortages near term, I'm sure you have the opportunity to pick up share if you
wanted to but perhaps at a lower gross margin. So as you think about the client
business over the next year or 2, how do you balance market share versus
profitability?

LISA T. SU: Sure, so the client business is a good business
for us from a margin standpoint. And as we look forward, we look at it as an
end-to-end portfolio. So -- and we really do have an end-to-end portfolio
across notebook and desktop. And our goal is continue to improve the
profitability of that business.

As it relates to unit share, I think unit share is certainly
important. We look at revenue growth overall as important for that business,
but I believe we'll be able to do that at good margins and continue on our
margin path.

OPERATOR: Thank you. We've reached the end of our
question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management
for any further or closing comments.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you very much for joining our
conference call today, everyone. This does conclude our call.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102418a12083130.730










 EXECUTIVES (94%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (89%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS
(79%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (77%); NANOTECHNOLOGY (73%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

RBC DOMINION SECURITIES INC (56%);

RBC WEALTH MANAGEMENT (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (96%); AMD (FRA) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM
(LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT)
(82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (96%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(82%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110
PENSION FUNDS (69%); NAICS541611 ADMINISTRATIVE MANAGEMENT & GENERAL
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES (56%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); BANKING &
FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANAGEMENT
CONSULTING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); WEALTH MANAGEMENT (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(89%); MANUFACTURING (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); CONSULTING SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (75%); INTERNET & WWW (74%); NETWORKING EQUIPMENT (73%);
TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT (73%); WEBSITES (67%)










 LISA SU (93%)










 October 27, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
25, 2018 Wednesday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 8713 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura A. Graves

, Inc. - Corporate VP of IR

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Aaron Christopher Rakers

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD of IT
Hardware & Networking Equipment and Senior Analyst

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - MD of Semiconductor
Research & Senior Research Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Kevin Edward Cassidy

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Technology Analyst

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Timothy Michael Arcuri

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Head of
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Wayne A. Loeb

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - VP

Presentation

OPERATOR: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Second Quarter 2018
Conference Call. By now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy
of our earnings release and slides. If you have not reviewed these documents,
they can be found on the Investor Relations page of AMD's website, 

.

Participants on today's conference call are: Dr. Lisa Su,
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.

This is a live call and will be replayed via webcast on our
website. I would like to highlight a couple of important dates for you. Jim
Anderson, Senior Vice President and General Manager of Computing and Graphics,
and Ruth Cotter, Senior Vice President of HR, Worldwide Marketing and Investor
Relations, will attend the Jefferies 2018 Semiconductor, Hardware and
Communications Infrastructure Summit on August 28. Also, Devinder Kumar, Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present at the Deutsche Bank
Technology Conference on September 12. And our 2018 third quarter quiet time
will begin at the close of business on Friday, September 14, 2018.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and, as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

We will refer primarily to non-GAAP financial metrics during
this call, except for revenue, gross margin and segment operational results,
which are reported on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures referenced
are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in the
press release posted on our website. Please refer to cautionary statements in
today's press release for more information. You will also find detailed
discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and, in
particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2018.

Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. We ended the first half of 2018 strong, delivering our
fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue growth,
driven by increased demand for our high-performance products.

Second quarter revenue of $1.76 billion grew 53%
year-over-year, and gross margin improved more than 3 percentage points,
resulting in our highest quarterly net income in 7 years. We are very pleased
with the year-over-year financial performance across both of our business
segments as we continue to gain share driven by strong customer adoption of our
new products in the PC, gaming and data center markets.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, second
quarter CG segment revenue increased 64% year-over-year, driven by strong
demand for our Radeon GPUs and a significant ramp of our Ryzen mobile
processors. Ryzen unit shipments grew strong double-digit sequentially, as
Ryzen mobile processor shipments more than doubled in the quarter. Acer, Asus,
Dell, HP, Huawei, Lenovo and Samsung launched dozens of Ryzen processor-based
notebooks, which position us well to continue growing Ryzen mobile sales
heading into the back-to-school and holiday seasons.

In the commercial PC market, we launched our Ryzen PRO
commercial mobile APUs in the quarter. For the first time in our history, all 3
major commercial OEMs: Dell, HP and Lenovo, now offer enterprise-class
notebooks and desktops powered by AMD, and we are seeing strong initial
interest as customers evaluate these new systems.

Continuing our strong roadmap execution, we launched our
second generation Ryzen desktop CPU to very positive reviews in April, just 13
months after the first Ryzen desktop processors were released. Additionally, in
June, we delivered the first public demonstration of our second generation AMD
Ryzen Threadripper processors with the industry's first 32-core PC processor
designed for the high-end desktop market. We are on track to launch our second
generation Threadripper processor in August, with leadership performance for
the enthusiast and content creation markets.

Overall, we are very pleased with the market adoption of our
Ryzen processors. 44 consumer and commercial Ryzen-based desktops and notebooks
have been launched this year, and our customers remain on track to bring a
total of 60 Ryzen-based systems to market in 2018.

In Graphics, strong channel and data center demand drove
significant year-over-year increases in revenue and ASPs. Sequentially,
graphics revenue was down, primarily driven by lower blockchain-related sales,
partially offset by stronger data center sales. Sales into the high-end
enthusiast and performance portions of the gaming market grew substantially
year-over-year based on the adoption of our latest Radeon RX 500 and Vega
series GPUs. We continue to execute our software strategy to provide the best gaming
experience in the industry with new AMD Radeon GPU drivers published for every
major game launched in the quarter, and expanded partnerships with Ubisoft,
Capcom and Rebellion to optimize their next generation of games on Radeon
graphics.

On the hardware side, we continued to expand the adoption of
our Radeon Vega architecture with the introduction of new OEM systems and AIB
cards in smaller and more mobile form factors. Samsung also announced they
added our FreeSync technology to many of their high-end TVs, giving PC and
console gamers the ultimate big screen gaming experience. The AMD FreeSync
ecosystem is the broadest in the industry, with more than 400 FreeSync-enabled
monitors and TVs in market to date.

Data center GPU revenue increased significantly in the
quarter, driven by Vega-based Radeon Instinct MI25 shipments. Our GPU
engagements with large cloud customers continued to expand as we increased our
investments in hardware and open software solutions in this important space. At
COMPUTEX this year, we showed the first public demonstration of our
next-generation 7-nanometer Radeon Vega GPU, which includes new features
optimized for the artificial intelligence and machine learning markets. We
started sampling of this product in the second quarter and we are on track to
launch this next-generation product, the world's first 7-nanometer GPU, later
this year.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Second quarter segment revenue increased 37% year-over-year, primarily driven
by strong semi-custom sales and growing adoption of our EPYC data center
processors.

Starting with our server business, we celebrated our 1-year
anniversary of the launch of our EPYC server processors with an increase of
greater than 50% in both revenue and unit shipments sequentially. We have over
50 customer platforms now in market, including Cisco, who announced their
highest density server offering ever powered by EPYC processors; and HP
Enterprise who launched their first EPYC-based single-socket ProLiant server,
which delivers significantly lower cost per virtual machine than the leading
dual socket competitor.

We also saw strong progress with our mega data center
partners, as Tencent Cloud announced immediate availability of their SA1 Cloud
service, delivering 30% lower cost per VM with outstanding performance across
key workloads. Shipments for mega data center customers more than doubled in
the quarter as we made significant progress towards qualification of production
instances at multiple cloud providers in anticipation of deployments planned in
the second half of this year. We're also seeing momentum from Tier 2 next wave
cloud service providers that have the ability to ramp quickly with a noted
preference for the value and capability that our EPYC single-socket offering
brings.

Turning to large enterprise customers. We added dozens of
new end customers in the quarter. Our value proposition continues to be strong
in segments like HPC, data analytics and in general-purpose virtualized
enterprise environments. We are extremely focused on accelerating EPYC
processor adoption in these targeted segments in the second half of the year.

Finally, I'm very pleased with our execution against our
long-term roadmap. We received first silicon of our next-generation 7-nanometer
EPYC processor with Zen 2, codename Rome, in the second quarter, and the
silicon quality and bring up has gone very well. I am happy to report that we
recently started sampling Rome to select partners for early validation, and we
are on track to launch in 2019, strengthening our already outstanding
competitive position in the market. We remain focused on our near-term
milestone of achieving mid-single-digit server unit share by the end of 2018 on
the path to our midterm goal of double-digit market share.

Moving on to our Semi-Custom and Embedded businesses.
Semi-custom revenue increased year-over-year and sequentially in support of
Sony and Microsoft game consoles. We are proud that Microsoft and Sony have
collectively shipped well over 100 million AMD-powered game consoles in the
current cycle. The game console market continues to be an important segment for
us in the long term and we are well-positioned based on our strong partnerships
and differentiated IT and design capabilities. Embedded sales increased by
double-digit percentage year-over-year, driven by growth across the embedded
gaming, industrial and medical imaging markets. We also saw strong initial
design wins for our new EPYC and Ryzen Embedded product families following
their launch last quarter.

In closing, we are very pleased with our second quarter
financial results. We delivered strong revenue growth, and margin expansion as
demand for our new high-performance products continued to accelerate. Most
importantly, we believe our long-term technology bets position us very well for
the future. Several years ago, we made important decisions around our CPU and
GPU roadmaps to drive leadership at the 7-nanometer node. We now have line of
sight to those products coming to market and we see incredible opportunities
ahead based on the competitive positioning and customer interest in our
upcoming 7-nanometer products. We are confident that with continued execution,
we are on an excellent trajectory to drive market share gains and growth in revenue
and profitability. We are focused on that continued execution as we make
significant investments in our hardware and software roadmaps to deliver even
more compelling products to our customers in the 2019 and 2020 timeframe.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder, to provide
some additional color on our second quarter financial performance. Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone.

Q2 was another strong quarter for AMD. Year-over-year, we
grew revenue 53% and expanded gross margins 37%, while significantly growing
operating margin and earnings per share. Quarterly revenue of $1.76 billion was
higher year-over-year, driven by strength across all product lines. Gross
margin was up 360 basis points year-over-year, driven by the ramp of new
products.

Operating expenses were $467 million or 27% of revenue, down
as a percentage of revenue from 34% a year ago. We are delivering operating
leverage while launching new products and making strategic R&D investments
to support our multi-generation -- multigenerational product roadmaps. R&D
investments in the first half of 2018 increased 25% as compared to the first
half of 2017 in support of our future product roadmaps.

Operating income grew to $186 million from $23 million a
year ago. Operating margin was 11% and both our business segments reported
double-digit operating margin percentage. Adjusted EBITDA was $228 million
compared to $58 million a year ago, and, on a trailing 12-month basis, adjusted
EBITDA has grown considerably to $666 million, resulting in gross debt leverage
of 2.5x.

Net income was $156 million, a significant improvement
compared to a loss of $7 million 1 year ago. This is our highest quarterly net
income since 2011. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.14 using a
diluted share count of 1,147 million, compared to a loss of $0.01 per share a
year ago.

Now turning to the business segment results. Computing and
Graphics segment revenue was $1.1 billion, up 64% year-over-year, led by strong
sales of both Radeon and Ryzen products. Ryzen products accounted for
approximately 60% of client revenue, and we saw a particular strength in Ryzen
Mobile processors in the second quarter as new notebook products continued to
ramp.

Strong channel and data center demand drove year-over-year
graphics revenue increases. Sequentially, graphics revenue was down, primarily
driven by lower blockchain sales, partially offset by stronger data center
sales. We believe blockchain-related revenue declined from approximately 10% of
our revenue in the first quarter to approximately 6% of our overall revenue in
the second quarter.

Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $117
million or 11% of segment revenue compared to operating income of $7 million 1
year ago. The significant increase was due to strong revenue growth coupled
with improved operating expense leverage.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $670
million, up 37% year-over-year, driven primarily by semi-custom and EPYC
processor sales. These results include higher-than-anticipated semi-custom
revenue in Q2 due to higher inventory, with noncancelable purchase orders in
accordance with ASC 606. EPYC processor units revenue grew greater than 50%
quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by mega data center sales. EESC
operating income was $69 million or 10% of segment revenue, up from an
operating income of $16 million a year ago on higher revenue. Q2 2017 operating
income for EESC also included a licensing gain of $25 million.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $983 million at the end of the quarter. Free cash
flow was negative $88 million in the second quarter due to working capital
requirements in support of recent revenue growth. Inventory was $750 million,
up slightly from the prior quarter. Total principal debt, including our secured
revolving line of credit, was $1.7 billion.

Now turning to our financial outlook. For the third quarter
2018, AMD expects revenue to be approximately $1.7 billion plus or minus $50
million. This would be an increase of approximately 7% year-over-year,
primarily driven by higher sales of Ryzen and EPYC products, partially offset
by lower sales of GPU products in the blockchain market. Sequentially, this
would be a decrease of approximately 3%, with higher Ryzen and EPYC processor
revenue offset by lower GPU revenue.

In addition, we now expect semi-custom revenue to be lower
sequentially in Q3 following higher-than-expected Q2 revenue. As a reminder,
for comparative purposes, Q3 2017 revenue was $1.58 billion adjusted for ASC
606 revenue accounting standards.

In addition, for Q3, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be
approximately 38%, up from 36% in the prior year, driven by the ramp of Ryzen
and EPYC product sales; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $470
million or 28% of revenue; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to be
approximately $35 million; and free cash flow to be positive.

For the full year 2018, we continue to expect revenue growth
of mid-20s percent, gross margin in excess of 37% and to be free cash flow
positive.

In closing, Q2 was an excellent quarter, and 2018 is
expected to be a solid year. I am pleased with our business execution and financial
results, driven by the strength of our high-performance product portfolio. We
remain focused on executing our long-term financial model for revenue growth,
margin expansion and improved profitability.

Now with that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA A. GRAVES, CORPORATE VP OF IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready for our first question here in
the room.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from the line of Mark Lipacis with Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, for you. On the -- it seems Intel seems to have
pushed their 10-nanometer volume ramp out into 2019, and I think a lot of
people view your foundry 7-nanometer kind of the same ZIP code as their
10-nanometer. So I'm wondering if you could give us some context and/or color
on what does this mean? Does -- is it -- if you're at parity with Intel -- has
AMD ever been at parity before with Intel? And does that change the
conversation with your customers in terms of their interest in your products?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Mark. So look, in terms of our roadmaps,
both on the CPU and GPU side, we made some important technology decisions a
couple of years ago and we bet heavily on 7-nanometer. We thought 7-nanometer
would be a big node for the industry and it would be important for us to be
early in the adoption of 7-nanometer. So when you look at where we are today,
especially on the CPU side, we have first silicon of our Rome product. It looks
very good. We also have a good number of architectural improvements and
enhancements in Zen 2 that will come with 7-nanometer technology. So we're very
pleased with where we are and where the competitive positioning is. And I would
say, to your question about how is it perceived, I think customers are very
interested in where we are. I mean, clearly, we have to execute. But with our
current generation Naples, customers have certainly gotten to understand our
architecture with the improvements that we have going into 7-nanometer with
Rome. I think there is enhanced interest and from a competitive positioning
standpoint, we do believe we have an excellent competitive position going into
2019. So we are very, very excited about that.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: A follow-up, if I may. As we look at the
double-digit bogey for next year on servers, is that -- do you need EPYC 2 to
get to that? And what are the risks on bringing that to market?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Mark, we view the double-digit share
goal as an important share goal. I think it certainly will come with the second
generation of EPYC, so the Zen 2 product. But I view that as a journey, right?
I mean, we have now sort of 3 generations that we have: we have Zen 1 that's in
the market today, we have Zen 2 that's well into the productization phase and
then we have a very strong roadmap around Zen 3 as well. So we feel good about
our competitive position and the path to double-digit market share. I think
this is all about rate and pace and we're working very, very closely with our
customers to accelerate that ramp. And actually, I was very pleased. I
mentioned in the prepared remarks earlier that in the second quarter, we saw
some nice acceleration of the mega data center customers so we saw units there
more than double, and that's an indication that were getting the right level of
engagement and progress with our large customers.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of John
Pitzer with Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I
wonder if you could just give us a little bit more detail into the foundry
strategy at 7-nanometers. And kind of how much flexibility do you have between
your 2 foundry partners? And to what extent if one of them is having trouble on
the 7, does the Wafer Supply Agreement kind of give you the ability to move
capacity without having to pay for wafers?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, John. So a couple of years ago, we
did amend the Wafer Supply Agreement. It was a very strategic agreement for us
as we look over the long term. So at 7-nanometer, we are engaged with both TSMC
and GLOBALFOUNDRIES. I would say that we do have, on a product-by-product
basis, the choice between the foundries and we make those decisions on a
product-by-product basis. But in terms of our long-term roadmap and how we feel
about it, both on the GPU and CPU side, the main message is, we don't believe process
technology is going to be a gate for us. We have a lot of architectural work, a
lot of architectural improvements, but we don't believe process technology is a
gate for our roadmap.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: And then Lisa as my second question,
can you help me better understand, because one of the things I know you've been
working on aggressively with the launch of EPYC 2 is your ability to cover a
broader swath of workloads and just increase kind of the server TAM you can go
after. So can you help quantify to me kind of as you go from EPYC 1 to EPYC 2
what that growth in workload coverage looks like? And importantly, as you
continue to broaden out, how do we think about the R&D burden from here?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, John. So when we go from the first
generation of EPYC to the second generation of EPYC, I do think that there are
some improvements that we'll make in the architecture that will expand the TAM.
But from a TAM standpoint, we are not limited. I mean, I view our coverage
today as 80% of the TAM. And yes, some workloads are really clean kills, and
other workloads are closer, but we are servicing a large portion of the TAM. I
think the value proposition increases with some of the architectural
improvements that we've made in the second generation of EPYC, but from the
standpoint of TAM, I think we feel good about it. From an R&D standpoint,
and Devinder made the comment on our prepared remarks, that we did increase
R&D by 25% year-on-year, but I think we've done it in a very responsible
way. So we have revenue growth. We're seeing margin expansion, which is a very,
very key piece of our business model. And then we will increase R&D and
go-to-market resources effectively. But I don't believe that we will ever
increase our OpEx ahead of revenue. I think it's a balance between each of
those lines. So we have these -- I think, we have a strong roadmap at this
point, and we'll look for opportunities to increase R&D, particularly on
the software side, actually. I think we have a lot of opportunity on the software
side across CPUs and GPUs to accelerate some of our machine learning work. And
so that's where incremental R&D would go.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: And then if I could sneak one last one
in, Lisa, just on the GPU side, I think this is the second or third quarter in
a row that you've highlighted incremental gains inside of the data center. Can
you help size what that represents as a percent of revenue today? And I guess,
more importantly, as you bring to market the 7-nanometer GPU part, how you're
think about exploiting that in the data center and kind of the TAM
expectations, the revenue expectations we should have over the next kind of 4
to 8 quarters?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So on the GPU side, there's no question
that the demand for GPUs in the data center are growing very quickly, even
faster than on the CPU side, for sure. And our data center engagements -- our
focus on the GPU side is very cloud-centric. So large customers, places where
are GPU capability can be well targeted. I would say the size of the business
is still small, so we are growing, but it is still small. But there's lots of
interest in our current generation MI25. And there's even more interest in our
7-nanometer Vega GPU that's coming to market later this year. So we expect an
opportunity to grow that segment over the next 4 to 8 quarters. And as you can
see in the market, overall, the GPU segment is growing quite a bit in data
centers. And so we'll continue to invest heavily in this area.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Vivek
Arya with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
I wanted to just start with a clarification and then I have a follow-up. What's
the assumption for blockchain revenue in Q3 and for the full year? And just if
you have an updated view of overall 2018 sales growth?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Vivek. So let me take that, and then
Devinder can add as necessary. So for Q2, we were approximately 6% of revenue
for blockchain. For Q3, we're planning very little blockchain, so we expected
it to be down in the second half, but we're planning very little in Q3. And so
if you update that on a full year basis, for 2018, blockchain will be lower
than what we had previously discussed in the last earnings call. So I would say,
previously, we said mid- to high-single digits, I think this will be a more on
the mid-single digit side. And we'll continue to watch the market develop over
the next couple of quarters.

VIVEK ARYA: All right. And then, Lisa, have you seen any
competitive response from Intel so far in either PCs or servers? For example,
some of your desktop parts saw some ASP decline. Was it just mix or price
competition? Or anything else that we should keep in mind?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Vivek. So let me take each of the
segments separately. So if you look at the PC segment, what we have seen is
basically a ramping of our product portfolio. Certainly, in desktop, we had
some mix here in the second quarter where we increased the percentage of the
APUs that were being sold into the desktop channel segment, and so you saw a
little bit of a mix to -- a bit softer desktop ASPs. But overall, when I look
overall, I would say that the competitive situation is about what I would
expect. There's product competition, and we see that. We do ensure that there
is good transition of products. So when we moved from our first generation
Ryzen to our second generation Ryzen, we had some channel programs to make sure
that we manage channel inventory on the first generation. But we've seen nothing
that I would call unusual. And on the notebook side, actually, I'm pretty
pleased, because we're really seeing the notebook side of the business pick up
and so mobile ASPs were up. The percentage of Ryzen units in mobile were up and
we see that continuing into the second half of the year. And then on the EPYC
side, again, I would say that the competition is really product based and for
us, there's some workload optimization that we do with customers, but I haven't
seen anything that's unusual relative to the pricing environment and, in fact,
as EPYC ramps, our ASPs are going up.

VIVEK ARYA: All right. And one last quick one, if I may.
When should we expect to see the breakout quarter for EPYC, Lisa? Will that be
Q3, Q4? What's the visibility around that?

LISA T. SU: I think we are very focused on ensuring we
deliver that mid-single-digit unit share at the end of 2018. I think as we go
into the second half of the year, I would still see it as fourth quarter would
be a real important quarter for us. I think we'll see ramps into third quarter.
And the key is, as you know, with some of these cloud partners, their -- it's
actually important when they actually ramp these larger instances. And so lots
of visibility into work being done and the exact timing will depend on our
customers' ramps.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Matt
Ramsay with Cowen.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD & SENIOR TECHNOLOGY ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, a couple questions on the server
business, and then I'll follow-up on a couple of PC things. In server, you guys
have sort of laid out this mid-singles unit share number by the end of this
year. And maybe you can walk us through that with a little bit of granularity,
like how do you balance the what seems to be really high demand within the
cloud customer base for Rome versus pushing volumes in the near-term of Naples?
And I think some folks had asked a couple of questions around process nodes and
you're obviously sampling already with Rome, so maybe you could be explicit
about where you're manufacturing that?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure. So a couple of different questions
here, Matt. On the EPYC, your question is Naples versus Rome and how we manage
that. Look, our focus from sales and go-to-market standpoint right now is on
Naples. First generation EPYC, we have a lot of platforms in market, over 50
platforms in market. There are a lot of customers that have systems in their
labs going through various stages of qualification, and we're very focused on
supporting that and ensuring that we see that ramp into the second half of the
year. Rome is really a 2019 story. I think the good part about it is I expect
that customers perhaps took a little bit longer in their initial qualification
and sort of work around Naples, and our hope is that, as we go into Rome,
you'll see those qualification timelines tighten up a little bit. But no
question that for 2018, it's a Naples story, and there's a lot of customer
interest around Rome, and we will manage that. But we want to make sure that we
also do as much of the validation work on our side before we sample too
broadly. I think the good news is there's a lot of interest and it's really
just on us to execute cleanly through the next couple of quarters. And Matt,
you had some other questions or...

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: Yes, I mean, the last on there on server
was about manufacturing for Rome, and then I'll just -- talk about some -- one
thing on the PC side, particularly notebooks, one of the questions I'm getting
most often from investors is as the product portfolio from AMD improves
dramatically, and I think will again as you guys go to 7-nanometer, it seems
like winning sell-in share with OEMs is something that you guys have a bit of
control of. But I wanted to ask a little bit about sell-through and consumer
adoption and sort of mindshare around your client products. Intel has wound
down a little bit some of the Intel Inside marketing program, and I know you
maybe have some opportunities there. Maybe you could talk about some of the
steps that your marketing team is making to sort of maybe change and refresh
some of the consumer perception of the products relative to how quickly they
have improved fundamentally?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely. So Matt, on your first question
relative to the manufacturing of the second generation of EPYC. So as I said
earlier, we are working with both TSMC and GLOBALFOUNDRIES in 7-nanometer. As
for the 7-nanometer Rome that we're currently sampling, that's being
manufactured at the TSMC. And then your second question about where we are in
that PS -- PC market, sell-in versus sellout share -- actually, it's a great
question. It's a great question. And when I look at the PC market, we have
great relationships with the OEMs. I mean, you can see it from the number of
platforms that we have out there. But there's no question that there's
opportunity for us to get the consumer perception and the commercial enterprise
perception up. And so we've been very focused on that and that comes with
additional investment in go-to-market expenses. So getting the Ryzen brand out
there, getting the Radeon brand out there, it includes additional training at
some key retailers to ensure that they know how to sell Ryzen and they know
what the value proposition is. And what we see is some clear signs of early
momentum in sellout. So as our platforms launched here in the month of June, we
actually saw on quite a few of the outlets that they've actually sold out of
our product and we've had to restock that here quickly. And as we go into the
second half of the year, I think you'll see, in both back-to-school and in
holidays globally, that we have a larger presence of assortment than we have
had in the past. So that's a clear focus for us in the PC market.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Stacy
Rasgon with Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: First, I wanted to ask about Ryzen share. I
thought I heard you say that Ryzen was 60% of your CPU revenues in the quarter.
I thought that's what you said it was last quarter as well. So how do I
reconcile that with the other color around the sequential growth of Ryzen into
Q2?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Stacy, it was approximately 60%. And
when you look at it on a quarter-on-quarter basis, we had more units overall in
desktop and notebook. Particularly in notebook, we saw an acceleration of Ryzen
mobile units in the notebooks. So it's an approximate number, it's not an exact
number, but it's approximately 60%. We also saw some legacy business increase,
and that's why you see that.

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay. So basically, it's maybe like a
little below 60% before, and like a little above 60% now but kind of around
60%?

LISA T. SU: In that range, exactly.

STACY AARON RASGON: Okay. For my second question, you said
you had EPYC up more than 50% sequentially. I think it doubled last quarter,
it's up 50% this quarter. But I think you're still running, call it, 1%, maybe
little kind of in that ballpark of share. So if you're going to get 5% [x] in
the year, I mean you've got to probably triple or more the current run rate by
Q4. And I know you had mentioned earlier that Q4 was going to be kind of like
an important quarter. Is that the kind of, I guess, ramp rate or run rate you're
actually thinking about this EPYC business into the back half of the year in
order to meet your targets?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Stacy. I mean, I think, we view an
acceleration as we go into the second half of the year, particularly as some of
these guys go into larger production. But yes, there are a significant number
of more units. I think we just see a pipeline that can accomplish that.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. One quick housekeeping, just why
did the accounts receivable go up so much?

LISA T. SU: Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Sorry, I didn't get the question, Stacy?

LISA T. SU: Accounts receivable.

STACY AARON RASGON: Sorry. Accounts receivable, why did they
go up so much?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. It went up, primarily, it's higher
revenue and timing of collections. So that's the main reason. In addition,
there was an increase in this associated unbilled AR for semi-custom revenue,
which, as you know, is recognized under ASC 606. That -- those parts have not
shipped, but they get recognized as revenue, and that's it says, unbilled AR
under the AR line.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Moore
with Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe if you could talk a little bit about the Chinese JV
and the product that's being developed there that you've licensed? Can you talk
about when you expect to see that product emerge? And how do you think about
that sort of AMD proper competing with the JV within those Chinese customers?
Are you agnostic to who wins or just how should we think about that?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Joe. So we did start this Chinese JV a
couple of years ago and the whole idea was to get more share in the domestic
China market. The partnership has gone well, the product development is going
well. We view the product as complementary to our current portfolio. So I think
from that standpoint, we will continue to sell sort of AMD EPYC into the China
market. And then for a certain domestic China applications, I think the China
JV product will be available. They have not yet announced the exact timing of
that, so I'll wait until the official announcement of it. But so far, it's gone
as expected and I think the product development has gone quite well.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Next question?

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, a couple of questions. The timing of
the Ryzen version of 7-nanometer after EPYC, when will that happen in 2019? Is
that a quarter after or 6 months, just the timing? And the second question is,
how many of the mega data center guys are you actually engaged with at the
moment?

LISA T. SU: Yes, okay. So Hans, on the timing of the
7-nanometer Ryzen, I would just keep it as it's after the 7-nanometer EPYC. So
we'll launch 7-nanometer EPYC first. I wouldn't say it's very far out, but I
would say it's after. And then in terms of mega data centers, we are engaged
with all of them in some way, shape or form across CPU and GPU. On the CPU
standpoint, I would say we are heavily engaged with 5.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin
Cassidy with Stifel.

KEVIN EDWARD CASSIDY, DIRECTOR, STIFEL, NICOLAUS &
COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Question. Just again on EPYC, you are
very clear that it was going to be about 4 quarters in qualification before
your customers would start deployment. With EPYC 2, are there any programs in
place or can we expect there to be a shorter amount of time before that could
be deployed?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Kevin. So I believe -- and, of course,
we'll have to see how this plays out. But I think with EPYC, there were some
customers who waited for us to completely qualify before they started, let's
call it, their own evals, and that's to be understood because we were sort of
returning to the market. I think with the second generation of EPYC, one would
expect that there would be some customers who would do, let's call it, parallel
qualifications with our own qualifications. And so I think there is an
opportunity to sort of overlap some of that work, and certainly, that's part of
the reason that we've started early sampling as early as we have to try to
parallelize some of that activity.

KEVIN EDWARD CASSIDY: Okay, great. And on the GPU traction
you're getting in the data center, is there a high attach rate with your EPYC
processors? Or is that just an independent traction?

LISA T. SU: I would say, at the moment, sort of for
2018-type revenue, they are independent engagements at the moment. I think, as
we move into the 7-nanometer node with both EPYC and our Vega 7-nanometer,
there will be more of an attach rate, and there is more interest, frankly, in
that attach.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Toshiya
Hari from Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: How should we think about OpEx growth over the next several quarters?
It seems like you've been growing OpEx kind of in the 20%-plus range? Should
that moderate going forward or should we expect that to stay relatively stable?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think, the first thing is if you look at
our model that we've laid out, we've said the long-term target model to stay
within the range of 26% to 30%. This year, with the revenue guide at the Q in
the mid-20s, we're guiding to about 28% OpEx to revenue. Year-over-year basis,
you're right, we have increased it, and largely, those increases have been in
R&D. If you look on the first half of 2017 to the first half of 2018, OpEx
is up, but it's largely weighted towards the R&D side. We are pleased with
the operating leverage that we are getting from a company standpoint with the
increase in revenue, but at the same time, targeted investments very heavily in
the product roadmaps, and some of the things that you heard Lisa just talked
about from the products and all of the multiple levers that we have to increase
revenue, we are definitely investing in those areas.

TOSHIYA HARI: Great. And as a follow-up, Lisa, it's been a
little bit over a year since you laid out your long-term financial model. I
realize crypto has been sort of a tailwind since then. But is it fair to say
that you guys are on track to hit the $0.75 and above EPS number ex crypto?

LISA T. SU: Yes. I think, Toshi, if you look at the
long-term financial model and put aside sort of temporal things, and we feel
that we are on track towards that long-term financial model. In some places, we
are ahead; in some places, we are on track; but overall, I think we feel good
about where we are towards the long-term financial model.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Chris
Danely with Citigroup.

WAYNE A. LOEB, VP, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is
Wayne Loeb for Chris Danely. What kind of performance improvement will
7-nanometer EPYC have over the current one?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Wayne, I think we are -- we're not yet
getting into details of what the performance improvement is of the 7-nanometer
EPYC. So I think we'll have more details on the architecture and where we are
in performance later this year.

WAYNE A. LOEB: As a follow-up, you talked about your goal of
mid-single-digit share for EPYC by end of the year. At end of the year, what do
you think your share would be in desktops and notebooks?

LISA T. SU: I think we'll continue to make progress in
desktops and notebooks. In particular, I think, we expect that the notebook
share will increase as we go into the second half of the year. Obviously, the
PC market overall is doing a little bit better than most people expected and so
we'll have to see how the market does. But from our standpoint, we don't have a
specific share target out there for end of this year. We believe we'll continue
to gain share based on what we see in design wins at this point.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Ambrish
Srivastava with BMO Capital.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, MD OF SEMICONDUCTOR RESEARCH &
SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: I'm sorry, if you
addressed it earlier on the call. What is the timing for the 7-nanometer GPU?
And then my related question on GPU is, could you just update us on what's the
progress on the software ecosystem, and specifically, in competition with the
mode -- seemingly, huge mode that Nvidia has built with CUDA.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Ambrish. So our 7-nanometer GPU is --
started sampling here in the second quarter, and we will launch it later this
year. So it will launch -- we expect it to launch in 2018. As it relates to the
software ecosystem, we're making good progress. We're making incremental
progress each quarter. And the important thing and the reason -- our strategy
right now in GPUs in the data center is to engage with sort of large cloud guys
who have the ability to work with us and, in some sense, we're focusing our
software efforts on their needs first. And that allows us to kind of do this
sort of vertical by vertical. So I think we're making good progress. It's a
multiyear effort, and we are very clear that it's a multiyear effort, but we have
seen some initial positive momentum and we're going to continue to invest in
this space. So it's the #1 investment priority for us.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: So in data center, Lisa, sorry, just a
quick follow-up. What areas have you been able to gain traction in within the
-- and it's a pretty large area, but within machine learning, where
specifically have you been able to wedge yourself in?

LISA T. SU: Yes, again, we're working with several cloud
vendors on sort of key applications in their data center.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thanks, Ambrish. Operator, we have time for
2 more questions, please?

OPERATOR: No problem. Our next question comes from the line
of Aaron Rakers with Wells Fargo.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS, MD OF IT HARDWARE & NETWORKING
EQUIPMENT AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I
just -- I apologize to continue to go back to EPYC, but just curious, as we
think about the ramp, you've mentioned that you have over 50 platforms now in
the market. I'm just curious if you were asked to characterize how many of
those were shipping in volume, and what your expectation would be through the
course of the remainder of this year in terms of those turning into true
meaningful volumes?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so I'm thinking about that. I would say a
number of those platforms -- a large majority of those platforms are shipping
to multiple customers. So volume, of course, is all relative. But -- and the
way we count platforms are, obviously, platforms from the OEMs as well as
platforms from ODMs and a number of the cloud guys are doing their own
platforms or specific platforms. So I would say a large number of those, the
majority of those would have -- are shipping to multiple customers. And
production -- sort of the scale of the production is what -- is customer
dependent. So some of them are in hundreds of units, some of them are in
thousands of units, some of them are in tens of thousands of units and --
different scale of numbers.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: Okay, fair enough. And then as a
quick follow-up, as we think about the ramp of some of your new platforms going
forward and we kind of tie that to your long-term gross margin target of, I
think it was 40% to 44%, can you just remind us again of how we can think about
the mix in terms of the margin profile of some of the new businesses ramping?
And how quickly maybe we should consider that 40-plus percent target of gross
margin?

LISA T. SU: Well, we're guiding the third quarter to 38%
gross margin. That's largely on the strength of the new product portfolio. I
think what we said before, which still holds, is our Ryzen, our EPYC, our
Radeon data center products are all, in aggregate, over 50% from a gross margin
standpoint. They're well above the corporate average. I think we're starting to
see the mix and that margin accretion of the new products, and so we'll
continue to do that over the next couple of quarters.

AARON CHRISTOPHER RAKERS: So, I guess, it's fair to -- yes,
I guess I'm just trying to -- I guess given the commentary around the fourth
quarter and EPYC, really that being an important quarter, could we assume that
gross margin from here continues to trend higher?

LISA T. SU: Well, I think it's fair to say that, as we go
into the second half of the year, our new products will be a larger percentage
of our overall product revenue. And that is positive from a margin standpoint.

OPERATOR: Our final question comes from the line of Tim
Arcuri with UBS.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI, MD AND HEAD OF SEMICONDUCTORS &
SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I had 2. I
guess, when I look at the stock there's not -- I'm not sure that there's a lot
of doubt about the share gain targets this year. But maybe there is some
question about the ability to sustain those targets next year and the year
after. So I guess the question -- first question is, what are you doing
differently this time that was not done in the Opteron cycle? Are you giving
customers more visibility to your roadmap?

LISA T. SU: Tim, I think the major thing that we're doing
differently as a company and certainly around EPYC, is we are doing what we
said we were going to do. We laid out a 5-year roadmap to what we wanted to do
in servers. We told them what first generation EPYC would look like. It came
out a little bit better than they expected. We told them when to expect second
generation EPYC and what we were trying to do with that. And I'm really pleased
to say that we're exactly on track to what we said we were going to do. And we
have a third generation behind that. So our focus is to execute really, really
well and provide the customers the differentiation in the value proposition to
consider us as a long-term partner. We are not after what happens over the next
2 quarters. I mean, this is extraordinarily -- it's a journey for us with EPYC,
and I think we feel good about what we've done and the entire team is focused
on delivering what we said we were going to do.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI: Got it, Lisa. And I guess, just the
last question is really around the strategic foundry roadmap beyond
7-nanometer. Clearly, you have a lead now that -- because Intel is going to
really, I think, functionally skip over 10-nanometer, which is great, and maybe
it was -- it's a little bit unexpected given when you began development of
these parts. But how do you think strategically beyond 7-nanometer as you move
to 5-nanometer with your partner? And where Intel will be at that time?

LISA T. SU: What we see in the foundry roadmap is actually a
very nice cadence of technologies. So we do believe 7-nanometer will be a large
node. There will be derivatives of 7-nanometer: 7-nanometer, 7-nanometer plus.
We have seen the first view of 5-nanometer, and we think 5-nanometer is very
competitive as well. So again, our goal is to use the best that process
technology can offer in the foundry market, and then differentiate on
architecture and sort of product positioning and those kinds of things.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our
question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the call back to Laura
Graves for closing remarks.

LAURA A. GRAVES: Thank you, operator. And to everyone who
joined our call today through Q&A, thank you very much. Appreciate your
time and we'll speak to you again soon.

OPERATOR: This concludes today's teleconference. You may
disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072518a11649727.727










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); GLOBALIZATION (89%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS
(79%); BUSINESS METRICS (79%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%);
MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (77%);
FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (98%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (84%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (70%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (69%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (53%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (98%); AMD (FRA) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710 (TSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (84%); MS (NYSE)
(58%); DEUT (JSE) (53%); DBK (FRA) (53%); DBK (BIT) (53%); DBETN (JSE) (53%);
DB (NYSE) (53%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH
THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS,
DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE
(91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING
(84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY &
CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (69%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS
(69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF
FOREIGN BANKS (53%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER
INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%);
SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); TELECOMMUNICATIONS
EQUIPMENT (78%); FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (77%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES
(77%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); INTERNET & WWW (75%); CREDIT CARDS
(74%); NETWORKING EQUIPMENT (73%); WEBSITES (68%)










 LISA SU (92%); MICHAEL A ARCURI (51%)










 August 29, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
25, 2018 Wednesday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 8520 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura Graves

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - MD of Semiconductor
Research & Senior Research Analyst

* Auguste Philip Richard

Northland Capital Markets, Research Division - MD &
Senior Research Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Research Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Equity Technology and Services Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* Harlan Sur

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Timothy Michael Arcuri

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Head of
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment

* Toshiya Hari

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a
reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves.
Laura, please go ahead.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's First Quarter
2018 Conference Call. By now, you should have had an opportunity to review a
copy of our earnings release and slide presentation. If you have not reviewed
these documents, they can be found on the Investors Relations page of AMD's
website at 

.

Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on our website.

I would like to highlight a couple of important dates for
you. Dr. Lisa Su, President and Chief Executive Officer, will present at the
46th Annual J.P. Morgan Global Technology Media and Communications Conference
on May 15. Mark Papermaster, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology
Officer, will present at the Cowan 46th Annual TMT Conference on May 30. And
our 2018 second quarter quiet time will begin at the close of business on Friday,
June 15, 2018.

During our call today, we will focus discussion on key
metrics and year-over-year trends in our business, as we believe this is the
most meaningful way for analysts and investors to evaluate our growth
trajectory. We have expanded the slide content and eliminated the written CFO
commentary document. For those of you on social media, we will be sharing key
messages from this call on our Twitter feed, @AMDNews, at the conclusion of
this call.

Please be reminded that AMD adopted revenue recognition
standard ASC 606 effective 2018, using the full retrospective method as of Q1
2018. All prior period results have been adjusted to adopt this new standard,
and our comments on today's call reflect these adjustments. For more
information and historical financial statements, please refer to our 8-K filing
on February 27, 2018.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that cause actual results to
differ materially from our current expectations. We will refer primarily to
non-GAAP financial metrics during this call, except for revenue, gross margin
and segment operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP
financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable
GAAP financial measure in the press release posted on our website. Please refer
to the cautionary statements in today's press release for more information. You
will also find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with
the SEC and, in particular, AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 30, 2017.

Now, with all of that out of the way, I'm happy to turn the
call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura. And good afternoon to all of
those listening in today. We started 2018 with excellent financial results as
we delivered our third straight quarter of double-digit year-over-year revenue
growth. First quarter revenue of $1.65 billion grew 40% year-over-year. Gross
margin improved 4 percentage points, and earnings per share increased significantly
based on very strong operating and net income growth.

Our strong first quarter financial results demonstrate that
our long-term strategy is paying off. We are executing consistently on our
product roadmap. Our customers are increasingly adopting our new products, and
we are strengthening the foundation of AMD with the right long-term
investments.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment in the
quarter. Excellent momentum for our premium product portfolio drove
double-digit year-over-year and sequential revenue growth. Client processor
sales were significantly better than seasonality, as Ryzen processor shipments
grew year-over-year and sequentially. Ryzen processors accounted for 60% of our
overall client processor revenue, up from the low 40%s in Q4, with desktop and
notebook client processor ASPs increasing. Product execution was strong in the
quarter as we expanded our Ryzen processor portfolio with new high-performance
products. We launched the first AMD Ryzen desktop APUs, combining the power of
our Zen CPU and Vega GPU on a single chip, delivering the world's most powerful
graphics on a desktop processor, with the Ryzen desktop 2400G. Initial sales
were strong in the component channel, which contributed of the significant
Ryzen processor sales increase in the quarter. Additionally, we began shipments
of our second-generation Ryzen desktop CPUs based on our 12-nanometer Zen Plus
architecture, delivering outstanding gaming performance and best-in-class
multiprocessing leadership for gamers, creators and hardware enthusiasts. Ryzen
mobile unit shipments also ramped in the quarter ahead of OEM system launches
planned for Q2, driving double-digit increases in our mobile processor unit
shipments, both year-over-year and sequentially. Initial Acer, HP and Lenovo
platforms had strong sales in the quarter, and Dell released new notebooks and
2-in-1s in early April that further expanded our Ryzen portfolio. Additionally,
our first Ryzen PRO commercial notebooks are expected to launch in Q2. Dell, HP
and Lenovo are all planning to offer AMD-based commercial notebooks based on
the excellent performance and features of this new APU.

Overall, the number of Ryzen-based systems from OEMs
continues to grow. In Q2 alone, we expect 25 new Ryzen-based consumer and
commercial notebooks to launch, and our customers remain on track to bring a
total of 60 Ryzen-based systems to market by the end of the year.

In Graphics, we delivered strong year-over-year revenue
growth as ASP and unit shipments increased significantly. On a sequential
basis, revenue increased and we outperformed seasonality with strong Radeon
Vega and 500 series channel sales, driven by both gaming and blockchain demand.
Gaming continues to be a top priority for us, with growth being driven by the expanding
number of PC gamers and increasing demand for graphics performance to deliver
more immersive experiences. Demand for our Radeon series of graphics products
remained strong as new AAA game titles, such as Far Cry 5, were released. We
continued our investments in gaming software and released our Radeon e-sports
experience, providing a performance uplift on popular e-sports games such as
Fortnite, PUBG, Dota 2 and Overwatch. We continue to see a significant demand
for our Radeon Vega graphics family, as customers accelerate their RAMs based
on increasing availability of our high-performing GPUs, with more supply coming
to market.

In professional graphics, HP and Dell both expanded their
AMD Radeon Pro workstation portfolio offerings in the quarter, including HP's
launch of new Zbook thin and light mobile workstations powered by the AMD
Radeon Pro WX 3100.

Our machine learning strategy continues to gain momentum.
Mega data center partners are validating and testing our Radeon Instinct MI25
for deep learning applications, and we introduced our Radeon Open Compute
ecosystem, ROCm 1.7, a top-to-bottom open solution software stack for machine
learning. I'm also happy to report that our next-generation 7-nanometer Radeon
Instinct product, optimized for machine learning workloads, is running in our
labs, and we remain on track to provide samples to customers later this year.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Q1 revenue decreased year-over-year, due to lower semi-custom revenue, as expected,
based on a maturity of the current game console cycle, and increased
sequentially. In the quarter, Microsoft announced support for our
industry-leading Radeon FreeSync technology in their Xbox One S and Xbox One X
consoles, delivering stutter free gaming experiences. Server revenue increased
double-digit percentage sequentially across mega data center, OEM and channel
customers. EPYC processor unit shipments nearly doubled from the previous
quarter. We continue to grow our data center momentum with dozens of new design
wins across key workloads, including HPC, storage, virtualization and cloud
applications. Dell EMC launched 3 of their newest PowerEdge platforms, powering
virtualized storage area networks, hybrid cloud applications, dense virtualization
and big data analytics with EPYC 7,000 series processors. Recently,
supercomputing leader, Cray, announced that it added EPYC processors to its
Cray CS500 line of HPC offerings. The Cray announcement pops off a very active
quarter in HPC and big data, building on workload momentum in automotive
simulations, university clusters and health care. And multiple mega data center
customers passed key production milestones as they look to expand their
deployments of EPYC-powered instances this year.

To date, there are more than 40 EPYC-based platforms in
market, and we are actively working with OEMs, system integrators and channel
partners to increase deployment to end customers. We remain focused on
achieving mid-single-digit server unit share by the end of 2018.

Our Embedded business delivered increased revenue, unit
shipments and ASPs, year-over-year and sequentially, as we introduced 2 new
product families: the EPYC Embedded 3000 and the Ryzen Embedded V1000
processors, to enable a new class of thin clients, IoT and other Embedded
solutions.

In closing, we are extremely pleased with our first quarter
financial results and strong product execution. We believe 2018 is shaping up
to be an excellent year for AMD with continued revenue growth and margin
expansion driven by significant demand for our high-performance Ryzen, Radeon
and EPYC products. Looking forward, we are confident that we have the right
long-term strategy to deliver sustained revenue and profitability growth. The
market TAM in high-performance computing will grow to over $75 billion over the
next few years, including high-growth segments, like gaming, data center,
machine learning and artificial intelligence. We have built a strong execution
engine, and we will continue to make significant investments in hardware and
software to deliver an even more compelling roadmap for our customers in 2019
and beyond.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder, to provide
some additional color on our first quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa. Good afternoon, everyone. The first
quarter was a strong quarter for AMD. Year-over-year, we grew revenue 40%,
expended gross margin by more than 400 basis points, significantly improved net
income and earnings per share, and achieved GAAP and non-GAAP net
profitability.

Total revenue of $1.65 billion was driven by strong demand
for our new products, with Ryzen and Radeon products growing double-digit
percentage year-on-year, Ryzen sales coming in higher-than-expected, and EPYC
server processors ramping.

Gross margin was 36%, up 420 basis points year-on-year,
driven by a higher proportion of revenue from new products. Operating expenses
were $446 million compared to $371 million a year ago. Operating expenses were
27% of revenue, lower than our prior guidance of 28%, and down 4 percentage
points from 31% a year ago, as we continue to make strategic R&D
investments, launch new products and invest in our multi-generation product
roadmaps.

Operating income was $152 million, up sharply from $34
million a year ago, and operating margin was 9%, up from 3% a year ago.

Net income was $121 million, or diluted earnings of $0.11
per share as compared to a net income of $2 million a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA
was $196 million compared to $68 million a year ago and, on a trailing 12-month
basis, adjusted EBITDA was $496 million.

Now turning to the first quarter business segment results.
Computing and Graphics segment revenue was $1.12 billion, up 95% year-over-year
due to strong sales of both Radeon and Ryzen products. Our Ryzen offerings
outperformed our expectations in Q1, accounting for approximately 60% of client
processor revenue and contributed to strong sequential double-digit percentage
growth in client revenue. The strength in Radeon products was driven by both
gaming and blockchain demand. We believe blockchain was approximately 10% of
AMD revenue in Q1 2018.

Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $138
million compared to a loss of $21 million a year ago. This significant
turnaround was due to strong revenue growth and improved operating expense
leverage.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $532
million, down 12% year-over-year, with lower Semi-Custom revenue partially offset
by higher Server and Embedded revenue. As a reminder, revenue in both Q1 2018
and Q1 2017 includes Semi-Custom revenue related to quarter-end inventory,
associated with noncancelable purchase orders as required under the ASC 606
revenue accounting standard. EESC operating income was $14 million, down from
$55 million a year ago, primarily due to a licensing gain in Q1 2017 as well as
increased operating expense investments in our data center business.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $1.04 billion at the end of the quarter, down
from $1.18 billion in Q4, and up from $943 million in the year-ago quarter.
Free cash flow was negative $132 million in the first quarter. Inventory was
$715 million, up slightly from the prior quarter. Total principal debt,
including our secured revolving line of credit, was $1.7 billion. We deployed
cash to repurchase $14 million of debt in the first quarter as we continue to
reduce term debt and interest expense.

Now turning to our financial outlook. For the second quarter
of 2018, AMD expects revenue to be approximately $1.725 billion, plus or minus
$50 million. This is an increase of 50% year-over-year, driven by the growth of
Ryzen, Radeon, EPYC and Semi-Custom revenue. On a sequential basis, we expect
Q2 revenue to benefit from continued strength in our Ryzen and EPYC product
families and a seasonal increase in Semi-Custom revenue partially offset by a
modest decline in graphics due to blockchain.

As a reminder, for comparative purposes, Q2 2017 revenue was
$1.15 billion under the ASC 606 revenue accounting standard. In addition, for
Q2 2018, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 37%. Non-GAAP
operating expenses to be approximately $460 million or 27% of revenue. Non-GAAP
interest expense, taxes and other, to be approximately $35 million. And
inventory to be up slightly on a sequential basis in support of higher revenue.

Our financial progress in the first quarter is attributable
to the ongoing strength of Radeon and Ryzen products as well as continued early
contributions from our EPYC products. Our business is strong, and we look
forward to continued revenue growth, margin expansion and increased
profitability year-over-year.

Based on the strength of our business momentum for the full
year 2018, we now expect revenue to increase by mid-20% over 2017, driven by
the ramp of our new products. Blockchain revenue to be mid- to
high-single-digit percentage of revenue for 2018. Non-GAAP gross margin to be
greater than 37%.

In summary, the first quarter was excellent. We are pleased
with the momentum within our business execution and strong financial results,
which we believe lay the foundation for a strong 2018. We are focused on
delivering our long-term target financial model as we execute our monthly
generational roadmaps and introduce and ramp high-performance computing
products.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the Q&A
session. Laura?

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you very much. Appreciate that,
Devinder.

Operator, we're ready to go.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Congratulations on the strong results, especially on getting to the
double-digit top margins in your Computing and Graphics segment, it's been a
while since we saw that. For my first question, Lisa, on EPYC server sales, you
mentioned they doubled sequentially. If you could give us some sense of what
the magnitude is, so we at least have some ballpark sense on where you are
right now? But importantly, what are the remaining pushbacks from customers in
terms of what they would like to see before they adopt EPYC in a more
meaningful way? Is it just a matter of time? Is it a performance or a pricing
gap? Or what else do you need to deliver on to get EPYC to a more meaningful
level?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Vivek. Thanks for the
questions. So look, on EPYC, we did make a very nice progress in the quarter. I
think when you look at it from a revenue standpoint, it's a strong double-digit
percentage. There is -- we certainly view that the units increasing is also
very positive thing. The traction actually is across all areas. So we saw traction
in Enterprise sort of end-user deployments. We saw some channel and system
integrator deployments as well as hyperscale deployments. And our goal is to
get to mid-single-digit share by the end of this year. I think we are making
good progress towards that. What we're working with customers now is just going
through their various stages of qualifications. So they go from proof of
concept to initial deployment then to large volume deployment. And we're in
that initial deployment phase. And so I think we're making good progress, and
it is -- there are no real pushbacks other than just time going through the
classification process and working with them in their environments to make sure
that we get fully qualified.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And as a follow-up, if I look at your
server ASPs in the past, they were sort of in the $300 to $400 range, well
below what your competitor had. As you look a lot of these engagements that you
are participating in now, how should we think about pricing trends that you're
seeing in that market? Are you able to sell in a higher-value segment than you
were able to do in the past?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Vivek, I think the very strong part of
our roadmap right now is we're really playing across the entire portfolio. So
from, let's call it, the low end of the server market, the entry level, all the
way through the high-end 2-piece SKUs. So the pricing on -- that we're seeing
in the market is very reasonable. From our standpoint, they are -- we're
providing value to the customer, but they're also very accretive to the margins
of our own overall business. So yes, the pricing environment is good.

LAURA GRAVES: Thanks, Lisa.

LISA T. SU: Thanks, Vivek.

LAURA GRAVES: Next question, please.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First question on the rise in notebook effort. It
sounds like's it's really starting to hit its stride. I was hoping you could
give us a little bit more color, which segments does it seem to resonate with?
To what extent is it a commercial versus a consumer product? And do you think
that the Ryzen notebook opportunity, is it bigger than the desktop opportunity
ultimately in your minds?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Mark. So look, we -- we're making very good
progress on Ryzen. I think we're very pleased with the Q1 results and then what
we see going into Q2 in the second half. It is true that up until this quarter,
much of our progress has been in the channel and in the desktop portion of the
business. We saw a nice increase this quarter in notebooks and what it is, is
many of the OEMs are actually launching systems in Q2. And with that, we had --
they're basically building up their production for the second quarter launches.
What you're going to see in the second quarter is a number of impressive
premium consumer designs, thin and light designs that, I think, are
representative of the strength of the product. And we will also see the first
launch of the commercial systems from the top OEMs. And the expectation is that
the commercial notebooks will kick in, in the second half of the year. Q2 is
more of a consumer cycle. But overall, I think we're seeing that the notebook
OEM opportunity is a good one. We have strong design wins. The customers are
working closely with us. We're doing a lot of work with retailers and the
overall go-to-market to ensure that the notebook opportunity is important. And
notebook is larger than desktop overall.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: Okay, great. That's helpful. And a
follow-up, if I may. On EPYC, the product has been in the market for a while. I
understand that you have to go through the testing phase and then pilot
programs and initial deployments and then, hopefully, larger scale deployments.
What -- how do you think -- or how should we think about the cadence of updates
on this product? Is this a similar cadence that you would see on the desktop or
a notebook side?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Mark. So on the service side, the cadence
of deployments does tend to be longer. I think we're well into the cadence, and
so I think the EPYC work with the OEMs, you saw the culmination of that with
HPE announcing in December, and then Dell announcing in the first quarter. That
will now move over into Enterprise customers, who are then taking their systems
into their labs and doing their initial deployments. So I think the cadence is
over a number of quarters. I will say, for the first-generation EPYC, we're
seeing really nice customer interest, and it's quite broad. And so it is across
Enterprise as well as the hyperscale customers. And we view this as a
multigenerational play, so we're very excited about what EPYC can do over the
next couple of quarters. But we also believe that this is the right investment
to make with the customer set as we bring out the second generation of EPYC and
the third generation of EPYC, obviously, it would go a little bit faster
because the customer set is familiar with our system.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Devinder,
impressive year-over-year gross margin growth in the March quarter of 400 basis
points. I'm just kind of curious, clearly, Ryzen has had a positive impact. Can
help break down the 400 basis points year-on-year growth between kind of new
products and the fact that Semi-Custom sort of declined as a percent of the mix
pretty significantly from '17 to '18? And then how do we think about the
incremental margin leverage as EPYC comes in and perhaps Ryzen, too?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, a good question, John. Actually, if you
look at it from a margin standpoint year-over-year, the Semi-Custom revenue was
actually down, so that was helpful. But beyond that, if you look at the new
products, fundamentally, the new products is what's driving the margin. Ryzen,
EPYC, GPU compute retail all higher than corporate average, those are driving
the increase in the margin. As we get to the rest of the year, as you observed,
the momentum and the products are there for the new products. They're going to
go ahead and contribute to the margin increase and that's why from prior
guidance, we just updated our margin to say maybe greater than 36% the last
time, we updated it to say greater than 37% this time for the year, and that's
fundamentally all with the momentum that we have for the new products.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: That's helpful, Devinder. And Lisa, for
my follow-up. I appreciate kind of quantifying blockchain for both the first
quarter and for last year, and also, your commentary about it being -- it looks
like down sequentially, at least embedded in your June guidance. I'm just kind
of curious, just given how hard it is the track where these GPUs are really
going, how do you get a sense of what's a blockchain application versus
something else, one? And two, do you see this as a viable long-term market, or
do you believe that as this market develops, it's going to have to move from
proof of work to proof of stake, which might just negate mining altogether and
if that scenario were to play out, how worried are you about sort of secondary
cards coming back to the market and kind of hurting pricing either the second
half of this year or into 2019?

LISA T. SU: Sure, John. So look, on the blockchain, there is
a lot of discussion about this. From our standpoint, we stay very, very close
to the customer set with -- in the graphic space. And so we spend time with the
commercial miners as well as spending time with our partners. And the way we
look at this, our first priority when we look at allocation of graphics cards
is to gamers. And so that's through OEMs, that's through system integrators
that's also working with key e-tailers to make sure that they are prioritizing
the gamers segment, and we're going to continue to do that. And so that's one
piece that we know well. We also work directly with the commercial miners. And
so we see kind of what their forecasts are and they work with us. And so that's
-- that we have good visibility on. There is a piece that go through retail
that it's hard to tell whether that's gaming or mining, but we believe we have
a good sense of what that is. So it is an approximation, but we think it's a
good approximation of where we are. And then to your longer-term question, I do
think the blockchain infrastructure is here to stay. I think there are numerous
currencies, there are numerous applications that are using the blockchain
technology. We don't see a significant risk of GPU -- secondhand GPUs coming
into the market. I think what you find is that, one, there are number of
different currencies; and two, a lot of these users that are buying GPUs these
days are actually buying them for multiple use cases, both commercial and consumer.
So they're not necessarily buying just for mining. And I think for that reason,
we do think this is a different cycle. That being the case, we do see a bit of
volatility in it and that's why we are putting into our forecast for the second
quarter and the second half, a little bit lower blockchain demand but that's
more than made up for by the other new products and the way the new products
are ramping in the business.

LAURA GRAVES: Operator, next question.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from David Wong from
Wells Fargo.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD & SENIOR EQUITY TECHNOLOGY AND
SERVICES ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you give
us some idea of what your June guidance assumes in terms of sequential
microprocessor sales growth compared to discrete graphics growth?

LISA T. SU: Sure, David. So in our second quarter guidance,
we're actually assuming that Ryzen and EPYC are up, and Semi-Custom is also up
seasonally, and we expect graphics to be down modestly based on some of the
blockchain demand.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Excellent. Can you give us an update on
what new products you plan to launch through the rest of this year and next
year? And when these are scheduled to come out?

LISA T. SU: Sure. That's a lot, David, but let me say a
couple things. I think relative to our CPU business, and we are launching
additional Ryzen-based products in the second half of the year, we just
launched the second-generation Ryzen desktop in 12-nanometer. And that launch
has gone really well. I mean, we're very happy with the positioning and how
customers are reacting to that. In the second half, we'll have some commercial
systems and some other updates to our Ryzen lineup that we will launch. We have
a 7-nanometer GPU based on Vega that we'll sample later this year. We have a
7-nanometer server, a CPU that we'll sample later this year. And then
obviously, we have a number of products that are planned for 2019 as well. So
it's a very, very busy product season for us, but we're pleased with the sort
of the execution on the product roadmap.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: First around OpEx, are you still looking
for a 28% of revenue for the full year on a higher revenue base? And given that
-- if that's your -- what areas are kind of key for investment then as we get
through the rest of the year and going forward?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, let me take that, and then Lisa can
add. So yes, we are targeting 28%. As you see, Stacy, we have a long-term
target model of 26% to 30%. The year has started out well, we came in at 27% in
Q1, and targeting around the same for Q2. But we do -- we are still in
investment mode, and obviously, investing in R&D and the product roadmap.
And Lisa can maybe add some of the details in terms of where we're investing in
terms of OpEx.

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, Stacy. So I think from the investment
side, certainly we're investing in R&D on the CPU and the GPU side, but a
key focus for us is in software, and particularly, machine learning software. I
think there's a high demand of people wanting to use our GPUs in the compute
space, and so we're increasing our investments in software around machine learning.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. For my follow-up, I had a
question on the ASC 606. I know last quarter, you kind of gave some historicals
for how that was a headwind versus a tailwind versus what would have been
normal seasonality, particularly in Semi-Custom. Is the ASC 606 into Q2, is
that a headwind or tailwind on the guide? And how should we think about that as
we go through the second half as well versus what we would have seen without
the accounting change?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Fundamentally, ASC 606, from a revenue
standpoint, what happens is the seasonality and the profile of the Semi-Custom
revenue changes. Some of the revenue that we used to get in the second half
moved to the first half, so I would say, it's a little bit more balanced
between the first half and the second half, as opposed to the peak revenue we
used to see in Q3. So that is the primary effect on the profile of the revenue,
not necessarily the annual revenue. ASC 606 has started earning a significant
impact on our annual revenue, it's more of the profile of the revenue within
the quarters. As far as impact is concerned, if you're comparing
year-over-year, for example, in Q1 of 2018, Semi-Custom was down because we had
more revenue in Q1 of 2017. And then Q2, it is slightly up but very balanced
from where we see it from an overall standpoint.

STACY AARON RASGON: So last year in Q2, it was like -- I
forget how much, like a $75 million headwind versus what would have been
otherwise? Is it a similar amount of headwind this time in Q2? Or is it less?
Or is it a tailwind?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I wouldn't -- I would say that it was a
headwind last year. This year, from an overall standpoint, if I compare
year-over-year, it is up slightly from where we were in Q2 of 2018. So if
you're comparing Q2 '17 to Q2 '18, it's a benefit the revenue in Q2 of 2018 in
our guide.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Timothy
Arcuri from UBS.

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI, MD AND HEAD OF SEMICONDUCTORS &
SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I had 2. I'm
curious about your comments just now on blockchain, and I'm a little surprised
to hear that you think that there would be limited risk that, that product
would come back into the market. Can you, again, go over why you think that is?
Because you're selling more of a general SKU, right? And then I guess, also,
how you handicap the potential for there to be some ASP effect on that too? I
know you've captured some of the rising ASPs in the channel, so how do you
handicap that looking out throughout the rest of the year?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Tim. So look, when you look at
-- I think most people are comparing this sort of -- this blockchain time
period to the last one, which is a couple of years ago. And I think there are a
couple of important differences. I think the first one is that there are
multiple currencies and multiple applications that are being used. And what
we've seen is that people who are mining do go from one currency to another
depending on what's happening. We're also seeing that many users on both the
commercial and consumer side are actually buying GPUs for multiple use cases.
And from that standpoint, again, we see that there is good demand for, not just
blockchain, but for gaming, for the cloud and for those things as well. And so
I think it's a balanced assessment of where we are. I think the breadth of the
blockchain applications and also the breadth of the customer base give us that
belief. Now as you go forward, there's also a -- when we look at the Graphics business
go forward minus blockchain, we actually see a very good environment. We see a
good environment for gaming growing, we see a good environment for GPU compute
growing. And frankly, on the gaming side, some of those users have not been
able to get access to GPUs and so, again, that's -- those are all positives as
we go forward. And then you had a second question, Tim?

TIMOTHY MICHAEL ARCURI: I did, yes. I think you said the
7-nanometer product is in the lab, and it's going to launch later this year? That's
the product at TSMC, correct? And I guess, I'm just wondering on that front, do
you feel comfortable that you can get capacity from that vendor?

LISA T. SU: So our foundry strategy is to use both TSMC and
GLOBALFOUNDRIES on the first 7-nanometer product. We are using TSMC for that
product, and we have a very strong relationship with them. And so we do see a
good momentum on it from what we see, and I'm not concerned about capacity.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Harlan Sur
from JPMorgan.

HARLAN SUR, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a follow-up on the Semi-Custom business. On the June
quarter guide, you mentioned sequential growth in Semi-Custom. But if I look at
your ASC 606 reconciliations for last year, it looks like the Semi-Custom
business was actually down double-digits percentage point sequentially going
from Q1 to Q2? So like-for-like on their 606, why are there different shipment
profiles this year, Q1 to Q2?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I can explain that. So in Q1 of '17,
there was a strategic buy of wafers that we did in Q1 '17, so it had a bigger
impact in Q1 '17 and then the effect caught up in Q2. So the impact Q1 to Q2
was significant. This year, it's more balanced. And from that standpoint, when
you compare year-over-year, Q1 to Q1, it's down, but Q2 to Q2, it's up. So
there was a different profile in Q1 '17 just based on the way the wafers were
purchased in '17 versus the way in '18, where it's a little bit more balanced.

HARLAN SUR: Great. Question for Lisa. Embedded solutions
contributed to the year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter growth in EESC, I
think that this is kind of an often overlooked part of the business because
Embedded is nice because it gives you guys exposure to kind of a diverse set of
their market applications. Can you just help us understand where the team is
seeing good demand traction in Embedded? And maybe give us a rough idea on kind
of overall revenue contribution to EESC?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Harlan. So Embedded is a nice segment,
you're absolutely right. I think it's a margin-accretive segment to us. The end
markets that we ship into, there are thin clients, they are places where you
need graphics for displays, so there's some Embedded displays that we ship into
there. It's still a small business for us, but we actually believe, in addition
to the goodness around Ryzen and EPYC, when we launch those products, Ryzen and
EPYC Embedded, we actually saw very strong interest from customers. And so we
think as the product strength in our PC and our server business increased, they
will also help that Embedded solutions business overall. So I would think it's
still a small piece of the business, but we believe it will be a nice growing
margin accretive portion of the business over the next couple of years.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Srini Pajjuri
from Macquarie.

SRINIVAS REDDY PAJJURI, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH:
Lisa, question on the ASPs. I think you said the ASPs went up because of the
Ryzen mix improving. Can you give us some more color as to where Ryzen is, in
terms of the mix? And then with Ryzen 2, do you expect that to be accretive to
ASPs and margins?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So in terms of the client business, we saw
units up overall. We saw ASPs up overall, and they were up in both desktop and
mobile. And when you look underneath that, I think, what -- the main thing is
we're seeing a larger mix of the business become Ryzen. So in the fourth
quarter, we had stated that the Ryzen mix of the client business was kind of in
the low 40s. And so we had in notebook a lot of legacy product that we're still
shipping, and in desktop, we had some legacy product that we're still shipping.
As we move over to the first quarter, the notebook mix has mixed nicely into
Ryzen, and the desktop is now mixed very nicely into Ryzen as well. So overall,
that's what led to the ASP increase. I think the second generation Ryzen is a
very, very good product. I think it's -- it actually -- when you look at the
first generation Ryzen, we were very good on multithreaded performance, but
there were some detractors around single threaded and gaming performance. I
think the second generation Ryzen is actually much more competitive on gaming
performance. So we do see an opportunity for that to help us increase share in
the desktop business, and certainly, that would be accretive to margin.

SRINIVAS REDDY PAJJURI: Great. And then one question on the
server business. I guess, your target is to get to a mid-single-digit share by
end of this year, which is a fairly gradual ramp. I'm just curious as to when
you expect the 7-nanometer part to be available in the market? And when that
happens, do you see an inflection to your share gains or do you continue you
expect gradual share gains?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So all of the sales this year will be
around of the current generation of Ryzen, and so that gets us to the
mid-single-digit share. 7-nanometer Zen 2-based product we'll sample later this
year to customers and that will be in production in 2019, and we do believe
that the adoption rate of the second generation could potentially be higher
than the adoption rate of the first generation, mostly because customers will
be more familiar with our systems and our products. And so we'll see how it
goes, but we certainly -- our overall goals are ambitious in the server space.
And so this year, its first generation Ryzen, next year, we'll mix in the
7-nanometer, second-generation -- I'm sorry, first generation EPYC. And next
year, we'll mix in the second generation of the EPYC products.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Toshiya
Hari from Goldman Sachs.

TOSHIYA HARI, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: My first question's on the competitive landscape in the AI space. I
was just wondering how you're thinking about your positioning relative not only
on your biggest competitor there, NVIDIA, but also new entrants that
potentially can be working on custom solutions? And then I have a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So the AI market is certainly growing
very, very fast. Relative to the competitive landscape, we are a new entrant. I
think our GPU compute hardware is very good. I think we have a strong roadmap
that we are -- we're putting in place for that. I think on the software side,
we have more work to do, and we're making significant investments in some of
the machine learning frameworks, such as Tensor Flow and Caffe, and some of
these key frameworks, to ensure that we make it easier to adopt our solutions.
But we see this is a multiyear, really, opportunity for us. So GPU compute will
continue to be a focus area for us. We think we can be very competitive and
we're going to continue to invest in this area. As it relates to, let's call
it, non-GPU solutions, I think there will -- the landscape says there will be
some ASIC solutions in the marketplace, but I view that as complementary to the
GPU solutions and, from that standpoint, I think we have the CPUs, we have
GPUs, and then we have the ability to connect heterogeneously to these other
elements. So yes, from our standpoint again, we see this as a market that very
much fits our capability, and we will continue to invest in it.

TOSHIYA HARI: Got it. And then my follow-up's on the
upcoming shareholder meeting. And then one of the proposals is to increase the
authorized share authorization by about 700 million shares. Obviously, my
understanding is that, that wouldn't be dilutive initially, but just wondering
how you're thinking about potential uses of those -- that share is?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So you're correct. There is a proposal in
the -- at the shareholder meeting. It is not going to be dilutive to begin
with, and it's really good housekeeping. We don't have any particular plans at
this point.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you. Next question.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Ambrish
Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, MD OF SEMICONDUCTOR RESEARCH &
SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: I have 2
questions. One was just a follow-up to what, Lisa, you were talking about on
the machine learning side. When do we see -- or so just give us an update of
where you are in traction and should we expect any meaningful revenues on that
front from AMD in this year?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think last year, we announced a partnership
with Baidu to do software optimizations of -- for machine learning. And we have
several other partnerships with others in this area. So there's a lot of
interest. I think the time for meaningful revenue, we will see some revenue in
the second half of the year and that's part of the growth in the margin
expansion story. And I think into 2019 and 2020, this will be continue an area
of growth for us.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: Okay. And then for my follow-up, just
getting back to the discrete graphics in the quarter reported. The channel was
really dry heading into the first quarter. So where are we on the channel
inventory? And is there any way for you to help us understand how much of the
growth was driven by the buildup in the channel in the March quarter?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so the channel inventory did -- the channel
inventory was at very, very low levels going into the quarter, and frankly, it
was hard to get the GPU -- it was hard to get GPUs. I think if you look now on
typical retailer/e-tailer sites, the channel inventory is good. And I think
there was an element of channel replenishment, but from what we see of
inventory levels today, they're, I would say, normal.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: And what is the normal level, Lisa, in
terms of weeks?

LISA T. SU: Maybe somewhere between 4 and 5 weeks.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, a couple questions. Can you comment
qualitatively about the competitive dynamic that you're seeing in
microprocessors? And as a second question, can you give us an update on
Spectre, in terms of the impact it's had on the business going forward?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Hans. So on the microprocessor side, I
think, with the competitive landscape, as we see it, Ryzen and EPYC are very
competitive. And we've seen that in head-to-head design opportunities. I think
from a CPU standpoint, we're very pleased with that. I think second generation Ryzen
in 12-nanometer actually improves the overall performance, and so we like how
that positions us on the PC side. I think as we look forward, and I think this
is important, we believe that the 7-nanometer capability of The Foundry
ecosystem is very good, and that puts us in a good competitive spot from a
manufacturing standpoint. And then on the design side, obviously, we have
things that we're planning. And so I see the competitive environment as one
that is as good, and we're going to work very hard to make sure that it gets
better over time. Obviously, we take the competition very seriously. Oh, yes,
and the second question -- sorry, about that, Hans -- on Spectre. We have spent
a good amount of time with our customer set to make sure that they're fully
protected on Spectre. We've actually released a number of software mitigations
already to our OEM customers and to our partners. They're in the process of
deploying. So I think it took a lot of energy, certainly, we spent a lot of
time on it and our customer set spent time on it. But we don't see any
long-term effects. It's more that we want to make sure to get the work done
quickly, and that's been our focus.

LAURA GRAVES: Thanks, Lisa. Thanks, Hans. Operator, we have
time for 2 more questions, please.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis
from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I wanted to ask you, I think you
mentioned double-digit sequential growth in the CT business. I was just kind of
curious what stage you're on in terms of channel fill for Ryzen Mobile
business? And then I have one more follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we did, and as I mentioned, have some
mobile product shipped ahead of OEM system launches in the second quarter. But
we see this really as the beginning of the Ryzen ramp. So my expectation is
that the client or the Ryzen portion of our business will be up in the second
quarter and it will be up in the second half. And so it's the beginning of the
notebook ramp.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: And I wanted to ask just on the OpEx
side, Devinder. Just in terms of licensing gains that have been OpEx offset, do
you expect any of those gains this year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think there could be, but it's hard to
tell because it's kind of dependent upon the milestone that come into play.
There was the OpEx offset last year that got reversed, but we'll see it when it
happens from a milestone standpoint.

LISA T. SU: I think, Blayne, just as a point of
clarification on this point. From an IP standpoint, we're not forecasting IP
either here in the second quarter or into the second half. I think as Devinder
said, we do have some IP arrangements that we're working on, and depending on
when those milestones complete, we will then sort of forecast it into the
business.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Gus
Richard from Northland.

AUGUSTE PHILIP RICHARD, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
NORTHLAND CAPITAL MARKETS, RESEARCH DIVISION: Real, real quickly, can you just
tell me if the 12-nanometer is a die shrink or just performance improvement?

LISA T. SU: It is -- yes, Gus, it is primarily performance
improvement, and it is some design improvements. So you see some of the latency
improvements and so on. It is not a die shrink.

OPERATOR: We reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I'd like to turn the floor back over for any further or closing
comments.

LAURA GRAVES: That's it for our call for today. We thank you
very much for joining us. Look forward to seeing you at the Morgan Stanley
conference and at the Cowan conference. And as always, we thank you for your
support of AMD.

OPERATOR: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does
conclude tonight's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time,
and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042518a11479224.724










 EXECUTIVES (93%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (78%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (77%); SOCIAL MEDIA (62%); TRENDS (61%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (98%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (69%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (69%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (98%); AMD (FRA) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%);
TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM
(LSE) (84%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH
THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS,
DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%);
SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
(84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE
COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES
(69%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110
PENSION FUNDS (69%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%); SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); MEDIA & TELECOMMUNICATIONS (79%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (77%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (77%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%);
INTERNET & WWW (75%); WEBSITES (67%); SOCIAL MEDIA (62%)










 LISA SU (93%); MICHAEL A ARCURI (70%)










 April 30, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
30, 2018 Tuesday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 8251 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura Graves

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - MD of Semiconductor
Research & Senior Research Analyst

* Brett William Simpson

Arete Research Services LLP - Senior Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Equity Technology and Services Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Srinivas Reddy Pajjuri

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Tristan Gerra

Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division -
MD and Senior Research Analyst

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) It is now
my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves. Please go ahead, Laura.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you very much, and welcome to AMD's
Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2017 Conference Call. By now you should have had
the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary
and slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on the
Investor Relations page of AMD's website, 

.

Participants on today's conference call are Dr. Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on our website.

I would like to highlight a couple of important dates for
you. Dr. Lisa Su will present at the Morgan Stanley Technology Media and
Telecom Conference on February 26, and our first quarter quiet time will begin
at the close of business on Friday, March 16, 2018.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs

(technical difficulty)

assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

Additionally, please note that we will be referring to
non-GAAP financials during this call, except for revenue and segment
operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures
referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure in the press release and CFO commentary, again, both posted on our
website.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You'll also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC
and in particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 30, 2017.

Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. Three years ago, we set out a strategic plan to reshape AMD
to become a high-performance computing leader through great products, deep
customer relationships and a simplified and focused business strategy. 2017
marked a key product and financial inflection point for AMD. Our newest wave of
high-performance products and consistent execution created significant momentum
for our business over the last year. Fourth quarter revenue of $1.48 billion
grew 34% from the year-ago period, and we significantly expanded our gross
margin and improved profitability. For the full year, we increased annual
revenue by over $1 billion, resulting in 25% annual revenue growth. We expanded
gross margin and achieved full year profitability.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment in the
quarter, we delivered very strong Q4 results as we continued the ramp of our
Ryzen CPU and Radeon Vega GPU products. Computing and Graphics segment revenue
increased 60%, and we significantly improved operating income from a year ago.

Client computing revenue increased both year-over-year and
sequentially. We outperformed seasonality in Q4, driving strong double-digit
sequential revenue and unit growth based on very strong sellout of Ryzen
processors throughout the holiday season. We expanded our Ryzen CPU family
further into the consumer market with the introduction of the AMD Ryzen Mobile
processor with Radeon Vega graphics, combining the power of our Zen CPU and
Vega GPU architectures into the fastest processor in the industry for
ultra-thin notebooks. Ryzen Mobile-based notebooks are currently available from
Acer, HP and Lenovo with multiple new systems expected from all top 5 PC
manufacturers in the first half of this year.

In graphics, we delivered our second straight quarter of
record GPU revenue with significantly improved ASP and increased unit sales
from a year ago, driven by strength across our entire graphics product
portfolio. We saw strong demand for our Polaris products across both the gaming
and blockchain markets, and Radeon Vega GPU revenue more than doubled from the
prior quarter driven by strong gaming demand in the add-in-board channel as
well as strength with strategic OEMs.

Apple launched the new iMac Pro, the most powerful Mac ever
made, featuring AMD's Radeon Pro Vega product in the quarter. We also began
shipments of a new semi-custom GPU that is integrated into an Intel multi-chip
processor package. This semi-custom product opens up a complementary market for
our high-performance graphics products and expands the power of Radeon graphics
to more gamers and premium PC buyers.

Our professional graphics business had its best quarter ever
based on growing data center sales highlighted by strong Radeon Instinct MI25
sales to a major cloud provider. For the full year, Computing and Graphics
segment revenue increased 54% over the prior year as we launched more than 40
new high-performance CPUs and GPUs.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue increased 3% from a year ago driven by the ramp of our EPYC processors.
Q4 server revenue and unit shipments increased sequentially and from a year ago
as the market continues to qualify and deploy our family of high-performance
EPYC processors. We closed dozens of new server deals in the quarter, securing
key design wins with education, financial services and hosting companies.

We also had several key announcements in the quarter as we
continued to see a steady drumbeat of adoption. Microsoft Azure became the
first public cloud instance powered by AMD with their L-series of virtual
machines for storage-optimized workloads. Hewlett-Packard Enterprise began
volume shipments of the EPYC-based ProLiant DL385 Gen10 server, which recently
set world records for floating point performance. Baidu deployed AMD FX
single-socket platforms into their data centers to power AI, Big Data and cloud
computing services. And Dell EMC has completed the qualification phase for
their EPYC-based systems and will be sharing more on launch plans shortly.

Our reentry into the server market remains on track with a
steady ramp of new platforms and deployments across our OEM and hyperscale data
center customers. Our semi-custom business performed as expected in the quarter
as unit shipments declined from a year ago as we completed the fifth year of
the current game console cycle.

Before I close, I'd like to address the recent important
security issues facing our industry. Security is and always has been a
fundamental focus for AMD across all our products. We are vigilant about
security in both our product design and throughout the product life cycle. As
new exploits arise like we have seen with Spectre and Meltdown, we are
dedicated to responding with speed and focus to keep our customers and partners
informed and protected. As a reminder, we believe Meltdown is not apropos to
AMD processors.

For Spectre variant 1, we continue actively working with our
ecosystem partners on mitigations, including operating system patches that have
begun to roll out. We continue to believe that variant 2 of Spectre is
difficult to exploit on AMD processors. However, we are deploying CPU microcode
patches that, in combination with OS updates, provide additional mitigation
steps.

Longer term, we have included changes in our future
processor cores starting with our Zen 2 design to further address potential
Spectre-like exploits. We continue to collaborate closely with the industry on
these vulnerabilities and are committed to protecting AMD users from these and
other security threats as they arise.

In summary, we are very pleased with our quarterly and full
year results. We made significant progress in 2017 as we completely reshaped
AMD's product portfolio and launched a highly competitive set of new products.
In 2018, we expect to increase our momentum with the next wave of premium
products and expanded go-to-market activities to increase our market penetration.

In the client market, we will expand our Ryzen portfolio
with new product launches, including: AMD Ryzen desktop processor with Radeon
Vega graphics, which is expected to deliver the industry's highest performance
graphics engine in a desktop processor; our second-generation Ryzen desktop CPU
based on our higher-performance 12-nanometer Zen Plus architecture; and for
business notebooks, our AMD Ryzen PRO Mobile processors with Radeon Vega
graphics.

We are also expanding our go-to-market activities with our
OEM and retail partners, and we expect to launch more than 60 new Ryzen OEM
systems throughout 2018. In graphics, the launch of Radeon Vega Mobile products
will expand our Radeon Vega lineup into high-end notebooks. Later this year, we
plan to sample our first 7-nanometer Vega GPU optimized for machine learning.
In addition, we will continue increasing our software investments around
machine learning to address the growing demand for an open ecosystem in the GPU
compute space.

In the server market, we will continue to work closely with
major cloud vendors and OEMs to ramp their first-generation EPYC-based systems
while also completing key development milestones on our next-generation Zen
2-based server platforms. Our Zen 2 design is now complete, and we will be
sampling to our customers later this year.

2018 is clearly a defining year for the ramp of our server
business, and we remain focused on our goal of achieving double-digit market
share in this important market segment. 2017 laid a solid foundation with
strong financial results and significant progress towards achieving our
long-term goals. I am even more excited about 2018 as we continue our journey
to position AMD as one of the premier long-term growth companies in the tech
industry.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our fourth quarter financial performance. Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. 2017 was a
pivotal year for AMD. We grew annual revenue 25% over 2016 with revenue growth
increasing every quarter on a year-over-year basis, culminating in growth of
34% in the fourth quarter of 2017. In addition, we expanded gross margin by 3
percentage points and achieved GAAP profitability for the year.

Computing and Graphics annual revenue grew 54% in 2017,
while Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-custom annual revenue was flat. Both
segments posted operating profits for the year, and it is particularly noteworthy
that the Computing and Graphics segment was profitable for the first time in 6
years. Based on the overall strength of the business and our new
high-performance products, we have set a strong foundation for achieving our
long-term financial model.

Now let me turn to our results for the fourth quarter of
2017. Total revenue of $1.48 billion grew 34% year-over-year, driven by strong
Radeon and Ryzen product demand. On a sequential basis, revenue declined 10%,
better than expected, driven by seasonally lower semi-custom sales and
partially offset by strong demand for new CPU and GPU products. Gross margin
was 35%, expanding 3 percentage points year-over-year, primarily due to a
larger portion of revenue coming from Computing and Graphics, driven by our new
high-performance products.

Operating expenses were $412 million compared to $357
million a year ago. The increase was driven primarily by R&D and new
product go-to-market investments, partially offset by an R&D credit related
to a technology development agreement. Operating income was $103 million, up
significantly from $26 million a year ago, and operating margin was 7%, up from
2% a year ago.

AMD received a onetime tax credit of $18 million as a result
of U.S. corporate tax reform, which resulted in a net tax benefit of $8 million
in the quarter. Net income was $88 million, or diluted earnings per share of
$0.08, as compared to a net loss of $8 million or $0.01 per share in the
year-ago period. Adjusted EBITDA was $142 million compared to $60 million a year
ago, and adjusted EBITDA for 2017 was $445 million.

Now turning to fourth quarter business segment results.
Computing and Graphics segment revenue was $958 million, up 60% year-over-year
due to strong sales of our Radeon graphics and Ryzen desktop processors.
Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $85 million compared to a
loss of $21 million a year ago. The strong improvement was due to higher
revenue.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $522
million, up 3% year-over-year, driven by server revenue. Operating income was
$19 million, down from $47 million a year ago, primarily due to the absence of
a licensing gain and ongoing R&D investments, partially offset by the
benefit from a richer product mix.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash and cash equivalents
totaled $1.18 billion at the end of the quarter, up from $879 million in Q3 due
to significantly higher cash flow from operations. Inventory was $739 million,
down slightly from the prior year and down 7% from the prior quarter. Total
principal debt, including our secured revolving line of credit, was $1.7
billion.

In the fourth quarter, we deployed cash to repurchase $38
million of long-term principal debt resulting in a total reduction of long-term
debt of $138 million in 2017. Our gross leverage ratio has improvement from 10x
in 2016 to 3.8x at the end of 2017.

Free cash flow was $339 million, up sharply from $32 million
in the prior quarter. Q4 is typically our strongest cash flow quarter, and for
the year, free cash flow was $45 million negative due to increased working
capital in support of higher revenue.

Before we turn to guidance, I want to highlight that we are
adopting the new revenue recognition accounting standard effective 2018. We are
adopting this standard under the full retrospective method, which we believe is
most helpful to our investors. For the full year 2017, the impact of the
accounting change to revenue was immaterial, and we expect the impact to be
immaterial on 2018 annual revenue.

For the first quarter 2018, AMD expects revenue to be
approximately $1.55 billion, plus or minus $50 million, an increase of 32%
year-over-year, primarily driven by the strength of the ramp of Ryzen GPU and
EPYC products. For comparative purposes, under the new accounting method, Q1
'17 restated revenue was $1.18 billion and Q4 2017 restated revenue was $1.34
billion. In addition, for Q1 2018, we expect non-GAAP gross margin to be
approximately 36%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $435 million
or approximately 28% of revenue; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and other to
be approximately $30 million; and inventory to be up sequentially in support of
higher revenue.

For 2018, we expect double-digit percentage growth in annual
revenue, greater than 36% non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses to
be approximately 28% of revenue. In addition, we expect a tax rate of
approximately 10% of pretax income for 2018.

In summary, we made significant progress in 2017. We are
pleased with the momentum in our business and delivered outstanding top line
revenue growth, margin expansion and achieved profitability for the year. We
continue to make strong progress towards our long-term target financial model,
and our goal in 2018 is to deliver significant revenue growth and increase
profitability as we continue to invest in our multi-generational
high-performance product road maps.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the
question-and-answer session. Laura?

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready for
our first question.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Hans Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you please give us the puts and takes
for the Q1 guide? There are lots of moving parts, and so I think that would be
helpful.

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Hans. Thanks for the question.
So our Q1 revenue guidance was up 32% year-on-year, and if you take a look at
that, it's actually significantly better than our typical seasonality.
Primarily, that's due to the new product strength. So we see GPUs, Ryzen and
EPYC, all up in Q1, and that's contributing to the strong guidance. We do
expect that the semi-custom business will be down in Q1 relative to the first
quarter of 2017 just due to the fact that we're in the sixth year of the cycle.
So if you actually take the new product strength, the guidance is actually over
32% year-on-year.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN: Okay. And then the seasonality of
semi-custom will continue to be weaker on a year-over-year basis for the rest
of the year. Is that the way to model that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So what you should be -- expect with
semi-custom is, on a full year basis, the revenue will be likely down compared
to 2017 just due to where we are in the cycle, and units will be down. There
will be a bit of an adjustment to the seasonality as we move over to the new
accounting regulations with 606, and so we'll see, let's call it, a bit more
revenue in the first half and a bit less revenue in the second half. So for the
year, it is very similar, and then we'll see a little bit of shift in the
quarterly profile. But again, back to the -- your question -- your initial
question on the Q1 revenue guidance, it is really driven by new product
strength.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from David Wong from
Wells Fargo.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD & SENIOR EQUITY TECHNOLOGY AND
SERVICES ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Following on
from your answer to Hans' question, Lisa, can you give us some feel for the
revenue, the new product momentum in terms of sales in the fourth quarter '17?
And in particular, any numbers on Ryzen, EPYC or Vega? Absolute sales dollars
or sequential growth in Q4 would be helpful.

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, David. So we had a very strong
Q4. If you look at the overall business, it was up 34% year-on-year. If you
look underneath that, the Computing and Graphics business was very strong. So
we saw 17% sequential growth, significantly better than seasonality. That was
up on client, particularly Ryzen desktop, had a very strong holiday. We also
started initial shipments on Ryzen Mobile. And then on the graphics side, we
saw strength in all product lines, so we saw strength in the channel for both
gaming as well as blockchain. We saw strength in OEMs as we ramped Apple with
our Vega processors. We also saw strength in professional graphics as we
launched some GPU compute into the data center. So overall, those were the puts
and takes. Semi-custom was down sequentially, and again, that's as expected
given the typical seasonality of the semi-custom business.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: And Devinder, it might have been nested
in what you -- your prepared remarks. But do you expect your net debt will grow
in the seasonally weak first half of 2018? And if so, how much might net debt
go up?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Net debt, when you say net debt, just
explain that, David. What do you mean by that?

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: Well, debt minus cash. Presumably, well,
do your cash balances fall during the first half of the year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: The debt levels came down in 2017 because we
did repurchase some of the long-term principal debt to the tune of $134
million. And in the guidance we provided, we said that 2018 would be free cash
flow positive. So if anything, I guess, the net debt, as you look at it, would
come down as we get to the second half of 2018.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: But any help in the first half? What
happens to the net debt in the first half?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Typically, we invest in the business. As you
saw in the guidance, I expect inventory to be up in Q1. And obviously, with the
strength of the business momentum that Lisa just talked about, we're prepared
to go ahead and purchase product, a way for us to go ahead and fund the
business.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I was hoping you could give us a little more
color on EPYC. Are we starting to get past pilot programs now and getting
deployed into production environments? And can you give us a sense of the take
of EPYC in the cloud versus enterprise?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Mark. So well, we are pleased
with where we are with EPYC. We think we've made a very nice progress as in the
fourth quarter. We announced that the large OEMs are now qualified and starting
to ship to end customers. And so we have seen some very nice design wins in
sales at some marquee end customers. If you look across education, financial
services and the hosting business, those are looking good. On the cloud side,
we have publicly talked about Microsoft Azure as well as Baidu adopting EPYC in
their cloud of environments. We are working with a number of the other cloud
players to adopt EPYC, and we're working on some of the optimizations required
there. So overall, we're very pleased with the momentum. I think we always knew
that there was a qualification cycle to go through, but we've gotten through
some of the major qualifications here in the fourth quarter and especially as
we looked in December, we actually closed a number of new deals with the
platforms being available for sale.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: That's helpful. And then on the C&G
side, very impressive growth. Can you give us a sense of to what extent that
growth was driven by Ryzen products versus Radeon? And then on the Radeon side,
can you give us a sense of what blockchain was to the contribution and how you're
viewing the sustainability of that? It seems like it's getting consistently
strong. So appreciate any updates on your view on that segment.

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Mark. So look, on the Computing
and Graphics segment, we grew about $140 million sequentially, and if I look at
that growth, it was across Ryzen and Radeon. If you look at blockchain in
particular, our estimates are that it was about 1/3 of the growth, 1/3 of the
$140 million, and then the rest of the 2/3 are around the GPUs -- the other segments
of GPUs and Ryzen. When I look going forward, clearly, blockchain is a little
bit of a fluid and dynamic market. We did see some strength as we went into
December. We see strength as we're going into the first quarter. I'm sure many
of you have seen that the graphics channel is very low, and we're certainly
working to replenish that channel environment. So we think that graphics in
general is going to be strong into the first half, and that's some of what's
contributing to our strong Q1 guidance. But overall, my comments are we're
seeing nice momentum across Ryzen and all of the GPU segments, which is
important for us as we go into 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Stacy Rasgon from
Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: My first is on gross margin. Can you give
us a feeling -- do you expect Q1 to be the trough for gross margins through the
year given you're guiding in line to maybe a little above for the year, where
you're guiding Q1? And can you give us some feeling on the puts and takes of
gross margins as we go through the year, particularly around things like
business mix, lower seasonality and lower growth on semi-custom versus some of
the new products for example?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. Stacy, I can take that, and then Lisa
maybe can add. As we start the year, as Lisa said, we do see momentum from the
new products, the Ryzen, the GPUs and EPYC, and the margin is up on a
sequential basis. We're starting off the year at 36%. We previously said that,
for 2018, we expect margin to be greater than 36%, so it is a good start to the
year, starting off well with a 36% guide. Obviously, the new products are
having benefit then. And then the one thing I will add from what Lisa said
earlier, in particular with the semi-custom business timing, is there is some
incremental semi-custom revenue that gets recognized in Q1 as compared to the
past from a timing in the year standpoint. But overall, I think the 36% is
where we are starting off in Q1 and very pleased with that.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Stacy, the only...

STACY AARON RASGON: So you do believe Q...

LISA T. SU: Sorry, go ahead.

STACY AARON RASGON: I was just saying, so you do believe Q1
is probably a trough in terms of gross margins?

LISA T. SU: Clearly, Stacy, the first half of the year is
usually the weaker half of our business because we are a consumer-led business.
So as we -- starting off with 36% margin in Q1 is a good start. And we do
expect that the new products will continue to ramp as we go through 2018. So I
think that's how we view the puts and takes going forward.

STACY AARON RASGON: For my follow-up, I know your
competitors saw some unusual strength in the enterprise market and enterprise
spending in Q4. I understand your exposure at this point to those enterprise
wins is certainly less. But what are you seeing in terms of enterprise ramp?
Are you seeing anything unusual or more or less sustainable in terms of
strength versus what you'd ordinarily expect to see this time of the year?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Stacy. I think your question is about the
market, and our market share is still relatively low. So our exposure with EPYC
is there's a lot of activity, so there's a significant amount of activity with
customers, both in all segments, cloud and enterprise. Although I wouldn't say
that, that's necessarily a market trend. I would say that's sort of where we
are with our EPYC qualifications and ramp. And so we don't see -- for example,
we don't see that Q4 was especially strong, and there will be a drop-off in Q1.
In fact, we expect that EPYC should grow as we go through Q1 and the rest of
2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vivek Arya from
Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
For my first one, just a clarification. I know it's been off a few times. But
what would your Q1 sales and gross margin outlook have been under the older
accounting methodology?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Vivek, we're adopting the new revenue
accounting standard under what is the full retrospective method because we
believe this is most helpful to the investors, and for good measure, we have
provided the Q1 '17 and Q4 '17 on a restated -- we restated the revenue and
obviously, the Q1 2018 guidance under 606. We will publish the restated numbers
as part of our 10-K. And from a Q1 2018 standpoint, if you look at the numbers,
let's say, you compare to Q4 '17 on a seasonal -- on a sequential basis, the
revenue is up quarter-on-quarter, and largely that's the strength of the new
products in Q1 2018.

VIVEK ARYA: All right. I ask that -- you're starting the
year at a very strong 30%-plus base, and you're saying double-digit growth for
the year. And double digit is a very, very wide range. So Lisa, could you help
us at least get some level set of what double-digit growth means for the year?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we are starting the year strong, Vivek.
I think maybe to give you a little bit more color on your question as it
relates to the Q1 guidance. We are -- as Devinder said, we are giving all
guidance and forward-looking comments on 606. However, the largest impact,
particularly as it relates to revenue, is really sort of the semi-custom
business. As you know, our custom business is a little bit unique because it's
a singular customer, and so under the new revenue recognition rules, we would
actually take revenue with non-cancelable POs. So that impact in the first
quarter sort of guidance would have been about, let's call it, $100 million or
about thereabouts. And so that might help you calibrate where we are. I think
the -- any way you look at it, the new product strength is the most important
factor, but we also want to be clear on what the accounting rule impact would
be. Does that help you, Vivek?

VIVEK ARYA: Yes, Lisa, very helpful. And for my follow-up,
traditionally, there has been a very large price delta between in your and
Intel product, sometimes 50%, 60% plus on PCs and servers. As you look ahead
with the new products, are you starting to see some of that price conversion?
Like, are you being positioned in segments where you had not been previously,
so you can get the benefit of much better ASPs than you've had historically?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Vivek, absolutely. So if we look at 2017
full year and look at our ASPs in the client business, the graphics business
and the server business, albeit it's early, we are definitely seeing a
significant ASP expansion as a result of the fact that our products are now
covering the higher end of the market. So we're competing very well in the
higher end of the market. I expect that there's still a delta, but that delta
is converging given our product coverage.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, while
the year-over-year gross margin improvement has been strong both in the
calendar sort of third quarter, fourth quarter and now on the guide in the
first quarter, the sequential gross margin leverage is perhaps a little bit
less than I would have thought, especially as you move into Q4 and Q1 and
semi-custom comes down. Now I know there's been sort of a lag effect as Ryzen
grows as a percent of the mix, but maybe you can help me understand where we
are as far as Ryzen as a percent of the mix being a positive influence on gross
margin. And then just relative to your long-term gross margin target of 40% to
44%, how far does Ryzen get you before you become more dependent on EPYC ramps
later this year into 2019 and beyond?

LISA T. SU: Sure. So a lot of different questions there,
John. Let me try to unpack it there. So let's talk about sort of Ryzen and sort
of the margin both Q4 and Q1. On the Ryzen -- to give you sort of a flavor of
where we are in terms of the new product ramp, Ryzen Q4 was probably in the
high 40s percentage of our overall client business, and we expect that, that
will be over 50% starting in the first quarter of 2018. And so that ramp
definitely helps, and it's part of our sequential 100 basis point improvement
from Q4 to Q1. I think in terms of overall new product revenues, if you take
Ryzen, EPYC and then our new graphics products in totality, in Q4, they were
about 33% of our revenue, and we expect that to ramp nicely as we go into 2018.
So I think we are getting the margin leverage. The margin leverage certainly
from Q4 to Q1 is due to the fact that we have strong products. And the thing
that's a little bit different this quarter is because we are guiding under 606,
and as a result of that, semi-custom, which is typically seasonally down Q4 to
Q1, in this case, is actually up a little bit Q4 to Q1. And so that's a
headwind on the margin, but overall, we're still up 100 basis points. Does that
kind of get to the gist of your question?

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: No, that's helpful, Lisa. And then
maybe a second question just on the OpEx. Revenue for the calendar first
quarter, significantly above where the Street was expecting but so was OpEx.
And I'm curious, is there any sort of unusual expenses around Spectre or
Meltdown that's going on? And then to continue that, for the full year, you're
guiding OpEx about in line with your long-term target. So is there opportunity
that your long-term target can come down and maybe 28% of revenue on OpEx comes
down over time? Or how should we think about that leverage?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So look, so relative to OpEx, I think our
long-term guidance was 26% to 30%. Calendar year 2017, we were roughly
approximately 30% if you look at it for the full year basis. We're guiding 2018
to approximately 28%, so we're starting to see some of that leverage granted
we're starting off in Q1, which is usually a low quarter for us. And then as we
go forward, we're certainly looking at more leverage in the model, but we are
investing in sort of the key new products. We are investing in software, and I
think that's absolutely the right thing for us to do. As it relates to any
unusual expenses with Spectre and Meltdown, there are no particular unusual
expenses related to that. I think what we are doing is we're investing in the
business. We believe strongly in the product road map that we have, and given
the significant revenue growth, we believe we can afford to invest in the
business.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the
product that you announced with Intel over the course of Q4, the semi-custom
graphics product. I guess, interesting to see a few companies working together.
Can you put that product into context for us? Are there things that you could
do going forward? And then just is that going to be in the semi-custom part of
revenues or in the compute part?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Joe. So the product that we announced with
Intel was a semi-custom graphics product. So what we're doing is we're selling
silicon to them. And then they're packaging it in a multi-strip module, and
they're marketing it and selling to end customers. From my standpoint, this is
an excellent way to get more Radeon GPUs in as many applications as possible.
And so our strategy is we'll build our own standard products. We will build
custom products for customers and then look for how do we get Radeon in as many
places as possible. For this graphics revenue, because it's very similar to
discrete graphics, we're actually reporting it in the Computing and Graphics
segment, and we did see some initial revenue from that in Q4. But it is -- as I
said, it's a semi-custom chip that is sold to them with their -- to be packaged
with their products.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Ross Seymore from
Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, one for you back on the crypto side of things. It was great to see the
incremental color that you gave. But is there any way you could give an
absolute dollar amount, whether it be in the fourth quarter or just full year
'17 and how much you believe crypto contributed to your revenues?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Ross. So it is hard to
estimate. I think we said before it's hard to estimate just given some of the
crypto -- sort of GPUs are sold through the same channels as our gaming channel.
I previously said we thought it was about mid-single digits percentage of our
annual revenue. It may be a little bit higher than that. Let's call it 1 point
or so, but it's really a lot of our growth is outside of the blockchain market.
What we see in the market though is, because I know there's a lot of
conversation about this out in the market, it is an important market. I mean,
we're now seeing it from the standpoint of there is a lot of dynamic movement
in the market, but it is consuming a lot of GPUs. It's a good part of our
business, and we intend to sort of work with the large players to better
forecast that business going forward. But I don't want that to take away from
the fact that we had significant growth in the GPU business outside of blockchain
as we really ramped the Vega product line, as we ramped our GPU compute product
line, as we ramped our Apple. And so those are all important pieces of our GPU
story.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: Perfect, that's helpful. As my
follow-up, I wanted to go back to a statement you said in answering a prior
question about the semi-custom business being up sequentially and then saying
it was about $100 million benefit. Is that up sequentially you're talking about
relative to the fourth quarter pre or post the ASC adjustment? Just trying to
tie this altogether and kind of get the moving parts behind your guidance
because it is much higher than, I think, where many of us expected it to be.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So let me try, and Devinder may keep me --
make sure that we're clear here. So the $100 million that I referenced was
relative to the Q1 '17 adjustment, which was approximately $200 million or so.
If you look at it on a sequential basis, it won't be up $100 million. It'll be
up somewhat less than that, but typically, we're quite -- we're down quite a
bit in semi-custom. And so it is a different seasonal pattern than we would
normally see.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Brett Simpson
from Arete Research.

BRETT WILLIAM SIMPSON, SENIOR ANALYST, ARETE RESEARCH SERVICES
LLP: I just had a question on crypto. I mean, if I look at the amount of hash
compute being added to Ethereum in January, I mean, it's more than the whole of
Q4. So we've seen a big start to the Q1. So I'm just wondering, what's the
balance or the sort of mix in your C&G division between GPU and CPU sort of
looking at Q4 and how it changes at Q1? And is there any sort of acute
shortages here? I mean, can your foundry partners -- do they have the capacity
to support you with the ramp of GPUs at the moment? And is there enough HBM2
DRAM to source as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes, right. So in relation to your question
about client and graphics, look, both the client business and the graphics
business grew sequentially in Q4. So both of them were strong businesses for
us, and as I said, there are -- crypto was one driver, but there were numerous
other drivers as well. Relative to just where we are in the market today, for
sure, the GPU channel is lower than we would like it to be. So we are ramping
up production. At this point, we're not limited by silicon per se, so our
foundry partners are supplying us. There are shortages in memory, and I think
that is true across-the-board, whether you're talking about GDDR5 or you're
talking about high-bandwidth memory. We continue to work through that with our
memory partners, and that will be certainly one of the key factors as we go
through 2018.

BRETT WILLIAM SIMPSON: And just a follow-up on 7-nanometer.
I mean, a lot being talked about at 7 with the TSMC ramping fairly shortly and
also Intel being perhaps a little delayed on 10-nanometer. Can you talk about
what your plans are for 7-nanometer in 2018? Can you ship a CPU platform based
on 7-nanometer in -- this year? Or is there -- are you also seeing some delays
in 7 with your foundry partners?

LISA T. SU: So relative to 7, 7 is a very important node for
us. We're doing very active development to the 7 across our GPU and our CPU
portfolio. Relative to shipment dates, I'll wait until we get closer to
production before we talk about that. But what we have said is that we will
sample a GPU here in 2018 targeted at machine learning, and that will be in
7-nanometer technology. And we are also actively working on CPU products in the
7-nanometer technology as well.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Tristan Gerra
from Baird.

TRISTAN GERRA, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROBERT W.
BAIRD & CO. INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: You've mentioned that you
expect very strong demand from blockchain in the first half. How aggressive are
you in terms of embedding that type of trend in your Q1 guidance? Just trying
to get a sense of the contribution from that segment in your Q1 guidance. And
also, is the margin profile any different than the rest of your GPU business?

LISA T. SU: So I think as we said on the Q1 guidance, it is
really strength across our new products, so it's not just the blockchain or
crypto conversation. That's one factor, but we do see strength across the rest
of our GPU business as well as our CPU business with Ryzen and EPYC. So of
course, we take into account what we believe the demand will be here in the
first quarter, and we think we're fairly balanced with that. And overall, given
the current lead times, I think we have good visibility into what the order
pattern is and so on and so forth. So I think the key point is crypto is strong
right now but we do believe that it is a very dynamic environment, and so we
have to watch that step very closely. And there are numerous other product
drivers in our Q1 guidance, including the CPU business, which is an important
driver.

TRISTAN GERRA: Okay. And as a quick follow-up, in terms of
the ramp of EPYC, should we look at a linear ramp throughout this year? Or is
there more of an inflection point at any given time that you would expect or
any given quarter that you would expect this year?

LISA T. SU: I do expect a steady ramp of EPYC as we go
through the year. Our target is to be at mid-single-digit unit share by the end
of 2018, and so there would be significant revenue from EPYC as we are in the
second half of '18. But certainly, I would expect a steady ramp throughout the
year.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Srini Pajjuri
from Macquarie.

SRINIVAS REDDY PAJJURI, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH:
Just a couple of clarifications. First, I guess, Devinder, the accounting
change, you kind of gave us an explanation how the seasonality works for Q1.
I'm just curious as to how your seasonality changes as we go into Q2, Q3 and Q4
because, historically, you were down in Q1 and kind of flattish in Q2 and then
up in Q3 and Q4. So just trying to understand how the accounting change impacts
that seasonality.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. I think the more significant change is
from our semi-custom business. So we're going to see acceleration of revenue in
the first half as opposed to where it used to be weighted towards the second
half of the year. And that's just a timing issue within the year. Annually,
there's not much impact. It's pretty immaterial from that standpoint. But
timing-wise, you will see recognition of revenue earlier in Q1 and Q2, and
then, obviously, we still have it in Q3 and Q4. So seasonality for the
semi-custom business changes. As Lisa stated earlier, typically, Q4 to Q1 is
down, and now Q4 to Q1 is up.

LISA T. SU: Yes. But I would add, though, just for that
seasonality question. I think what you'll see is perhaps a little bit of a
flatter profile. We used to have a very high peak in Q3, and now I think you'll
see a little bit of a flatter profile with sort of second quarter still being
higher than first quarter, third quarter or higher than second quarter, and
then fourth quarter, we would expect to be down.

SRINIVAS REDDY PAJJURI: Great. And then, Lisa, just another
clarification on Ryzen. Obviously, you're seeing very strong ramps. I would
have expected you to see a little bit of ASP benefit in Q4, but it looks like
ASPs came in flattish. I'm just curious as to why they're only flat, not up
sequentially.

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure. So I think when you look at the ASPs,
it's very dependent on the actual mix. And so underneath the client ASPs, we
actually saw desktop a little bit lower, and that's because the desktop sales
in the holiday season were a little bit more weighted to Ryzen 3, which has a
lower ASP than some of the Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7. But we actually saw mobile ASPs
up because we saw the beginning of the shipments of Ryzen Mobile, which pulled
ASPs up. So it's just a -- the detailed mix of the business. But overall, I
think we saw very strong growth.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Ambrish
Srivastava from BMO.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, MD OF SEMICONDUCTOR RESEARCH &
SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: Devinder, I just
had a question on free cash flow since I pester you so much on it. Good to see
a solid quarter on that front. But my question really is how should we --
you've guided for an increase in free cash flow for next year. Should we expect
the same kind of dynamic that you've had this year, seasonality in Q4? And then
also, you had to build up working capital and inventory specifically because of
the dynamics on memory and the tightness earlier on the year. So what are some
of the puts and takes there if you could please help us with that?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. I think as you rightly observed, I
mean, our strong quarter from an overall standpoint where cash is concerned,
and cash from operations are very strong in Q4 and free cash flow was $339
million, ending at the $1.18 million, there is typically pressure on cash in
the first half of the year just given the fact that the revenue is there, and
we buy the wafers to support the business. And then it gets better in the
second of the year. As far as working capital is concerned, it's a little bit
early to tell. I think it depends upon how the revenue unfolds. Obviously, we
have managed it pretty well, but supporting the higher revenue from the
strength of the business is going to be the key from that standpoint. But to
your point, I do feel very good as to where the cash ended up. I do feel very
good with how we have done from managing the balance sheet for working capital
and the debt levels. And 2018, we are guiding to free cash flow being positive
for the year.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: Okay. And a quick follow-up for you,
Lisa. If we look at the double-digit growth for this year, what are the
absolute dollar drivers in terms of which product categories do you expect
within EPYC GPUs for machine learning or for Ryzen if you were to rank order
those in terms of absolute dollar impact this year?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So if I were to rank order those, I would
say that both EPYC and Ryzen, as we deploy Ryzen more into the notebook form
factor, which is very significantly ramped, are very key for that. I think GPUs
in machine learning are also a strong growth driver for us. But just given sort
of where we are from the base that we're starting with, I think the other 2 are
just more significant.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you, Devinder, and to
everyone who joined our call today. We appreciate you joining the fourth
quarter conference call. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.

OPERATOR: That does conclude today's teleconference. You may
disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for
your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS.
IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 013018a11192382.782










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

JEFFERIES LLC (70%);

ROBERT W BAIRD & CO INC (69%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); DEUT (JSE) (83%);
DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); MS (NYSE)
(57%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (97%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF
FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%);
NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); CONFERENCE CALLS
(91%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (91%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (90%);
EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW
ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); MEDIA & TELECOMMUNICATIONS (79%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (77%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (77%); SEMICONDUCTORS (77%); INTERNET & WWW (76%);
TELECOMMUNICATIONS (73%); WEBSITES (68%)










 LISA SU (93%)










 February 2, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
24, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 7984 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - Senior VP, CFO &
Treasurer

* Laura Graves

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - President, CEO &
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Director and Senior
Research Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Equity Technology and Services Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Kulin Patel

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Associate

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Canaccord Genuity Limited, Research Division - MD

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Tristan Gerra

Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division -
MD and Senior Research Analyst

* Vijay Raghavan Rakesh

Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division - MD of
Americas Research & Senior Semiconductor Analyst

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Wayne Loeb

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to Advanced Micro Devices
Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this
conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host,
Laura Graves. Please go ahead.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Third Quarter
2017 Conference Call. By now you should have had the opportunity to review a
copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary and slides. If you have not
reviewed these documents, they can be found on AMD's website at ir.amd.com.

Participants on today's call are: Dr. Lisa Su, President and
Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via
webcast on amd.com.

I would like to highlight a couple of important dates for
you. Lisa Su will present at the Crédit Suisse 21st Annual Technology, Media
and Telecom Conference on Tuesday, November 28, and our fourth quarter quiet
time will begin at the close of business on Friday, December 15, 2017.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our expectations.

Additionally, please note that we will be referring to
non-GAAP financials during this call, except for revenue and segment
operational results, which are on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures
referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure in the press release and CFO commentary posted on our website at
quarterlyearnings.amd.com. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You'll also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC
and in particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
July 1, 2017.

With that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, PRESIDENT, CEO & NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. Q3 was a strong quarter for us, demonstrating the
significant growth potential of AMD, driven by our high-performance products,
leadership IP and long-term strategy.

Revenue increased 26% from a year ago to $1.64 billion.
Gross margin also improved significantly year-over-year as we achieved
profitability and generated positive free cash flow in the quarter.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, we made
excellent progress in Q3 as the continued success of our Ryzen family of CPUs,
combined with significant graphics growth, resulted in a 74% increase in
Computing and Graphics segment revenue year-over-year.

Client computing revenue increased by a strong double-digit
percentage from a year ago as we expanded our Ryzen processor family and saw
increased demand in the desktop market. Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7 processors have
ramped well in the desktop channel market, reaching 40% to 50% desktop market
share at strategic e-tailers worldwide. In addition, OEM adoption is
accelerating as customers ramp shipments in advance of the holiday sales cycle.

In the quarter, we launched additional Ryzen CPUs, including
Ryzen 3, expanding our reach in the mainstream and value market segments; Ryzen
Threadripper processors, returning AMD to the high-end desktop market; and
Ryzen PRO-based offerings, which have been adopted by all major commercial PC
providers, including Dell, Lenovo and HP, expanding our presence in the
commercial space.

Also in the quarter, we qualified and began early shipments
of our Ryzen Mobile processors, combining our Zen CPU cores and Vega GPU cores
in a high-performance APU designed to power ultra-thin and 2-in-1 notebooks.
Acer, HP and Lenovo plan to launch their initial Ryzen Mobile-based systems in
the coming weeks, and we expect an expanded assortment of premium notebooks to
launch in Q1 2018.

In graphics, we achieved record GPU revenue in the quarter
based on significantly improved ASPs and higher unit shipments from a year ago.
These financial improvements were driven by the launch of our Vega-based GPUs
and its strong demand for our Polaris products across both gaming and
blockchain markets. In the quarter, we expanded further into premium portions
of the graphics market with new consumer and professional GPU solutions. Our
Radeon RX Vega family of GPUs launched in the channel, targeted at the
enthusiast class gaming segment. Revenue from initial shipments of these
products is significantly outpacing previous premium Radeon GPUs.

Radeon Instinct MI25, our GPU compute solution, also began
shipping in volume to mega cloud data center customers, and Radeon Pro WX 9100
professional graphics cards, targeting the high-end professional content
creation market, started shipping late in the quarter. In addition, we saw
expanded AMD Radeon adoption with cloud customers in the quarter, driven by our
investments in GPU compute. Amazon Web Services announced that they have
deployed AMD Radeon Pro technology to power Amazon AppStream 2.0, driving
GPU-accelerated cloud delivery of virtual applications. We also announced a
collaboration with Baidu to build more flexible and powerful AI computing
platforms based on the deployment of our Radeon Instinct GPUs in their data
centers.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue was approximately flat year-over-year and increased 46% sequentially.
Sequential growth was based on a seasonal increase in semi-custom revenue as
well as growth in server revenue from our EPYC data center processors. Our
semi-custom business continues to perform as expected for the year, and we
anticipate seasonal demand to remain healthy as our customers enter the holiday
sales cycle with Sony's PlayStation 4 Pro and Microsoft's Xbox One X.

In our server business, the server revenue increased from a
year ago as we began ramping sales of our EPYC data center processors to key
cloud and OEM customers. Customer engagement with our EPYC processors is
growing as the true performance and features of the new platform are tested and
implemented, with Tencent and JD.com joining the list of data center customers
planning to deploy EPYC processors.

In a short period, 3 of the Super 7 mega data center
providers have publicly announced plans to deploy EPYC-based products into
their Hyperscale environments, including Baidu, Microsoft Azure and Tencent,
and we have strong engagements with other major cloud providers. In addition,
HP Enterprise and Dell are in the process of bringing their first EPYC-based
platforms to market in Q4, and we are actively engaged with them to accelerate
testing and validation of EPYC-based systems in data centers across a broad
number of large and medium enterprise customers. We remain confident and
focused on the steady expansion of our data center presence over the coming
quarters based on the high performance and rich feature set of the EPYC
product.

In addition, as a part of our ongoing strategy to monetize
our differentiated IP, we successfully closed a patent licensing transaction in
the quarter.

In closing, we are very pleased with our third quarter results.
Throughout 2017, we have delivered significant year-on-year revenue growth and
margin expansion as we achieved multiple major product, customer and market
milestones. As we head into the final quarter of the year, we look forward to
continuing to accelerate our business. 2017 annual revenue growth is now
tracking above our previous estimates, and we remain confident in our ability
to make AMD one of the premier long-term growth companies in the tech industry.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our third quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SENIOR VP, CFO & TREASURER, ADVANCED
MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased
with our performance for the third quarter of 2017. We increased revenue 26%
year-over-year, expanded gross margin and achieved both operating and net
income, with net income of $110 million and diluted earnings of $0.10 per
share. We are executing well with our strongest portfolio of products in many
years, including our Ryzen, EPYC and Radeon Vega offerings. Let me provide some
specifics for the third quarter.

Revenue of $1.64 billion grew 26% year-over-year and 34%
sequentially. This is our highest quarterly revenue since the fourth quarter of
2011. Year-over-year growth was primarily due to our Computing and Graphics
segment, while sequential growth was driven by the Enterprise, Embedded and
Semi-Custom segment revenue seasonality as well as higher Computing and
Graphics segment revenue. We also took another step in our IP monetization
efforts by closing a patent licensing agreement that had a positive impact on
both our segments.

Gross margin was 35%, up 4 percentage points year-over-year,
primarily driven by the benefit of IP-related revenue and a richer mix from the
Computing and Graphics segment, which were partially offset by cost associated
with our GLOBALFOUNDRIES Wafer Supply Agreement for wafers purchased at another
foundry. We continue to make good progress on the ramp of our new high-performance
products, which had a positive impact on our gross margins.

Operating expenses were $419 million compared to $353
million a year ago. The increase was primarily due to higher R&D-related
investments and expenses related to annual employee incentive programs driven
by our better financial performance. Operating income was $155 million in the
third quarter of 2017, a solid improvement from $70 million a year ago. Third
quarter net interest expense, taxes and other was $45 million, up slightly from
$43 million a year ago. Lower interest expense from a year ago was largely
offset by withholding taxes for licensing revenue.

Net income was $110 million or diluted earnings of $0.10 per
share as compared to $27 million or $0.03 per share a year ago. The diluted
earnings per share calculations for the third quarter of 2017 was based on
1.143 billion shares, which includes 100.6 million shares related to our 2026
convertible notes. Adjusted EBITDA was $191 million, compared to $103 million a
year ago.

Now turning to the business segments. Computing and Graphics
segment revenue was $819 million, up 74% year-over-year, primarily due to
strong sales of our Radeon graphics and Ryzen desktop processors. Computing and
Graphics segment operating income was $70 million compared to a loss of $66
million a year ago. The solid improvement was primarily due to higher revenue.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $824
million, approximately flat year-over-year due to lower semi-custom SoC sales
partially offset by IP-related revenue. Additionally, server revenue increased
from a year ago driven by the increased sales of EPYC products. As you heard
earlier from Lisa, customer interest and deployment plans are strong. Operating
income was $84 million, down $52 million from $136 million a year ago,
primarily due to higher costs.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $879 million at the end of the quarter, up from
$844 million in the prior quarter, primarily due to higher revenue. Inventory
at the end of the quarter was $794 million, down 5% from $833 million in the
prior quarter.

Long-term debt on the balance sheet was $1.36 billion. Total
principal debt, including our secured revolving line of credit, was $1.74
billion. In the third quarter, we used $28 million from our lower interest
secured revolving line of credit to pay down long-term debt, which has a higher
interest rate. Free cash flow was $32 million compared to $20 million in the
year-ago period.

Before turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of
2017, which is a 13-week quarter, let me remind you for comparative purposes
that the fourth quarter of 2016 was a 14-week quarter. For the fourth quarter
of 2017, we expect revenue to decrease approximately 15% sequentially, plus or
minus 3%. At the midpoint, this equates to revenue growth of approximately 26%
year-over-year; non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 35%; non-GAAP
operating expenses to be approximately $410 million; non-GAAP interest expense,
taxes and other to be approximately $30 million; and inventory to be down
sequentially. We now expect 2017 annual revenue to increase by greater than 20%
over 2016 compared to the prior guidance of mid- to high-teens percentage
growth. We do not anticipate significant changes to the diluted share count in
the fourth quarter, and you can find additional information regarding the share
count in the CFO commentary, which is posted online.

In closing, the third quarter was a strong quarter, and we
are pleased with the momentum of our new premium products. We are making solid
progress towards our growth and margin expansion objectives, and as our
financial performance improves, we remain committed to investing in our
multi-generational road maps and achieving our long-term financial targets.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the Q&A
session. Laura?

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready for
our first question, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Vivek Arya from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
For the first one, I was wondering if you could help quantify the benefit of
your IP license in the 2 different segments. And is this a one-off? Or do you
see ongoing benefits in Q4 and beyond?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Vivek. Hey, thanks for the question. We
did close a IP-related transaction. It was a patent licensing transaction. The
revenue and benefit was spread over both segments. When we look at it going
forward, we have a pipeline of IP deals, and we're constantly looking at them.
And from our standpoint, we're working several deals in progress. So we believe
that IP-related revenue will be a factor as we go forward, but our primary
focus is on the product-related revenue and the product-related growth.

DEVINDER KUMAR: So Vivek, just to remind you, I mean, in
line, you've heard us talk about our IP monetization efforts, and this is very
much in line with that. And as Lisa said, the benefit is spread over both
segments.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And then for my follow-up, Lisa, when I
look at your Q4 outlook, it's sort of in line with seasonality, perhaps
somewhat better. Can you give us some more color around the adoption of your --
the new Ryzen Mobile portfolio, but more importantly, your EPYC products? When
will we start to see a more tangible contribution from your EPYC product sales?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Vivek. So look, we are very
pleased with how the revenue ramp is going in general on our new products. When
you look at the Q4 guidance, year-over-year, we'll be up 26%, so we're really
accelerating the business as we go into the second half of the year. As you
know, our business is typically seasonal. And so Q3 is the peak, and then we're
down seasonally from Q3 to Q4 due to some of the semi-custom revenue. But what
we see going into the fourth quarter is we see a strong ramp of new products.
We see Ryzen continuing to ramp. We will ship volume of Ryzen Mobile in Q4 and
then more in the first half of the year. We will see a ramp of EPYC, and we
will also see an OEM ramp of Vega. In terms of the headwinds, we have the
semi-custom seasonality, and we're also predicting that there will be some
leveling off of some of the cryptocurrency demand. As we look at it, it
continues to be a factor, but we've seen restocking in the channels and stuff
like that. So we're being a little bit conservative on the cryptocurrency side
of the equation.

OPERATOR: Next question is coming from David Wong from Wells
Fargo.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD & SENIOR EQUITY TECHNOLOGY AND
SERVICES ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you give
us some idea of whether you have any semi-custom wins that might bring in new
revenue streams in 2018? And specifically, are you in any discussions with
potential customers for semi-custom designs in autonomous driving or data
center processor and accelerator applications?

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, David. So look, the semi-custom
business continues to be a business that's performing well for us. So we are --
as we go into 2018, we are expanding the customer set beyond our traditional
Sony and Microsoft game consoles. Actually, this past quarter, we announced
that Atari will be adopting a customized processor for their next generation.
We also have a number of new opportunities that we continue to work, and they
are in markets outside of game console, including some of the markets that you
mentioned. So overall, we do expect there will be some puts and takes in the
semi-custom business as we go into 2018 and there will be some product revenue
that will ramp, particularly in the second half of 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Mark Lipacis from
Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First one on the gross margin outlook for Q4, it looks
like it's flattish versus Q3, and I guess I might have expected the -- a
sequential increase given that you will likely have a better mix. So I'm hoping
you can reconcile that. I'm wondering if licensing had an impact on that or
it's just fixed cost absorption.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Let me start, Mark, and then maybe Devinder
will add. So look, we have multiple puts and takes in the business as we look
at gross margin. When we look at gross margin in Q3, we were pleased with the
gross margin progress, and that came from both the richer mix of our Computing
and Graphics revenue year-over-year as well as some benefit from the IP-related
transaction. As we go into Q4, we have new products continuing to ramp, so
you'll see Ryzen, Vega and EPYC ramp. And the primary driver for the Q4 gross
margin is the product revenue, and we do have sort of the headwind of not
having the benefit of the IP revenue in Q3. So those are the puts and takes.
But the main point is the new product revenue is ramping and the gross margins
are accretive, and that's contributing to our Q4 gross margin outlook.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. Mark, if you can -- if I can just add,
if you look at the margin trend compared to 2016, 2016, we had 31% gross margin
and we expect to be at 34% this year, and that's primarily based on the
strength of the new products that Lisa referenced. And from a long-term model
standpoint, we are on track with what we laid out in the Financial Analyst Day
of going from 31% to 34% and then expecting to be greater than 36% in 2018 on
the strength of the new premium products that are ramping into 2018.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: And a follow-up, if I may, on the EPYC
server side. Can you help us understand to what extent you're shipping to
customers who are going through testing right now versus shipping into
customers who are actually deploying EPYC in live data center applications?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Mark. So look, we're pleased
with how things are going with the EPYC ramp overall. So we have been shipping
to both cloud as well as non-cloud customers in Q3, mostly early platform type
testing. In Q4, we will -- we expect to see some level of deployment, again,
both in cloud and non-cloud applications. With the new platforms coming in from
HP Enterprise and Dell, what we're seeing is actually a ramp of new seeding
opportunities, particularly in medium and large enterprise customers. So
overall, the EPYC ramp is going well, and we expect more deployments as we go
into Q4 and into next year.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Ambrish
Srivastava from BMO.

KULIN PATEL, ASSOCIATE, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH:
This is Kulin Patel calling in for Ambrish. You highlighted in your PR that you
had a GM headwind related to buying wafers at another foundry. Do you expect
any meaningful external purchases in Q4 or going forward into 2018 that could
be a headwind to gross margins?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think the way I look at that is, if you
look at Q3 from a volume standpoint and the volume is pretty high, and that's
why it's highlighted from a viewpoint of the cost, the way you want to look at
it going forward, Q4 and beyond, is all of the costs are related with the WSA
that's referenced in the script. So it's contemplated within our guidance and
our long-term models.

KULIN PATEL: And I had a question on -- you launched the
Radeon Instinct MI25 [maybe] last quarter. Can you discuss the traction you're
seeing in that product? Are you seeing any meaningful revenues in 3Q and in
your 4Q outlook?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So the Radeon Instinct MI25 is Vega for the
cloud data centers. We did actually start shipping volume in Q3 to multiple
customers. We do see very high interest in the product portfolio, and so we
expect that to continue to ramp into Q4. And there's a lot of focus on
increasing the software usability and software flexibility, and so we continue
to invest in those areas. But overall, I'm actually very pleased with the
interest in MI25, and it's coming from multiple customers in a number of
markets.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I was interested in your comments that the sequential growth
in the Computing and Graphics business was driven primarily by graphics. How
literally should we take that? And I guess, if graphics is up close to $150
million sequentially, is that business now on par with the CPU business? Can you
just give us a general sense of the size of the 2 businesses there?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So overall, the growth in Computing and
Graphics, when you look over the past few quarters, has been very strong. And
we've seen growth both on the Ryzen side, particularly in the desktop side of
the business, as well as on the graphics side. So in terms of size of the
business, again, I think we stated in the prepared remarks that the GPU
business had a record quarter for us, and we're seeing very strong growth.
We're seeing strong growth as a result of the new product launches. So the Vega
product actually did very well for us in the quarter as well as overall Polaris
in both gaming and blockchain markets. But yes, we're pleased with the graphics
performance. But I'll also say, Ryzen did very well in the quarter. We look at
the progress that we're making in the desktop channel when you look across
retailers and e-tailers across the world and in the sort of Ryzen 5 and Ryzen 7
segment, we're seeing significant share gain in those parts of the business. So
I think both parts of the Computing and Graphics business are doing well, and
we continue to expect growth as we go forward.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: And is it possible to size the
blockchain portion of that?

LISA T. SU: I think the blockchain tends to be -- again,
it's hard to separate because it goes through some of the same channels as
gaming does. I will say that blockchain sort of behaved as we expected in Q3,
so we didn't see anything that we didn't expect. We did see some benefit of
channel restocking, so if you look at the -- our channel inventories today
compared to July, we have healthier channel inventory levels. And we expect
that consumer blockchain will level off a bit as we go into Q4, but there's
also a commercial blockchain component that we believe is interesting and
likely to continue into the medium term. As we look into Q4 though, we also see
growth from just the OEM side of the GPU business as we start ramping Vega into
OEMs.

OPERATOR: Next question is coming from John Pitzer from
Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa,
apologize, I'm kind of juggling a couple calls like everyone else. I apologize
if this is a repeat. But I'm just wondering, just given the qualitative success
of Ryzen and the accretive ASPs and gross margins, I'm wondering if you could
just help us understand, on a more quantitative basis, how much of your PC unit
business is now Ryzen. And I guess, more importantly, how do we think about
that progressing over the next several quarters? And kind of where's the
tipping point where you think we'll start to see some significant leverage
relative to the accretive ASPs and the accretive gross margins?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, John. So look, we are really
pleased with how Ryzen is performing competitively and -- in the market. It's
fair to say, though, that we're still at the early stages of the Ryzen ramp, so
primarily in Q2 and Q3, Ryzen has been a desktop channel phenomenon. So most of
the sales have been in the desktop channel. We have started ramping OEMs in the
desktop space, and we will continue ramping OEMs as we go into Q4. But it's
nowhere near the majority of the client revenue. You should expect that Ryzen
will continue to ramp for us through the first half of next year because we're
adding more and more platforms as we speak, both on the consumer and also on
the commercial front. And -- so we see -- again, it's ramping well. The ASPs
are good, so actually, we saw some ASP increase in Ryzen as we went from Q2 to
Q3, and we launched the high-end desktop version as well as Ryzen 3. And we'll
continue to ramp into Q4 and first half of next year.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: And then, Lisa, just as my follow-on,
kind of a similar question around EPYC, and just I know you guys have kind of
talked about potentially exiting the end of next year at about a 2% share. I'm
just kind of curious how you think about the ramp of EPYC. And if you can differentiate
between sort of your Hyperscale customers who might take it a little bit sooner
versus more the -- the more traditional OEM channel, how should we be thinking
about that on EPYC?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So John, I'm not sure we ever said 2% by
the end of next year, but what I would say is that we expect EPYC to be a
sizable portion of our revenue in 2018. So the second half of this year, we're
doing early pilots and we're doing some early deployments. The Hyperscale guys
are aggressive, and they are first. We will start seeing some enterprise
revenue here in Q4 as the early platforms launch, but I expect more of the
enterprise to fill in as we go into 2018. And I think the important point is,
as we look at the product, as we look at the competition and where we're
positioned, the product positioning is strong, and so the customer engagements
are growing. And we're seeing significant interest from enterprise customers
ramp now as some of the OEM platforms are becoming available and starting their
seeding. So overall, EPYC will continue to ramp into 2018 and should be a
sizable -- we expect it to be a sizable portion of our revenue in 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ross
Seymore from Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
I want to go back to the mix of the business and specifically in the Computing
and Graphics segment. The client ASPs were down sequentially, and you
highlighted that being because of mobile. Somewhat similar to John's question,
Lisa, when do you expect to see the ASPs in that segment of your business start
to turn to be a positive driver as opposed to a bit of a headwind?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So definitely, desktop ASPs are up. Mobile
ASPs are down. I think we will see -- again, there will be an initial ramp of
Ryzen Mobile in Q4, but I think in the first half of the year, you should see a
significant amount of the volume that we ship into notebook be with Ryzen
Mobile. So when I look at sort of the rate and pace of the ramp, I think it's going
as we expect with desktop channel first, then desktop OEMs and then commercial
desktop and then, same, consumer notebook starting in Q4, ramping into Q1, and
then we'll see commercial platforms in the first half of '18 as well. So I
think there should be a steady ramp of ASPs as we go forward. We're also taking
some opportunity, as you can imagine, to clean up some excess inventory as we
transition to the new product, and so that's part of what we're doing to just
ensure that we have a strong launch as we go into the new product portfolio.
But overall, behaving as we expected and in some sense, we're very pleased with
how we're positioned competitively with the product.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: And I guess, as my follow-up, switching
to one for Devinder on the OpEx side of things. OpEx was a little bit higher in
the third quarter. It's dropping sequentially into the fourth quarter. You've
talked in the past about a 31% OpEx to revenue guide range for this year.
You're probably not going to guide for '18 by that much -- with that much
precision tonight. But is there any sort of puts and takes we can think of as
far as how you guys are considering your investment philosophy as we move into
2018?

DEVINDER KUMAR: No. I think the first thing I'll say is we
do want to invest in the business, especially with the growth of opportunities
we have and primarily targeting the OpEx investments towards R&D. They are
-- in the current moment, there's a lot of products ramping just in the last
few months. You heard about the Ryzen ramp. You heard about EPYC. We talk about
Vega, and obviously, their go-to-market costs will ramp up new products. But as
far as our 2017 guidance is concerned, I have said previously 31% has potential
of revenue, but I think right now where the numbers are coming out, especially
with the strength of the revenue side of the equation, we think we end up at
about 30% on an expense-to-revenue ratio in 2017, of which you -- as you
probably recall, is at the upper end of what we are setting of a long-term target
model, which is 26% to 30%. So actually, I'm pretty pleased because, if all
else, if everything works out in the Q4 guidance that we gave and in 2016 would
have been a 32% of revenue, in 2017, approximately 30%, and then obviously,
we'll see where we get into 2018 but very pleased from a viewpoint of being
able to make the investments in the business to support the product road map,
the go-to-market cost for the ramp of new products and at the same time, bring
down the percentage of OpEx over revenue.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Matt Ramsay from
Canaccord Genuity.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, MD, CANACCORD GENUITY LIMITED, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Lisa, I wanted to ask a little bit about the forward road map,
particularly in the processor group. I know that you guys have talked quite a
bit about taking the road map down to 7-nanometer next year, and I think Mark
gave some public comments about doing some stuff on 12-nanometer with GF. So I
think it'd be helpful if you could talk to the extent that you can about some
of the feature road map and things that might be follow-on to the products that
are ramping currently.

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, Matt. So 7-nanometer, we've
talked about, is a very important node for us, and it's an important node for
the industry. It's a major node, so we have a lot of engineering resources on
that. And you should expect that, that will be across all of our businesses,
and we're actively working on those products now. We do see an opportunity with
12-nanometer. 12-nanometer is a relatively small engineering lift, and I would
view it as a performance enhancement to our current road map. And so we are
working, taking some of our products -- I would say, a subset of our products
into 12-nanometer in 2018 to augment the performance of our client and graphics
road map. But I think the significant resources are on 7, and that's
progressing well. We're overall pleased with how the performance on that is
looking, and then we will opportunistically look at some products to go into 12-nanometer
as it makes sense for the road map.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: And Devinder, I wanted to press a little
bit harder on the gross margin impacts of a few things that you called out,
particularly -- I mean, is there any way that you can quantify for us at all
the impact of the IP revenue on gross margins either in the third quarter or
comparatively into Q4? And second, I think a lot of us are aware of the forward
charges you'll get for using wafers from other foundries, but I assume that,
that applies also to the gaming console business that comes out of TSMC
currently. If you could clarify those 2 things, that'd be great.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. I think if you look at it from an
overall standpoint, if you look at the cost impact, it's all within our
guidance. I think if you look at IP from that standpoint, we have several IP
deals in the pipeline. For Q3 specifically, we thought it was likely that we
would be able to close an IP-related deal in the quarter, and that's how it
turned out. And you see the benefit across both the segments. And from a
go-forward standpoint, despite the costs being there, we look at it overall
from a viewpoint of the trend of the margin. Major provider of the gross margin
uplift is the premium new products that we are launching. And then, obviously,
there's opportunities from an IP standpoint to benefit the P&L, we go ahead
and put that in the equation.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Blayne Curtis
from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just want to better understand the December
guidance a bit, maybe if you can talk about it between the 2 segments. The
Embedded business last year was down 40%. It's been tracking down slightly
year-over-year. So is that the right way to think about that segment this
December? And then maybe you can talk about on the graphics side. I just want
to understand the commentary. You said that crypto or blockchain was kind of
flattening out and that you were kind of getting some restocking. Just to kind
of understand, when you look at growth in that segment, what are the moving
pieces?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Blayne, let me answer that question. So
overall, I think our business does have the seasonal pattern where the Q3 is a
peak, and we're down in Q4 primarily due to the semi-custom business. I believe
those dynamics are the same. I've -- we've looked at sort of how the business
will perform on a year-over-year basis. We believe that semi-custom revenue
will be down a little bit on a year-over-year basis, and that's expected. We're
in the fifth year of the cycle, and you would expect that units to be down,
although we have some positive mix because of the new launch of the Microsoft
Xbox One X console, which is a higher ASP product for us. When you look at the
graphics business, again, overall, we see the business as quite strong. We see
Vega ramping as we go into Q4. We see that from an OEM ramp standpoint. We see
that from a GPU compute standpoint, and that's offset with a little bit of
leveling off of the blockchain demand. But overall, I think we see sort of
Computing and Graphics continuing to grow as we go into Q4.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: And then just maybe a second question
following up on some of the questions on process node. You had high reuse with
the server product this time. When you see -- how do you think about the
R&D cost in terms of if you were doing a core at TSMC versus doing one at
GLOFO, a dual track? As you look into '18, how should you think about the OpEx
required to do that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So it's part of our engineering model. So
we've -- we sort of engineered a model where we can use our IP at multiple
foundries, and that will continue as we go into 7-nanometer. So if you look at
this year, we have multiple products in 16-nanometer and 14-nanometer. As we go
into 2018 and beyond, it's the same thing. So there are no additional costs
related to our dual-sourcing strategy. I think from an overall R&D
standpoint, as Devinder said, we will look to ramp our spending in line with
revenue, and primarily, it's around continuing to invest in our new market
opportunities, continuing to invest on the GPU side and what we're doing in the
compute markets, continuing to strengthen our sales and marketing as we go to
market with these broad new products. But it's -- there's no particular OpEx
impact of using multiple foundries.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Security.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, can you give us, in terms of timing,
7-nanometer for next year? And what products would be the focus initially for
that node?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Hans. So I'm not going to comment directly
on timing of products because, obviously, there's a lot of R&D yet to be
done. But I would say that our product portfolio, in general, will take
advantage of 7-nanometer. You should expect our server portfolio, our graphics
portfolio and our client portfolio to all take advantage of 7-nanometer at some
point in time. And we like the performance as well as the power and the density
strength that we get from it. And so again, we think it'll really help to
improve our competitive positioning as we look forward.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN: All right. And then as a follow-up, if
you can answer this, and maybe it was already answered, so forgive me. The --
on the IP front in Q3, did you indicate what end market or what type of
application or what geographic location the IP relationship is all about?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we did say that the IP transaction was a
patent licensing-related transaction, so that's different from the technology
licensing, for example, that we did with THATIC. This was a straight patent
licensing. And the great thing about our patent portfolio is, beyond sort of
our core markets, it's -- it has applicability across a broad range of markets,
and so this was a patent transaction and not a technology licensing
transaction.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Vijay
Rakesh from Mizuho.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH, MD OF AMERICAS RESEARCH & SENIOR
SEMICONDUCTOR ANALYST, MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So I was
just wondering on the data center side, when you look at -- you mentioned EPYC
was strong. I was wondering if your breakout [comments] (inaudible) EPYC and
what -- how it grew sequentially. And (inaudible) [have you seen it going] into
the December quarter at all?

LISA T. SU: Okay, yes. You broke up a little bit there,
Vijay. But I think I got the question. So the question was sort of the strength
of EPYC and where do we see it -- how do -- where do we see it going in Q4.
Look, I think EPYC had a good quarter. Obviously, it's growing off of a small
base since we had a small base for the server revenue, but we certainly saw
growth in unit shipments and revenue into Q3. We will see more growth or we
expect to see more growth into Q4, especially as some of these trial runs turn
into more deployment activity. And as more OEMs ramp our platforms, the
platforms will be more available in the industry, and we're seeing growing
interest from a number of enterprise customers as well. So -- but we should
think about EPYC as a long-term growth driver. So yes, we will see growth into
Q4, but it will be a sizable portion of our revenue as we go into 2018.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH: Got it. (inaudible) and then you
start breaking out that enterprise [data center] out of the semi-custom like
your peers are doing as you grow that market? Lastly, just wondering how
channel inventory in graphics side GPUs are.

LAURA GRAVES: I think the question was whether we would
begin breaking out enterprise separately as a segment, and I don't know that
we've made any decision to do that. And then second question was very hard to
hear, Vijay. We'll ask you to repeat it, please.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH: Yes. Just channel inventory in GPUs.
How do you see channel inventory on the GPU side?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Okay, so for your first question, I think,
as Laura said, we haven't made any determinations about a different segment
reporting. But we will give you markers on how the business is growing, and I
think it will be clear just given the accretive nature of EPYC. As we start
ramping that product, you'll see more impact of the product-related revenue.
The second question is as it relates to channel inventory in graphics. I
believe that channel inventory is healthier in graphics here in October than it
was in July. We've certainly restocked some of the channel both for Polaris as
well as the Vega products. I would still say that channel inventory might be a
little bit light. It's not fully restocked yet, but it's certainly healthier
than it was in the July time frame.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Chris Danely from
Citigroup.

WAYNE LOEB: This is Wayne Loeb for Chris Danely. Can I ask
you how you feel you did share wise in CPU and GPU in Q3?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we will have to wait until, obviously,
the share results come in. I think when we look at the CPU side of the
business, we feel really good about how Ryzen is doing in the desktop channel,
so we think we definitely made progress there. As you look, overall, we have to
see how the overall results come in. And on the GPU side, again, we shipped a
significant volume. It was a record quarter for us, and we saw strength across
our new products as well as our current products, and we saw significant ASP
growth, which is important for us. But again, I would wait until the overall
results come out in a few weeks.

WAYNE LOEB: Could you also give your view on the overall PC
industry? Was it better, worse, the same as expected?

LISA T. SU: I think that's a good question. I think the
overall PC industry is about what we expected, maybe a tad bit better, but I
would say about what we expected. We see good geographical -- sort of the
geographies are doing well, particularly North America and Europe. There's a
little bit of softness in China, particularly at the low end of the market, and
I think there's some change in dynamics in China. But overall, I think the PC market
was about what is expected, and that's a good thing.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Tristan
Gerra from Baird.

TRISTAN GERRA, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROBERT W.
BAIRD & CO. INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: You've announced some design
wins for EPYC. Have you seen the number of design wins increase in the quarter?
And is what you have enough to reach that longer-term target of 10% market
share? Or do you need to line up more design wins to get there?

LISA T. SU: Yes. That's a very good question. So we have
seen design wins and customer engagements increase in the quarter. We've seen
customers who started with one platform now looking at multiple platforms with
EPYC. And then in terms of design win coverage, we believe we have design win
and platform coverage to meet or exceed our share goal targets. So it's not a
design win statement. It's really a conversion of design wins to revenue as we
help our customers ramp in the coming quarters. So very happy with the customer
progress, very happy with the number of platforms that we have, and we continue
to expand those platforms and the customer base over time.

TRISTAN GERRA: Okay. And then my quick follow-up will be,
how do you see the opportunities of fitting EPYC and Vega in notably in
enterprise platforms? Is that a fitting factor? Do customers value this as a
system solution versus just one architecture?

LISA T. SU: Yes, we have seen good interest from both OEMs
as well as end customers on looking at EPYC and our MI25 product together. We
actually have a working machine, the P47 petaflop machine that we announced at
SIGGRAPH, and we have actually a number of customers using that to trial their
software and their application. And so yes, I do think it's a selling point. I
do believe that customers do want some integrated system solutions. But as we
always say, the products operate very well standalone, and they work with other
products as well. But we will continue to work on those system-level solutions
for customers.

OPERATOR: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further or
closing comments.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you. Thank you, operator, and thank you,
ladies and gentlemen, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate you joining
our call. We're proud of these results and appreciate your support of AMD.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102417a11005598.798










 EXECUTIVES (94%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); SECURITIES BROKERS (91%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

JEFFERIES LLC (70%);

ROBERT W BAIRD & CO INC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

MIZUHO SECURITIES CO LTD (56%);

CANACCORD GENUITY INC (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%);
DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); MS (NYSE) (58%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (97%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%);
SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); BANKING & FINANCE
(92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); CONFERENCE CALLS (91%); SECURITIES & OTHER
INVESTMENTS (91%); SECURITIES BROKERS (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT
ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG
(90%); WEBCASTS (89%); MEDIA & TELECOMMUNICATIONS (79%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (77%); INTERNET & WWW (76%); TELECOMMUNICATIONS (73%)










 LISA SU (93%)










 October 28, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
25, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 8268 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - CFO, SVP and Treasurer

* Laura Graves

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - CEO, President and
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - MD of Semiconductor
Research and Senior Research Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Director and Senior
Research Analyst

* David Michael Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Equity Technology and Services Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist and Global Technology Sector Head

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Kevin Edward Cassidy

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Canaccord Genuity Limited, Research Division - Principal and
Senior Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Vijay Raghavan Rakesh

Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Research Division - MD of
Americas Research & Senior Semiconductor Analyst

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to Advanced Micro Devices
Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder,
this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your
host, Laura Graves, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's Second Quarter
Conference Call. By now you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of
our earnings release and the CFO commentary and slides. If you have not
reviewed these documents, they can be found on AMD's website at ir.amd.com.

Participants on today's call are: Dr. Lisa Su, our President
and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed
via webcast on amd.com.

I would like to highlight a few key dates for you. Mark
Papermaster, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer will present at
the Canaccord Genuity Global Growth Conference on August 9; Raja Koduri, Senior
Vice President and Chief Architect of Radeon Technologies Group, will present
at the Jefferies Semiconductor, Hardware and Communications Infrastructure
Summit on August 30; Forrest Norrod, Senior Vice President and General Manager
of our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom Business group, will present at the
Deutsche Bank Technology Conference on September 12. And our third quarter
quiet time will begin at the close of business on Friday, September 15, 2017.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

Additionally, please note that we will be referring to
non-GAAP financials during this call except for revenue and segment operating
income or loss, which is on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures
referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial
measure in the press release and CFO commentary posted on our website at
quarterlyearnings.amd.com.

Please refer to the cautionary statement in today's earnings
press release and CFO commentary for more information. You'll also find
detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC and in
particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1,
2017.

Now with that, I will hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, CEO, PRESIDENT AND NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those
listening in today. Q2 was a strong quarter for us as we continued to ramp our
high-performance product portfolio. Second quarter revenue increased 19% to
$1.22 billion, and gross margin improved year-over-year. Importantly, we
returned to non-GAAP net income profitability in the quarter, driven by strong
growth in our Computing and Graphics segment.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, we made
excellent progress in the quarter and reported operating profitability for the
first time in 3 years based on our leadership Ryzen processor and GPU product
offerings. The expansion and growing adoption of our Ryzen CPUs, combined with
our sixth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year graphics revenue
growth, resulted in a 51% increase in Computing and Graphics segment sales
year-over-year.

Client computing revenue increased by strong double-digit
percentage from a year ago, driven by a significant ramp and strong sell-through
of our Ryzen CPUs in the first full quarter of sales. Our Ryzen family of
processors drove a richer mix of shipments, and client ASPs improved
significantly from a year ago. All major PC OEMs have announced premium
Ryzen-based desktop systems with widespread availability expected for the
back-to-school and holiday seasons.

As we move into the second half of 2017, we are on track to
complete the full family of Ryzen processors, including Ryzen 3 processors
targeting the mainstream and value market segments with on-shelf availability
later this week; Ryzen ThreadRipper products for the high-end desktop markets
with global component channel availability in early August; Ryzen PRO-based
offerings targeting the commercial client segment with availability in Q3; and
Ryzen Mobile APUs, which will be available for the consumer market later this
year.

In graphics, GPU revenue increased by a strong double-digit
percentage from a year ago with higher unit shipments and ASPs driving growth
across our desktop and mobile GPU products. Demand for Radeon RX GPUs was
strong in the quarter driven by gaming and cryptocurrency mining.

In June, we began the introduction of our Vega GPU
architecture with the launch of the Radeon Vega Frontier Edition, delivering a
powerful professional workstation graphics card designed to tackle demanding
design, rendering and machine intelligence workloads. Apple announced that our
Radeon Pro Vega product will power the new iMac Pro, a workstation-class
product line designed for creators running the most demanding workflows. In
addition, Apple also announced expanded iMac offerings, which are powered by
the Radeon Pro 500 series.

We will launch additional Radeon Vega products at Siggraph
next week, expanding further into premium portions of the consumer and
professional GPU markets.

Our investments in GPU compute and Radeon Instinct are
continuing to build momentum. We introduced our first Vega-based Radeon
Instinct data center products in June. These new GPU accelerators will
significantly increase performance, efficiency and ease of implementation for
machine learning and high-performance computing workloads.

We also showcased a server powered by AMD's EPYC SoC and 4
Radeon Instinct MI25 accelerators, working together to deliver groundbreaking
performance of 100 teraflops. Interest and excitement are high as we recently
started shipments of our Radeon Instinct MI25 accelerators to strategic data
center customers.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment.
Revenue declined 5% year-over-year and increased 44% sequentially. The
sequential revenue gains were primarily based on higher semi-custom product
shipments due to seasonality. In addition, we reached an important milestone in
the quarter, delivering initial EPYC server revenue.

In our semi-custom business, unit shipments were up
sequentially and down year-over-year as we enter the fifth year of the current
game console sales cycle. This console cycle continues to outpace previous
cycles as Sony recently passed a milestone of 60 million PlayStation 4 consoles
shipped. Last month, Microsoft announced the new Xbox One X with availability
in November. This system will be Microsoft's smallest and most powerful Xbox
ever made and will be based on the combination of high-performance CPU and GPU
IP that only AMD can provide.

As we look at the remainder of the year and given the
maturity of the current game console cycle, we expect semi-custom revenue to be
down for the full year.

In our server business, last month, we launched our EPYC
family of high-performance data center processors, reentering the incredibly
important $16 billion data center market and setting several new industry
performance records. With up to 32 high-performance "Zen" cores and
an unparalleled feature set, our EPYC family of processors deliver greater
competitive performance at every price point across a full range of integer,
floating point, memory bandwidth and I/O benchmarks and workloads. Our 2-socket
and 1-socket EPYC CPUs are designed to deliver industry-leading performance on
critical enterprise, cloud and machine intelligence workloads and provide a
substantial TCO advantage.

At our EPYC launch event, we were joined by more than 20
leading server manufacturers and global ecosystem partners who showcased
optimized support and EPYC-optimized platforms. We received compelling
endorsements from OEM, cloud providers and mega data center operators,
including HP Enterprise, Dell, Baidu, and Microsoft Azure with more than 20
EPYC-based platforms announced at launch. And we expect an additional 20 EPYC
platforms to be available in the second half of 2017. With the strong global
ecosystem and customer interest we have built around our EPYC processor family,
we are on track to reenter the data center market in a major way.

In closing, we are very pleased with the trend of our
quarterly results and how our products are positioned heading into the back
half of the year. Our business foundation and growth opportunities are strong
based on our high-performance product portfolio and our expanding customer
traction. Given our first half 2017 performance and our visibility into the
third quarter, we are happy to report we are progressing ahead of our annual
revenue guidance, and we look forward to a strong year overall.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our second quarter financial performance. Devinder?

DEVINDER KUMAR, CFO, SVP AND TREASURER, ADVANCED MICRO
DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. For the second
quarter of 2017, AMD revenue grew 19% and gross margin expanded on a
year-over-year basis, driven by a 51% year-over-year revenue increase in our
Computing and Graphics segment. We achieved non-GAAP profitability on both an
operating and net basis with net income of $19 million and diluted earnings per
share of $0.02. Let me provide more specifics for the quarter.

Gross margin was 33%, up 2 percentage points year-over-year
due to a richer product mix and a higher percentage of revenue from our Computing
and Graphics segment, driven by the first full quarter of Ryzen processor
sales. Operating expenses were $381 million compared to $342 million a year
ago. The increase was due primarily to higher graphics and data center
R&D-related investments.

Net licensing gain from our server JV with THATIC was $25
million compared to $26 million a year ago, and we have recognized a total of
approximately $140 million of net licensing gain to date. The remaining
payments are related to production milestones, and I expect it to occur in 2018
and beyond.

Operating income was $49 million in the second quarter of
2017, a significant improvement from an operating income of $3 million a year
ago.

Second quarter net interest expense, taxes and other was $30
million, down from $43 million a year ago, primarily due to a lower overall
interest rate and a lower debt balance. Net income was $19 million or diluted
earnings per share of $0.02 as compared to a net loss of $40 million or loss
per share of $0.05 a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $84 million compared to $36
million a year ago and $28 million in the prior quarter.

Now turning to the business segments. Computing and Graphics
segment revenue was $659 million, up 51% year-over-year and up 11%
sequentially. The year-over-year increase was driven by demand for our Ryzen
desktop processors and graphics processors.

Computing and Graphics segment operating income was $7
million, the first quarterly operating profit in 3 years, compared to a loss of
$81 million a year ago. The significant improvement was primarily due to higher
revenue and an improved product mix.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $563
million, down 5% year-over-year, primarily due to lower semi-custom SoC sales.
Revenue was up 44% sequentially due to the seasonal semi-custom ramp.
Additionally in the quarter, we reached an important milestone and recognized
initial revenue from EPYC data center processor shipments. Operating income was
$42 million, down from $84 million a year ago due primarily to lower revenue
and higher data center-related R&D investments.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities total $844 million at the end of the quarter compared to
$943 million at the end of the prior quarter due primarily to changes in
working capital, largely driven by wafer purchases in anticipation of stronger
revenue growth in the third quarter. Inventory at the end of the quarter was
$833 million, down slightly from the prior quarter of $839 million. Long-term
debt on the balance sheet was $1.38 billion. Total principal debt, including
our secured revolving line of credit, was $1.74 billion.

In Q2, we repurchased $40 million of term debt, utilizing
our lower-cost secured revolving line of credit. Free cash flow was negative
$94 million due primarily to changes in working capital largely driven by wafer
purchases.

Turning to our outlook for the third quarter of 2017, which
is a 13-week quarter. We expect revenue to increase approximately 23%
sequentially, plus or minus 3%. At the midpoint, this equates to revenue growth
of approximately 15% year-over-year. We now expect annual 2017 revenue to
increase a mid- to high-teens percentage year-over-year compared to our prior
guidance of low double-digit growth, non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately
34%, non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $400 million, non-GAAP
interest expense, taxes and other to be approximately $28 million and inventory
to be down sequentially.

Third quarter diluted share count for modeling non-GAAP EPS
is expected to be approximately 1.14 billion. This includes shares related to
our 2026 convertible senior notes and the warrant held by a Mubadala entity.
Additional information regarding diluted share count calculation can be found
in the CFO commentary.

In closing, Q2 was a strong quarter, and our financial
performance continues to improve. As Lisa shared in her remarks, our business
continues to strengthen as we ramp new high-performance products and expand our
presence in premium markets. We are pleased with the strong growth in revenue
coupled with improving gross margin on the back of focused execution, financial
discipline and ongoing strategic investments in the business.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura. Laura?

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you. Thank you, Devinder, and operator,
we're ready for our first question to begin Q&A.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Mark Lipacis from Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: The question is on EPYC, and I'm hoping that you can
provide us some more color about how the reception is going, how we should
think about milestones going forward. And I'm wondering if you can tell us
about the number of different trials or where you're seeing the most traction
and when you would expect this to ship into production environment in the Super
7 cloud guys.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Mark. Thanks for your question. So we are
very pleased with the reception to EPYC. The launch that we did in June was
very well received. We had a number of customers as well as partners, OEM
providers, ODM guys as well as cloud providers who participated in that. The
general reception has been very positive. I would say that interest level is
very high. In fact, we're adding additional customer support to really ensure
that we help customers get their platforms up and running. In terms of what to
expect in the revenue ramp, we started shipping early volume in the second half
of June. We would expect that we'd continue to ramp that revenue in the second
half of the year. We would expect some additional customer announcements in the
second half of the year, and then, as we stated with both cloud and enterprise
accounts, depending on their qualification cycles, it can take anywhere up to 4
quarters to qualify the parts. But so far, so good. I think very good traction,
and we continue to lean in hard on the data center opportunities.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS: That's very helpful. And a follow-up if I
may. You mentioned crypto as helping the GPU side. That can be a dual-edged
sword, and I was wondering if you can help perhaps quantify like what that did
to the upside. And is there any way to manage the risk of the minors breaking
down their systems and putting it into the secondary market when the currency
comes back down?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Mark. So certainly, the overall quarter
for graphics was strong. Q2 tends to be seasonally down, and we were up in the
quarter. So it was better than seasonal. I would say the better performance was
due to 2 things. First of all, we did launch our RX 580 and 570 gaming cards in
April, and those cards are very, very well positioned in the market. So they're
doing well with gamers. Relative to cryptocurrency, we have seen some elevated
demand. If you look at GPUs across the world, the inventory in the channel is
actually quite lean, and so we're working on replenishing that inventory. Our
priority though really is on our core market, which is the gaming market. And so
couple of things that we are certainly doing are we're prioritizing supply
towards the gaming market, so you'll see system integrators as well as on some
of the major e-tailers, we have bundles with Ryzen and Radeon. And then some of
our partners are also offering mining-specific cards that have a different
feature set such that we're really segmenting the market between gaming and
mining. But it's important to say we didn't have cryptocurrency in our
forecast, and we're not looking at it as a long-term growth driver. But we'll
certainly continue to watch the developments around the block chain
technologies as they go forward.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Matt Ramsay
from Canaccord Genuity.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, PRINCIPAL AND SENIOR ANALYST, CANACCORD
GENUITY LIMITED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I wanted to ask a little bit about
the longer-term road map in your businesses across the CPU and GPU side. It
occurs to me, and through some of the conversations we've had, particularly in
the enterprise markets of high-end desktop and server, that some of the
purchasing decisions made by your customers might be sort of dictated by how
confident they are in the long-term road map that you guys are putting together
as you move to 7-nanometer versus just the products that you've launched so
far. So maybe you could talk a little bit about the road maps, how they're
developing and the progress that the team is seeing on the 7-nanometer front.

LISA T. SU: Sure, Matt. So look, I think the overall road
map execution has been very good, very solid. I think our customers see that
the Ryzen performance, the EPYC performance on the CPU side and then certainly
the Vega performance on the GPU side have met our commitments. And the
important thing, particularly in the enterprise market as well as the
commercial market, having a road map, a strong road map with multiple
generations is important. We stated at our Financial Analyst Day that we're
already investing heavily in 7-nanometer. The 7-nanometer will be key for us on
both the CPU and the GPU side, and I would say that development is progressing
well. We're working with multiple foundries on that. We have multiple design
teams that are working, and we expect that, that would give us a strong
competitive road map for the next several generations.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: And a couple questions, quickly, for
Devinder. The -- I guess, the first one is on share count. There was obviously
some movement higher in the share count, either the -- in the in-the-money
converts. Maybe you could talk us through, if you were modeling maybe your
business on a long term, from an earnings power perspective, how would you
think about modeling that share count? And then secondly, on the operating
expense line, there's plenty to invest in here. But how should we think about
that as we move through the year and into next year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. Thank you, Matt. I think on the share
count, basically, beyond the basic shares, the dilutive impact come from 3
components. You have the employee equity grants. You have the 75 million share
warrant that we issued to Mubadala in 2016. And you have the 101 million shares
underlying our $805 million convertible note. The good news is that you start
making money and you get beyond inflection point. All of that gets included in
dilute share count. So I think given what we have laid out as guidance, in
particularly in the Financial Analyst Day, the assumption should be, as you
model profitability in the company, those shares get included. We have provided
color in the commentary, and for Q3, we are estimating that the total share
count is about $1.14 billion (sic) [1.14 billion]. As far as the OpEx is
concerned, we are obviously, with the strength in the business, performing
stronger. We are making targeted investments, particularly in R&D. We have
included and invested in targeted R&D areas. And also, in 2017, I think
there are some employee-related performance incentives that are included in our
current guidance given the fact that the business is performing stronger than
anticipated. Lisa, anything you want to add?

LISA T. SU: Yes. No, I think you covered it, Devinder. On
the investment front, Matt, just to give you a little bit more color on that, I
think we see tremendous opportunity in the data center around both CPU and GPU
compute, and so we're taking the opportunity with some of the strength in the
business to make sure we lean in to those resources and fully pay off the
product investments.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ross Seymore
from Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, one for you first on the client ASPs. I know the Ryzen side, the mix had
to go up, and those carry much better ASPs. But the client category as a whole,
the ASPs went down. So if you just think about going forward, when do the size
of the buckets work, that the Ryzen contribution will be big enough to offset
whatever was the headwind against that in the second quarter?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Good question, Ross. When you take a look
at our client business, think of it as desktop and mobile, and then within the
desktop segment, it's channel and OEM. So Ryzen performed very well. I think
the ASP contribution is very evident on the desktop line item. But when we look
at where we are in the progression of the Ryzen rollout, we're still in the
early innings. So we had our first full quarter of Ryzen desktop in the
channel. The OEMs launched their desktop products in about mid-June, and so
they just started selling at the end of June. And that will flow through into
the second half of the year. And the mobile products are still our legacy
products. So you saw the mobile ASPs were down slightly as we went from Q1 to
Q2, and that was just a mix on some of the legacy business. But the desktop
ASPs were quite strong, and we should expect that, as we go into the second
half of the year and we have Ryzen really take off in the OEM sectors as well
as once we introduce Ryzen Mobile towards the second half of the year, is when
you'll see sort of more of the full portfolio over to Ryzen. Does that help?

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: It does. And a related follow-up on that
is just transitioning those ASP and mix commentaries over to the actual gross
margin. The full year revenue guidance is increased again. Just recently, you
guys did it at the Analyst Meeting. Now you're doing it again, so that's
clearly a positive. It seems like the C&G side of things is what's driving
that given your commentary on the game console side being down. So given
everything you just said about the mix improving in the back half of the year
and the revenues now being higher, I'm a little surprised the gross margin
guidance didn't change for the year. So if we translate everything you just
said, Lisa, to a gross margin dynamic, can you help us kind of make all of that
make sense as well?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think you summarized the revenue
guidance well. I think we see the Computing and Graphics business accelerating
on the strength of the new products. We do have a bit of a year-over-year
headwind when we compare game consoles. When you look at our Q3 margin
guidance, we are certainly up year-over-year 3 points, and so I think that's
the strength of the product portfolio. I think as we get into the Q4 guidance,
we'll talk more about the margin progression, but the -- what we expected in
terms of margin expansion with the premium products is certainly playing out,
and that's helping the Q3 guide.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from David Wong
from Wells Fargo.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG, MD & SENIOR EQUITY TECHNOLOGY AND
SERVICES ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you give
us some idea of whether your September guidance assumes any meaningful
contribution from Vega sales for gaming in the September quarter?

LISA T. SU: Yes, David. We will be launching Vega actually
in a week at Siggraph, and yes, there will be -- Vega will be shipping into
gaming, into professional workstations as well as into the GPU compute segment
in the third quarter.

DAVID MICHAEL WONG: And can you update us on your
expectations for launch timing of Ryzen notebook chips and if you expect there
to be revenues from Ryzen notebook in December?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So Ryzen notebook is on track to launch for
the holiday platform sales, and so you should see OEMs launching Ryzen Mobile
for the holiday period. So yes, we will see revenue in the second half of the
year.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ambrish
Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, MD OF SEMICONDUCTOR RESEARCH AND SENIOR
RESEARCH ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: My question, first one
was on free cash flow. It's negative again, and for the first half, minus $420
million if my math is right. So Devinder, when does free cash flow turn
positive? And then I had a follow-up, please.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. I think 2016, if you go back and look
at the full year, because of the seasonality of our business, we were positive.
From a viewpoint of midpoint of 2017, we do see strength of the business.
You're right. Cash is down with the changes in working capital, and it's
largely driven by wafer purchases in support of the stronger second half and in
particular, the stronger business that we are seeing. We expect cash to be up
for the quarter -- this quarter and to be free cash flow positive for the year.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: Okay. And then my follow-up is, Lisa, on
the crypto question that Mark had asked earlier. I'm not sure you gave an
answer to -- or maybe Mark didn't ask that. Are you seeing follow-on strength
from that in the current quarter? And then why -- and we realize it's not a
core part of your business. But why or why not this is not similar to what
happened in '14?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Ambrish. So I think, from an overall
standpoint, we see strong demand in graphics for the third quarter. I think
that's a mix of a couple things. That's a mix of gaming being seasonally
stronger in the third quarter. That's a mix of inventories being very low in
the channel, and there is a crypto -- probably a cryptocurrency component as
well relative to overall demand. When we look at it as a whole though, we think
that the growth in the business is really on the strength of the products and
how the design wins, both OEM and -- as well as system integrators, are
improving. Now how is it different than sort of a couple of years ago? I think
we understand the market much better from the standpoint of the products are
significantly stronger. And so if you look at the product portfolio, not just
the current sort of Polaris or RX 5-series products but the Vega product coming
in, really opens up a larger TAM for us. And we are working with our
add-in-board partners to segment the markets in terms of the feature set that
go into the cards as well as prioritizing some of the gamer ecosystems, so in
terms of system integrator supply as well as bundling and OEM supply. So I
think we are doing quite a bit to make sure that we protect against any
downside as it relates to cryptocurrency, but overall, I would view it as GPUs
are strong. And we see GPUs continuing to be strong, and so it's a great market
to be in.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Kevin
Cassidy from Stifel.

KEVIN EDWARD CASSIDY, DIRECTOR, STIFEL, NICOLAUS &
COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe just as a follow-up to that.
Inventories being down going into this quarter and with all your new product
ramps, is that -- is it down mainly just because of GPUs? Or is there something
else?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think it's -- if you look at the inventory,
in fact, if you look at it from my standpoint and the strength of the business,
there's revenue growth, we are obviously buying wafers in support of the
stronger revenue. Some of the ramp in new products does have an impact on the
inventory and obviously, we want to support all of new product ramps. It's down
marginally in the quarter, but I expect that in Q3 it will go down. And then we
have previously guided down year-over-year, so I expect, when we end the year,
it will be down in 2017 compared to 2016 while fully supporting the needs of
the business.

KEVIN EDWARD CASSIDY: Okay. And is -- I guess for the server
side, how do you -- how are you building inventory for that? Or is that a
longer design cycle so that you don't really start building inventory?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think the server side is -- yes. It's a
smaller portion. I mean, the ramp in EPYC, as you probably heard us say, is
slower than in other businesses. So from -- if you look at a total inventory,
the server portion of inventory is not that huge.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Vivek Arya
from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, for my first question, if I go back in history, at one point, AMD had a
20%-plus share in server CPUs, and I appreciate we are far off from that point
right now. But I just want to know conceptually what are you doing or can do to
recreate those conditions? Or do you think the environment is very different
this time around?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Vivek, I think we are actually very pleased
with sort of the conditions around the server market for us. I mean, it all
starts with a good product or a great product, and so I think the EPYC product
performance is very important. But I think the other conditions that are
different and perhaps even more favorable than in the past is the fact that the
cloud data center guys are making up such a large piece of the market, and they
tend to move faster in their qualification cycles given the fact that they have
sort of more control of their own software environment. So I think our
differentiation is strong. I think we have -- we put out a product that is not
only strong on basic CPU performance but also offers much more flexibility in
terms of what you can do with memory and I/O. I think that value proposition is
recognized by the customer set, so we certainly are looking to ramp the revenue
as fast as possible.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And for my follow-up, as you're starting
to become more competitive against Intel and NVIDIA, are you seeing any
competitive response from them in terms of pricing or features or go-to-market
strategy that you might need to respond to?

LISA T. SU: Obviously, we continue to watch the competitive
market. It's been an exciting market. Some would say that, from a product
standpoint, there has been a bit of back-and-forth already. We feel good about
how our products are positioned not just today but how they will be positioned
over the next 18 to 24 months. And so we're going to be very focused on
ensuring that we lead with the product message. Of course, there's a
go-to-market element and all of that around that, but I think the competitive
environment right now is very focused on product competitiveness.

VIVEK ARYA: And maybe a quick follow-up on that, Lisa, if I
might. When Ryzen initially rolled out, I think some of the benchmarks and --
were not up to par. Have you seen an improvement in that? And as you --
especially as you roll out EPYC, are you seeing the ecosystem come and work
around your products, so those benchmarks are not going to be an issue this
time around?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think, Vivek, you're referring to when
we initially launched Ryzen 7, there were some games, particularly in 1080p
resolution, that were not as good as some of the higher resolution. And I
believe we worked around a lot of that. We've seen game developers, content
developers really sort of support the Ryzen ecosystem. I've actually been very
happy with how they've jumped on the support of it. We have been continuing to
improve the ecosystem. So if you look at the motherboards and if you look at
the memory capability, they've significantly improved just in the last 3 or 4
months. I think you'll see, as we go through ThreadRipper launch, which is
coming up very shortly, that the Ryzen ecosystem is strong. And as it relates
to EPYC, I think the -- very similar comments. I think the ecosystem has been
very supportive of the EPYC processor family, and so I don't see that as an
issue.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joe Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Wonder if you could talk a little bit about -- as we think
about EPYC for next year, how do you think we should frame that opportunity? Is
it mostly a cloud -- sort of top-tier cloud customer that's going to drive that
revenue? Is it sort of next level down of cloud customer going to drive
significant revenue and then enterprise next year? I mean, how would you sort
of bucket those 3 things in terms of where the EPYC potential lies?

LISA T. SU: Yes. I would say, Joe, we have a broad set of
customers that we're engaging with. So definitely, we see top-tier cloud guys
very engaged with EPYC and talking about a number of different instances.
Microsoft Azure was at our launch event, and Baidu was at our launch event. And
we're working with a number of other cloud vendors as well. But we also have a
very strong OEM support base as well. So with HPE and Dell putting out a number
of platforms with EPYC, I think that will ramp enterprise customers in 2018 as
well. So I view it as really both sides of the equation are important for 2018.
I think we will see cloud be a little lumpier. So certainly, they tend to buy
in stages, so they may be a little bit lumpier. But I think, overall, we are
very focused on both cloud and enterprise accounts.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: And then circling back quickly to the
inventory issue that you talked about in graphics. It seems like they're quite
lean and in some cases, in shortage. Is that completely a function of demand?
Were there any supply issues in the quarter? And how quickly if -- do you
foresee that as an issue? And if so, like how quickly do you fix it?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Joe, it was completely a function of demand
and demand within lead time. I think from a supply standpoint, we've had a very
strong supply chain across-the-board, across both CPU and GPUs. We are, as I
said, in the process of catching up to demand, and so we're certainly increasing
some of the production. And that was Devinder's comment about some of the
working capital and some of the inventory comments. Overall though, I think
we're going into a stronger second half of the year. So it's not unexpected for
us to ramp up production. It's just demand was quite strong. Particularly in
the April-May time frame is when we saw a spike and take some time to react to
those signals.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, can you give us a sense of how EPYC
is doing in virtualized environments because there might be some issues
regarding compatibility with the other x86 suppliers and how you would go
through that process over the next several quarters?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Again, Hans, I think we have been working
closely with a number of different customers, including in virtualized
environments. We see no particular issues other than just getting their
platforms up and running. And so I think we continue to believe EPYC will do
very well in those environments.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN: Okay. And then as a follow-up, can you
give us a sense, now that EPYC is out, what the feedback is from your
customers, cloud or OEM, regarding your packaging approach in terms of using a
multi-chip module type approach versus a monolithic silicon approach?

LISA T. SU: Yes. Hans, actually, the feedback has been
actually quite good, and I think the -- what we're able to do -- obviously,
it's a decision to make, right? We could have built one big monolithic chip or
-- we decided very strategically to build a modular approach because it just
gives us so much flexibility when we talk about the combination of CPU cores
and I/O. So, so far, so good. I think there is some work to do to make sure
that the latencies are appropriately taken care of, and the customers are
working with us on that. I think the flexibility is really, really appreciated,
particularly when you look at what we can do with single-socket servers as
well. So we feel very good about where EPYC is positioned. I think the customer
feedback continues to be very strong, and our goal is to get as many platforms
out as possible with EPYC this year.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from John Pitzer
from Credit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST AND
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa,
notwithstanding the possibility that you guys beat your revised guidance you
just gave today, if you just go by the revised guidance, it's kind of implying
calendar fourth quarter revenue down about 10% sequentially, which is about in
line with seasonal. Just kind of curious, just given where you are in the
product cycle for Ryzen and EPYC, why a seasonal quarter wouldn't be something
that you could beat? And I guess, equally important, are you planning to stay
profitable in the calendar fourth quarter if it is down seasonal just given the
trajectory of OpEx?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So yes, John, let me answer that. When you
look at our typical seasonality, as you said, we tend to be down in Q4.
Semi-custom is still a large, large piece of our business and semi-custom will
peak in Q3. And it will come down in Q4. I also think that we want to be
cognizant of the fact that some of the graphics demand that we see might be
temporal, so we're not counting on that staying through the full year. We'll
see what happens. Frankly, I think we'll see what happens with the whole mining
stuff. But I think when you look overall, I think that it shows that the
business is strengthening. And so we like the growth very much. Ryzen will
continue to grow through the second half. EPYC will continue to grow through
the second half. Vega and our GPU business will continue to grow through the
second half, and the only headwind that we have is through the game console
business just as part of normal seasonality. And then relative to the profit
statement...

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think it's hard to predict that right now,
John. I think if you look at our guidance, as we said, revenue, mid- to high
teens, which, from our standpoint, is 16, 17-ish increase. And we'll get to Q4
when we get there.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: That's helpful. And then, Lisa, for my
follow-up, R&D ticking up, which is absolutely the right thing to do for
the longer-term health of the business, but I'm just kind of curious if you
could help me understand your sort of R&D priorities. To what extent is
this uptick in R&D really to help bolster your position in existing markets
versus sort of R&D dollars to go after new markets, whether that be
acceleration, machine learning or autonomous driving? How should I think about
that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So I think there are a couple points, John,
that I want to make sure that we're clear about. Although OpEx is going up and
R&D is going up, we're doing it in a very thoughtful fashion. And so
staying within the confines of the business model is really important. And as
Devinder said earlier, our model that we laid out at Financial Analyst Day for
2017 has us, let's call it, at approximately 31% ER, and we're going to stay
within that model for sure. Now relative to priorities in R&D, it is very
much focused on sort of the new growth areas for us, very much focused on data
center and very much focused on GPU computes around machine learning and sort
of the entire compute space on the GPU side. It is fairly incremental in terms
of adding things like customer support, field application engineering, software
support given that we're familiarizing people with our architecture. So I think
it's good. We're happy that the business affords us the ability to increase
R&D in this time frame, and we're using it to accelerate our growth in
these high-margin markets.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Vijay Rakesh from
Mizuho.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH, MD OF AMERICAS RESEARCH & SENIOR
SEMICONDUCTOR ANALYST, MIZUHO SECURITIES USA LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Perhaps,
Lisa, when you look at the EPYC, I know you said 20 customers already and then
20 more in the second half. Do you think that gets to 5% of your revenues, just
the EPYC side of your revenues as you look at the third quarter? And should we
assume pretty incrementally [about --] not the 50% margins on your EPYC product,
especially as it goes in the data center side?

LISA T. SU: So Vijay, without getting too granular about
percentage of EPYC revenue, I think what we've said is our target for EPYC, we
sort of have -- the midterm target is to get back to double-digit market share,
so over 10%. We think that we have a product and a customer set in an
environment that does support that. It will take longer than this year to get
there. So I think this is a multiple-quarter ramp for us. But in terms of how
we've laid out the business model, I mean, that's all contemplated sort of in
our overall growth model for 2017. As it relates to margins, again, without
being very specific, I would say the EPYC margins are highly accretive even at
our current sort of pricing, which offers, I would say, significant value to
the customer. I think it also gives us significant credit for the capability of
the product. And so the margins are accretive to our business model.

VIJAY RAGHAVAN RAKESH: Got it. Very helpful. Just on the
Radeon Instinct side, too, can you give us some similar commentary on how you
see in terms of customer adoption and what the response has been similar to
EPYC?

LISA T. SU: Yes, yes. The Radeon Instinct similarly has a
lot of interest from the marketplace, a number of different applications. We
started shipping actually in July to some strategic data center customers. We
see that interest continue to ramp. There, I think it is -- this is definitely
a lumpy business. And so it goes, as a cloud guy puts on a new instance, you
would see a larger buy, and that's the way it would work. But again, very good
market. I think we're in the very early part of the growth trajectory for AMD
in these markets, and we'll continue to invest and work closely with customers
to ramp those platforms.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Blayne
Curtis from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I just want to follow up on the -- your
comments on the cryptocurrency market. Just curious what's your visibility into
whether someone -- obviously, they buy a dedicated card. It would be easy to
track. Just your visibility on the back end as to where the strength in the
overall GPU market is coming from. You mentioned it as a third factor, I think,
in September, but then mentioned it may impact December and if you can just
talk about in that full year guide, are you factoring in any contribution in
December?

LISA T. SU: We're being conservative in our estimates for
what will happen as we get into the fourth quarter. I think the visibility is
not -- it's anyone's guess at this moment. However, I think what we are doing
very clearly is prioritizing sort of the core customer set so that we're
segmenting the market. You can never segment it perfectly, but I think we are
segmenting it well. And we continue to be very closely in tune with our
partners and how this develops. And my expectation is that there will be a
leveling off of the demand at some point. And as we fill the channel, that will
become clear in what the level-off point is. But right now as we said, the
channel inventories are very low, and so it's hard to call the absolute demand.
And we're ensuring that we're not overcalling the demand.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: And then just a question for Devinder.
The OpEx step-up in September, it's hard to tell from the full year guide, 31%
can round a bunch of different ways. Just curious if you expect any
follow-through in that increase in R&D into the December quarter? And then
if you could just mention also timing of the JV payment. Obviously, you're not
getting any in the back half of this year. Maybe you could talk about the
milestones into next year and when those should come back as offsets.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. Let me take the JV one first. I mean,
as we said in the commentary in my prepared remarks, $140 million licensing
gained on the THATIC server JV to date. We got $52 million this year, and
there's nothing more this year. The remaining payments are based on some production-related
milestones, and those are in 2018 and beyond. And we'll update that as we get
closer. As far as the OpEx is concerned, I think we've said a lot, and we stand
by what we said. We'll manage within our guidance of expense-to-revenue ratio
of approximately 31% for the year.

OPERATOR: We've reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further
closing comments.

LAURA GRAVES: Great. Thank you very much, operator. We
appreciate everyone being with us today. We look forward to spending more time
with you in the coming quarter, and thank you for your time.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072517a10720726.726










 EXECUTIVES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); SECURITIES BROKERS (91%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%);
CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%); GLOBALIZATION (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS
(78%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (98%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

CANACCORD GENUITY INC (56%);

MIZUHO SECURITIES CO LTD (55%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (98%); AMD (FRA) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%);
DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); SIC6081
BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (91%); SECURITIES
BROKERS (91%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT
ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG
(90%); SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); WEBCASTS (89%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (77%); INTERNET & WWW (76%)










 LISA SU (92%)










 August 15, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
1, 2017 Monday




Copyright
2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 7810 words

Corporate Participants

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - CFO, SVP and Treasurer

* Laura Graves

* Lisa T. Su

, Inc. - CEO, President and
Non-Independent Director

Conference Call Participants

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - MD of Semiconductor
Research and Senior Research Analyst

* Blayne Peter Curtis

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Director and Senior
Research Analyst

* Christopher Adam Jackson Rolland

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* David M. Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD and
Senior Equity Technology and Services Analyst

* Hans Carl Mosesmann

Rosenblatt Securities Inc., Research Division - Senior
Research Analyst

* John William Pitzer

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - MD, Global Technology
Strategist, Global Technology Sector Head, and Semiconductor/Semiconductor
Capital Equipment Analyst

* Joseph Lawrence Moore

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Mark John Lipacis

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Senior Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew D. Ramsay

Canaccord Genuity Limited, Research Division - Principal and
Senior Analyst

* Ross Clark Seymore

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD

* Stacy Aaron Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) As
a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Laura
Graves, Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, and welcome to AMD's First Quarter
2017 Conference Call. By now, you should've had the opportunity to review a
copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary and slides. If you have not
reviewed these documents, they can be found on AMD's website at ir.amd.com.
Participants on today's conference call are: Dr. Lisa Su, our President and
Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will be replayed via
webcast on amd.com.

Before we begin, I'd like to highlight a few dates for you.
We will host our Financial Analyst Day on Tuesday, May 16, at our headquarters
in Sunnyvale, California. Lisa Su will present at the J.P. Morgan Global
Technology Media & Telecom Conference on May 22. Jim Anderson, our Senior
Vice President and General Manager of Computing and Graphics, will present at
the Stifel Nicolaus Conference on June 5. Mark Papermaster, Chief Technology
Officer, will present at the BofA Merrill Lynch Global Technology Conference on
June 6. And our second quarter quiet time will begin at the close of business
on Friday, June 16, 2017.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

Additionally, please note that we will be referring to
non-GAAP financials during this call, except for revenue and segment operating
income or loss, which is on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures
referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures
in the press release and CFO commentary posted on our website at
quarterlyearnings.amd.com. Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You'll also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC
and in particular, AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2016.

Now with that, I'll hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA T. SU, CEO, PRESIDENT AND NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all of
those listening in today. First quarter revenue increased 18% from a year ago
to $984 million based on growth across both of our business segments. Gross
margin also improved, driven largely by the success of our recently launched
Ryzen CPUs. I am pleased with our first quarter product execution and improved
year-over-year financial results, which demonstrate the revenue growth and
gross margin expansion potential with our strong set of new products.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment. We delivered
our fourth straight quarter of double-digit percentage year-on-year revenue
growth. Strong demand for Ryzen CPUs and improved GPU sales resulted in CG
revenue increasing 29% from the year-ago period. CG revenue declined 1%
sequentially, which was better-than-normal seasonality as significant growth in
desktop processor sales, driven by the first month of Ryzen CPU sales, largely
offset seasonal declines in GPU and notebook APU sales.

Solid demand for our family of premium Ryzen 7 processors,
including our flagship Ryzen 7 1800X offering, which is the industry's highest
performance 8-core CPU, drove our highest desktop processor revenue in more
than 2 years. Ryzen CPUs have been consistently ranked among the top-selling
processors at global e-tailers and retailers. And press reviews and end-user
sentiment have highlighted the strong performance and value proposition.

In early April, we launched our enthusiast-class Ryzen 5
processors and received overwhelmingly positive reviews that demonstrate our
multi-threaded leadership and unmatched value proposition.

The Ryzen CPU partner ecosystem also continues to
strengthen. We have seated more than 300 software developers to support their
work optimizing for Ryzen CPUs and have already seen double-digit performance
gains across a number of top-tier gaming titles. Last week, the first
Ryzen-based OEM gaming desktops were announced, and we continue the rapid
rollout of Ryzen-powered systems with additional launches planned for major
OEMs later this quarter.

In Graphics, GPU sales increased by a strong double-digit
percentage from a year ago based on growth across all of our product lines. The
ramp of Polaris-based notebook design wins drove increased mobile GPU sales
while our desktop growth was led by improved channel sales.

In early Q2, we launched 4 new Radeon RX 500 GPUs, featuring
our Polaris architecture that deliver improved performance. These new
mainstream GPUs provide a compelling solution for the millions of gamers
looking to upgrade their PCs to support advanced display technologies and
deliver optimal gaming experiences.

We also saw higher professional graphics revenue from a year
ago, driven by expanding channel sales and growing data center wins, as we
continue to increase our GPU-compute footprint with leading cloud service
providers.

We remain on track to launch the first products from our
next-generation Radeon Vega family later this quarter. Vega is a
forward-looking architecture that combines a revolutionary memory subsystem,
next-generation compute engine, advanced pixel engine and new geometry pipeline
to dramatically improve performance and energy efficiency for the next
generation of GPU workloads. Customer excitement is building as we focus on
bringing significant competition to the high-end GPU space across the PC
gaming, professional design and GPU compute markets.

Turning to our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom segment,
revenue increased 5% from a year ago, driven by the latest game console
offerings from Sony and Microsoft and our third straight quarter delivering
year-on-year embedded revenue growth. We see solid demand for our latest
FinFET-based semi-custom offerings in 2017, including the planned holiday
launch of Microsoft's 4K-focused Project Scorpio console featuring a new AMD
SoC.

On the data center front, in March, we demonstrated that our
upcoming Naples server CPU would offer more cores, I/O and memory bandwidth
when compared to the highest-end dual socket x86 server CPUs currently
available, resulting in better performance across multiple workloads.

Naples platform development work continued to accelerate in
the quarter. We are in the final stages of preparation in advance of launch and
are very pleased with the status of our silicon and customer engagements. We
have now seated thousands of Naples processors across an extensive set of OEMs,
end users and partners, and remain on track for our first Naples products to
launch this quarter.

In closing, we started 2017 delivering significant
year-on-year revenue growth and margin expansion based on solid product
execution and strong market and customer reception to our new leadership
products. Our focus in 2017 remains on launching our Naples server CPU with
broad customer, partner and ecosystem support. Naples is the first step in our
long-term plan to deliver a leadership data center product road map.

Complementing the success of our mainstream Polaris-based
GPUs with our high-end Vega GPUs, extending our Zen core into the mainstream
desktop and premium notebook markets with the launches of our Ryzen 3 CPUs and
Ryzen mobile APUs in the second half of the year, and expanding our
participation in the fast-growing market for GPU compute with the launch of
Radeon Instinct accelerators midyear.

2017 is an important year for AMD, and we are well
positioned for solid revenue growth and margin expansion based on bringing
performance, choice and innovation to an expanding set of markets. I look
forward to discussing more about our long-term strategy at our Financial
Analyst Day later this month.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our first quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, CFO, SVP AND TREASURER, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES,
INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. We had a good start to
2017 as we expanded gross margin, increased revenue 18% year-over-year to $984
million and reduced losses year-over-year.

Computing and Graphics segment revenue increased 29% year-over-year,
driven by the launch of our high-performance Ryzen desktop processors and our
strengthened GPU product portfolio. Our Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom
segment revenue increased 5% from a year ago.

Let me provide some specifics for the first quarter of 2017.
Gross margin was 34%, up 2 percentage points year-over-year, driven by a higher
overall mix of revenue from our Computing and Graphics segment and a richer
product mix within that segment, due to Ryzen desktop processor sales.

Operating expenses were $364 million compared to $332
million a year ago. The increase is due primarily to R&D investments in
Graphics and our server business. Net licensing gain from our server JV with
THATIC was $27 million compared to $7 million a year ago. Operating loss was $6
million in the first quarter of 2017, a significant improvement from a $55
million loss a year ago.

First quarter net interest expense, taxes and other was $32
million, down from $41 million year-over-year, primarily due to a lower overall
interest rate and a lower debt balance. Net loss was $38 million, or loss per
share of $0.04 calculated using 939 million shares of common stock as compared
to a net loss of $96 million or $0.12 a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $28
million, compared to adjusted EBITDA of negative $22 million from a year ago.

Now turning to the business segments. Computing and Graphics
revenue was $593 million, up 29% year-over-year and down 1% sequentially. The
year-over-year increase was primarily due to higher Ryzen desktop, CPU and
graphics processor sales. The better-than-seasonal quarter-over-quarter
decrease was due to lower mobile and graphics processor sales, largely offset
by Ryzen desktop processor sales.

Computing and Graphics business segment operating loss was
$15 million, a significant improvement from a loss of $70 million
year-over-year, primarily due to higher revenue.

Enterprise, Embedded and Semi-Custom revenue was $391
million, up 5% year-over-year, primarily due to higher semi-custom SoC sales.
Operating income was $9 million, down from $16 million a year ago, due
primarily to higher server-related R&D investments, largely offset by an
increase in the THATIC JV licensing gain.

Turning to the balance sheet. Our cash, cash equivalents and
marketable securities totaled $943 million at the end of the quarter compared
to $1.26 billion at the end of 2016. The sequential decrease was driven
primarily by the timing of sales and cash collections, debt interest payments
and increased inventory.

Inventory ended at $839 million compared to $751 million at
year-end in support of the ramp of new products and increased semi-custom SoC
sales in the second quarter.

Long-term debt on the balance sheet was $1.41 billion, down
from $1.44 billion at year-end, primarily due to debt reduction activities. The
principal debt amount was $1.73 billion, down $34 million from the prior
quarter as a result of debt reduction actions.

Turning to our outlook for the second quarter of 2017, which
is a 13-week quarter. We expect revenue to increase 17% sequentially plus or
minus 3%, non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately 33%, non-GAAP operating
expenses to be approximately $370 million, licensing gain associated with our
server JV to be approximately $20 million, non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and
other to be approximately $30 million, and inventory to be down sequentially.

For 2017, we now expect revenue to increase low double-digit
percentage from a year-over-year basis and CapEx to be approximately $140
million, including the capitalization of production mask sets beginning in Q1
2017. Additional 2017 guidance can be found in the CFO commentary document.

In closing, we remain focused on continuing to improve our
financial performance on the strength of new product introductions, continued
financial discipline and ongoing strategic investments in the business. I look
forward to sharing further details on our longer-term prospects at our upcoming
Financial Analyst Day on May 16.

With that, I'll turn it back to Laura. Laura?

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we're ready to
begin the Q&A portion of our call.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question today
is coming from Matt Ramsay from Canaccord Genuity.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY, PRINCIPAL AND SENIOR ANALYST, CANACCORD
GENUITY LIMITED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, I wonder if you could spend a little
bit more time talking about the Ryzen desktop launch, how you would
characterize that it's gone so far? Maybe any kind of quantification you can
give on revenue for the 1 month you had in the first quarter and then for the
second quarter guidance? And then anything that might have limited sales in the
quarter. We heard things about, shortages of motherboards from the SKU
suppliers, et cetera. So any kind of additional commentary around the Ryzen
launch would be really helpful.

LISA T. SU: Yes, sure, absolutely, Matt. So, look, we're
very pleased with how the Ryzen launch well -- went. It was a big launch for
us. We did Ryzen 7 first in early March and then Ryzen 5 here in the middle of
April. All of the feedback that we've gotten so far from both our customers and
from end users has been very strong. I think the value proposition is very
strong at both the Ryzen 7 8-core devices as well as the Ryzen 5 4- and 6-core
devices. Relative to how it performed in the quarter, actually it performed as
we expected. So with the global launch, we were reaching many distributors and
many channel partners, and I think that's going well. We did see some early
shortages in terms of motherboards, and that was our motherboard partners
ramping their supply in line with our CPU supply. But that was really
dissipated after the first couple of weeks. So nothing out of the ordinary
there. So we feel really good about where it is. I think the important thing is
as we go into the second quarter, we not only have the channel sales, but we
also have the major OEMs that will be launching their systems in the second
quarter. So I think that's the next piece of the Ryzen launch for us. But
overall, I would say it went quite well.

MATTHEW D. RAMSAY: And just as my follow-up question, wanted
to ask a little bit about gross margin. Lisa, you talked in your prepared
remarks about as the new product roll out across the different parts of the
company through the year that margins should expand. Yet your -- with a full
quarter of Ryzen, you're guiding gross margin down slightly sequentially. I
know the new gaming console business starts to ramp for the upcoming season in
that quarter as well. So any kind of puts and takes around that gross margin?
Because for some reaction I got from investors tonight that sequentially down
gross margin surprised a couple of folks. So any clarification there would be
helpful.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Absolutely, Matt. So if you look at our
gross margin progression, given the mix of our business, clearly we made
actually very nice progress year-over-year. So if you look at Q1 2017 compared
to Q1 2016, we expanded margin by 2 points and that was really on the strength
of Ryzen. When you look sequentially, because of the mix of our business, game
consoles were at the lowest point in the first quarter, and there will be a
ramp of game consoles going into the second quarter. So the relative mix of the
business sees more game consoles in the second quarter relative to the first
quarter. So that's the reason for the sequential guidance. But again, if you
look year-on-year, Q2 '17 to Q2 '16, you see again a nice margin expansion as a
result of the strength of the products.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ross
Seymore from Deutsche Bank.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE, MD, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Wanted to follow up on the Ryzen launch, not only in the quarter, but also in
the guide, and specifically, any color you could provide on the channel
inventory, how that exited the quarter and what your plans are for adding or
boiling down some of that inventory in Q2?

LISA T. SU: Yes, So, sure, Ross. So as we go into the second
quarter, we certainly are adding both the Ryzen 5 in addition to the Ryzen 7.
So if we look at the forward guidance, up 17% quarter-on-quarter, that is
driven by additional Ryzen as well as the semi-custom ramp that I just talked
about. We are early in the ramp. Everything that we see is -- we're getting a positive
reception throughout the ecosystem and we're going to continue with
go-to-market activities and, as I mentioned, the OEM components of that will
kick in, in the second quarter.

ROSS CLARK SEYMORE: And I guess as my follow-up, 2 quick
ones for Devinder. The inventory went up sequentially by about 11%, 12%. And
you had an explanation for that, but if I recall right, you thought it'd be
flat. So I'm just wondering what changed there? And then with the share count,
I think as you approach breakeven, the share count might change. So any color
you could give us on the share count going forward would be helpful as well.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Why sure. And you're right about the
inventory. The ramp of new products and especially the ramp of the semi-custom
product revenue that Lisa just talked about was the main reason for the high
inventory. We also had the opportunity in the quarter to put [those wafers] in
Q1 ahead of Q2 sales and took advantage of the opportunity leading to the
inventory at the $839 million. On the share count, you're right. As we go ahead
and look at the share count on a basic share basis, we have 939 million, but
there are 2 parts to it. If we were profitable, the warrants that we issued to
Mubadala last year as part of the WSA, those get converted depending on the
stock price, and that would be in there depending on profitability. And then
the second thing is a convertible, obviously, as you know, how that works, is,
if converted, then obviously those will be included in the share count, otherwise
it will depend upon dilution or not, depending on the EPS.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Mark
Lipacis from Jefferies.

MARK JOHN LIPACIS, SENIOR EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, JEFFERIES
LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Perhaps a question for Lisa and one for Devinder. Lisa,
can you talk about whether or not you're getting the right capacity and
expected yields from your foundry as Ryzen launches? And for Devinder, as your
customers take higher ASP processors in the game console business, I seem to remember
when you originally launched, I thought that the -- maybe the initial yields or
maybe the initial margins were not as good but the margins improved over time.
And I'm wondering if, assuming I remembered properly, if that's something also
we should be thinking about as your customers take the higher ASP game console
processors?

LISA T. SU: Sure, Mark. So on your first question, relative
to the margins and how those look, I think they are -- the yields are as
expected, so both the 16-nanometer and the 14-nanometer have done really well.
And so in terms of the new product ramp, the yields are as expected and per our
margin structure.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, on the semi-custom, Mark, as far as the
margins are concerned, you are referring to the operating margins, I think
we're pretty pleased where we are. And it's a mix for us in terms of transition
to some of the products, for example, the Sony PlayStation Pro that we launched
sometime last year and obviously, the older game console that we launched in 2013.
The ASPs do come down over time, although we are able to manage the cost down,
too, and therefore, offsetting the ASP decline.

LISA T. SU: Yes, and, Mark, maybe just to finish off the
comment. I think -- to your question, I think we feel pretty good about our
cost structure. We're always going to continue to try to reduce the cost
structure over time. But in terms of the margin expansion story as we go
through the year, it's going to be about the mix of business. And as we get
into the higher ASP, stronger product portfolio and that ramps to a larger
piece of the business, that will be the margin expansion story.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from David Wong
from Wells Fargo.

DAVID M. WONG, MD AND SENIOR EQUITY TECHNOLOGY AND SERVICES ANALYST,
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you give us some idea of
where Vega sits? Does it focus on the price points above Polaris? Or does it
provide a refresh also within the lower price points where currently you have
Polaris?

LISA T. SU: Yes, absolutely, David. So Vega is really a new
architecture, so it is focused on the price point above Polaris. We expect Vega
to be a broad product for us that will go across the gaming segment, the
professional workstation segment as well as GPUs in the data center, and we
will be launching products across all of those segments with the Vega
architecture in the next couple of months. So the Polaris refresh for us is the
RX 500 series that we launched just a couple weeks ago. And that is what we would
use in sort of those mainstream price points in 2017.

DAVID M. WONG: Great. And could you give us any specifics on
when in the second half you expect to launch notebook and desktop processors
[within cores] and integrated graphics?

LISA T. SU: Yes, so we are on track to launch the rest of
the Ryzen portfolio in PCs. We'll launched Ryzen 3 sort of earlier in the
second half, and then we will launch our Ryzen mobile towards the holiday cycle
for the second half.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Stacy
Rasgon from Bernstein Research.

STACY AARON RASGON, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: For the first one, I'm a little surprised
on the [CSG] business, you said -- I mean, sales were roughly flat,
sequentially, give or take. You said Ryzen sales made up for seasonally lower
GPUs in notebooks we have -- should have materially lower margins. I'm just
amazed -- I'm just very surprised that the loss in the business barely got any
better. Can you give us some indication for where Ryzen margins are today
versus the product that they're replacing? And give us a little bit of color on
why the CPU margins didn't actually get much better just given the ramp?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Stacy, maybe let me start and see if
Devinder has some comments to add. I think certainly the rise in gross margins
are substantially better than the legacy portfolio. So I think that is true. I
think when you look at the sequential, there was 1% sequential decline, and
there was a $7 million or $8 million sequential improvement in operating loss.
There was also some additional R&D in that segment as we're ramping up both
product expenses as well as some sales and marketing and go-to-market expenses
in the quarter. Yes, so overall, it was as we expected. Maybe, Devinder, do you
want to add to that?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I think the other thing I would add,
Stacy, is on the Ryzen piece of it. The ASPs are better, the margins are
better. And as you can see from a segment standpoint, we made some pretty good
progress year-over-year from a viewpoint of the operating loss getting better
or the results getting better year-over-year from a segment standpoint.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. For my follow-up, I guess maybe
it hints at the OpEx a little bit, but it looks like you're capitalizing your
masks now. You took your CapEx side up by $60 million for the year. You went
from $80 million to $140 million. Is that all the mask? And if so, were those
mask costs actually in OpEx before? And if that's the case, have you actually
taken your OpEx guide effectively up by $60 million for the year?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think, 2 parts to it. First of all, on the
mask piece, okay, you're right. The mask costs, as our product development
becomes profitable, I think the mass costs have gone up. Especially with the
latest technology, we went ahead and decided to capitalize the production mask
set cost. From a geographic standpoint, the mask costs, but as they would have
been an R&D previously, would be sitting in the COGS side of the P&L,
and therefore, amortized in the COGS side related to the production of the
unit. And the difference in the CapEx guidance, $80 million to $100 million,
and $40 million is primarily the max costs.

STACY AARON RASGON: Got it. So what does that mean for, I
guess, how you guys are tackling gross margin now if they would have been
directly in the COGS before, and now they're being capitalized over time? Is
that a margin -- I guess, effective margin boost even though it's not anything
on the cash side? And if so, I guess, the same question then, why are margins
down this quarter?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Well, I think margins, as Lisa said earlier,
year-on-year, we're pretty pleased with the progress, 2 percentage points up.
Q2 is a mix of the business, and then as we get to the end of -- to the second
of the year, we'll see the full impact of, not just the Ryzen product, but also
both Naples product that's coming up at the tail end of Q2, and then maybe into
the second half of 2017.

LISA T. SU: Yes, Stacy, maybe I just want to clarify because
I want to make sure that we were clear. So the masks were in OpEx and now
they're going to be capitalized as they go into production. So they weren't in
COGS before.

STACY AARON RASGON: So you have effectively taken your OpEx
up then, because it doesn't look like your OpEx is coming down by the same
amount. So you're spending more?

LISA T. SU: Yes, I think it really is a full year statement,
and I think it's a recognition of, as we transition from 14-nanometer to
7-nanometer, 7-nanometer masks are substantially more expensive than
14-nanometer. So I don't think you can exactly put it the way you put it. But I
think -- overall, I think what we're trying to do is basically, as the masks
sets becomes more sizable on the production level to capitalize them.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Ambrish
Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, MD OF SEMICONDUCTOR RESEARCH AND SENIOR
RESEARCH ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: Yes, I actually wanted
to just continue with the discussion on margins. So would the margin profile
then as we exit the year, should we expect margins -- gross margins to trend up
for the second half versus what you reported, i.e., or what you're guiding to,
i.e., would that be the lowest point for the year? And then I have a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Yes, Ambrish, I think you should expect that we
will expand margins as we go through the year. We do have this mix effect
between semi-custom and new product revenue. But certainly, our exit velocity
as we ended the year, we should see -- when you compare year-on-year sort of Q4
'17 to Q4 '16, you should see the margin expansion.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: Okay, and then for my follow-up, in your
full year guide, on the top line, now you're giving a -- you're quantifying it
versus what you had before. I just wanted to get a little bit more clarity or
to the extent you guys can share on the assumptions that you have baked in
there for the various segments.

LISA T. SU: Yes, so the full year guide is low double-digit
revenue growth, '17 to '16. I think, given our product portfolio being very
much influenced by the PC -- the Ryzen in PCs, Vega for GPUs as well as Naples
from a server standpoint, we expect that the Computing and Graphics segment
will be -- will grow more so than the EESC segment overall on a year-over-year
basis, just given some of the consumer markets move faster than some of the
data center and server markets.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Hans
Mosesmann from Rosenblatt Securities.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, ROSENBLATT
SECURITIES INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Lisa, can you give us a sense of the
introduction of Naples into the second half and next year? Is that going to
reflect or be similar to what you're doing with the Ryzen 7 and then 5 and then
3? And I have a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: Sure. So look, we're really pleased with where
we are with the Naples program right now. Overall, from a performance
standpoint of the product and the customer engagements, it's going as we would
expect. We will launch here in the second quarter. So we'll start some
low-volume of revenue shipments here in the second quarter that will ramp
gradually into the second half of the year. And so overall, I think that is how
the server outlook will be. I think I have said before, and I did still say,
that the server market has a longer design win to revenue conversion cycle. And
so we would expect it to take a couple quarters for us to ramp the Naples
product over time. And you should see a number of customers announcing with AMD
platforms over the next couple quarters.

HANS CARL MOSESMANN: Great. And then as a follow-up on the
server side, what's the strategy in terms of positioning of the product? I
mean, traditionally, in most cases, it's been more of, like, a me-too product
at the low end of the market. What's the strategy here? If you can share that
with us.

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we believe we're highly differentiated
with Naples in the sense that we have more cores, we have more memory
bandwidth, we have more I/O than our competition. So for certain workloads, I
think Naples is going to do very, very well, certainly, in the cloud as well as
in certain HPC workloads and big data workloads that can use all of that memory
and I/O bandwidth. We will be talking more about the positioning of Naples and
the key workloads as we go through the next couple of months prior to launch.
But certainly, we feel that it's, again, like Ryzen, on the strength of the Zen
core, we have a very, very strong foundational product. And now it's about
making sure that we help our customers get to market.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from John Pitzer
from Crédit Suisse.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER, MD, GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY STRATEGIST,
GLOBAL TECHNOLOGY SECTOR HEAD, AND SEMICONDUCTOR/SEMICONDUCTOR CAPITAL
EQUIPMENT ANALYST, CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes, guys, can you hear
me?

LISA T. SU: Yes, John.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: Lisa, can you hear me?

LISA T. SU: Yes, go ahead.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: Yes. Just quickly, Lisa, given that mix
is now becoming quite important in trying to understand gross margin, I'd be
kind of curious, what percent of your compute business in the March quarter was
based on Ryzen? And I guess, if you assume that all of it transitions to Ryzen
eventually, had that occurred in the March quarter, can you give us an
understanding of how much better gross margins would have been? And then I have
a follow-up.

LISA T. SU: All right, John, that might be hard for me to
answer very specifically. But let me give you the high-level view. So, look, we
started selling Ryzen on March 2, and a good piece of it was basically for us
positioning into the distributors. We take revenue on a sellout model, and so
you should think about -- although we shipped a number of Ryzens, we didn't
necessarily revenue them all in the quarter, just given that we're on a sellout
model for our revenue recognition. In terms of where we are in the transition,
Ryzen, non-Ryzen, we still have a long ways to go. I mean, the way you should
think about it is Ryzen 7 was at the very high end. We're going to -- Ryzen 5
has started, we have Ryzen 3 that will come next and then we have the entire
mobile portfolio as well. So it will take us through this year to really
transition the majority of the product over to Ryzen. I think everything that
we've seen, the ASP uplifts are definitely very beneficial. And so we're
pleased with sort of the pricing that we're commanding for the product and the
reception for the product. So I think it's just that it will take us a couple
quarters to transition the overall portfolio over to Ryzen.

JOHN WILLIAM PITZER: Well, Lisa, as a follow-up to that, I
know you guys are coming up with an Analyst Day next month and some of these
targets might change. But to the extent that your old gross margin target was
sort of 36% to 40%, I'm just kind of curious to what extent can you get to that
sort of 38% midpoint just by moving your current market share mix towards
Ryzen? And to what extent does getting to 38% or above imply either market
share gains in the compute business on the desktop notebook side or on the
server side? How do I think about that dynamic?

LISA T. SU: So the long-term guidance at 36% to 40%, I think
we have multiple ways of getting there. Certainly, on the PC side, it is not
anticipating that we gain a significant amount of share over our historical
numbers. So I think the idea on the PC side is, again, I think 2017, a large
percentage of the margin story is around PCs. I think as you go into 2018,
you'll see a larger percentage of that be in servers. But to the fundamental
question, I think we feel good that the mix dynamics are there, the product is
strong enough to command the right ASPs that we can get to the long-term margin
target several different ways.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Vivek Arya
from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Lisa, for my first one, back to Ryzen. When I look at your Q2 outlook, it's
going up about $170 million or so sequentially. And when I look at the last few
years, generally Q1 to Q2, just the console side, has gone up over $100 million
or so. So is it fair to assume that Ryzen perhaps is contributing something in
that $50 million, $60 million, $70 million? And if that is the case, how does
that compare to your original expectations? Did they change throughout the
quarter because of whatever pricing action [people] might have taken? Just that
this $50 million, $60 million, $70 million, if this is right, is this a run
rate number for Ryzen? Or how should we put this in the context of what Ryzen
can be as it becomes a bigger part of your portfolio?

LISA T. SU: Sure. So without commenting on the exact numbers
between semi-custom and Ryzen, I think it's fair to say that the semi-custom
business will have a reasonable ramp in the second quarter as will Ryzen. In
terms of relative to our expectations, it's actually very close to our
expectations of what we expected the ramp rate to be as we're going into this
new segment. As I think I mentioned on one of the previous questions, we don't
expect to be at peak run rate in the second quarter. I think we will be
continuing to ramp Zen-based product in the PC business throughout the year as
we bring more and more SKUs online. And so I think the second quarter is --
will certainly be higher than the first quarter, and I would expect the second
half to be higher than what we're seeing in the second quarter, as we ramp more
and more SKUs, as more OEM platforms come online. As you guys know, the PC
business is -- it tends to be a very back-half loaded business. So as we get
into back to school, the retail segments and holiday, you would expect that
both channel and OEM PC sales to benefit from the stronger product portfolio.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. And as my follow-up, how do you feel
about the PC gaming market for this year? I know just near term, there have
been some concerns about excess-GPU inventory in China. Have you -- are those
concerns based on fact? Or are they just perception? And have you seen anything
abnormal in the demand or supply for PC-GPU product, in any region or any
customer segment?

LISA T. SU: Yes, on the GPU side, we actually haven't seen
anything abnormal. We normally see the seasonality going from the Q4 to Q1,
that sales go down. We saw something very normal to that. From an inventory
standpoint, we think it's normal to maybe even slightly lean because we were
going through a transition from our 400 series to 500 series. So we see the gaming
segment as healthy.

VIVEK ARYA: And any comment for the full year? Last year --
last, actually, couple of years have been quite strong in PC gaming. I know you
probably may not quantify it, but just how do you feel about the overall PC
gaming market? Do you think the trend persists in terms of both unit and
pricing expansion this year?

LISA T. SU: Yes. From what we see, I think we feel good
about the gaming segment overall. Graphics continues to be a strong segment.
For, us it's not just a channel business, but it's the ramp of our OEM
business. So we have a number of new OEM systems that are also ramping here in
the first half of the year. As it relates to ASPs, we are excited with the
launch of Vega that will see a significant improvement in our ASPs, just given
our current presence in the high-end segment of the GPU market. So yes,
overall, I think we feel good about the market.

OPERATOR: Our next question today is coming from Blayne
Curtis from Barclays.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Actually 2 related ones. Just wanted to go
back to the OpEx in terms of, not only is it up sequentially but then you're
getting extra from the move of the mask sets. Can you just talk about where
that OpEx dollars are going? And if it's, in fact, servers, can you just talk
about the spend required to get at the market? And then just I wanted to
clarify on the expense, it should hit gross margin, but can you just talk about
7-nanometer as a whole and timing as those would come through? Is it a back --
is the CapEx back-end loaded when you're doing the $140 million? And then just
talk about the impact to the gross margin with the higher 7-nanometer spend now
hitting gross margin.

LISA T. SU: Yes. Maybe let me start on the OpEx and then
have Devinder comment on the second piece of the question. So on the OpEx, we
are making targeted investments in several different areas. The key areas are
in GPUs and server. And it's both on the R&D side as well as on some go to
market. So from our standpoint, these are very strong products. We want to make
sure that we have enough customer resources to help our customers ramp into
production. So I think they're targeted investments, but as we've been in the
past, we'll be very prudent with where the OpEx goes. And then relative to
the...

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think the CapEx, you asked about the front
end -- back end. I think it's pretty balanced. Maybe it's about $40 million,
$60 million, first half, second half to $140 million, but it's pretty balanced.

BLAYNE PETER CURTIS: Then just in terms of the impact to the
gross margin as the mask sets roll through?

DEVINDER KUMAR: They're all contemplated. I think we've had
a lot of discussion on the gross margin improvement year-over-year and sequentially.
And Lisa has referenced about improving gross margins as we go through the year
and the move of the other expenses from the OpEx side related to the mask costs
capitalization to the COGS side of it, which impacts gross margin, is all
contemplated in that gross margin improvement.

OPERATOR: Our next question is coming from Joseph Moore from
Morgan Stanley.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I wonder if you could talk about what the CPU mix looks like
over the course of the year. And you've talked a lot about the Ryzen ramp, but
what's happening to the older products? Do you see a long tail on that? Or is
there a coexistence between the 2 product portfolios? Or are you sort of
rotating everything to Ryzen on a faster basis?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So, Joe, the way to think about that is for
the Ryzen 7 and a good portion of the Ryzen 5, we really didn't have a
competing product in that segment, so it's really additive. I mean, we've
actually added [SAM] to our CPU market coverage. The legacy products will
continue in the market. They would certainly continue through this year, and
that's all contemplated in the model. So we feel that they're very
complementary products. And different geographies move at different rates. We
have still a significant installed base of motherboards out there from our
previous generation, so we'll keep supporting both products.

JOSEPH LAWRENCE MOORE: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then
as you've talked about getting better Ryzen penetration over the course of the
year, how do you think about Intel's new products in the back half? And you
know, they've talked about sort of a 15% performance per clock improvement on
their new 14-nanometer product. Is that contemplated in your guidance? And how
are you thinking about the Ryzen products stacking up against that?

LISA T. SU: Yes. So we're very pleased with where the Ryzen
product is positioned now. We think, from a value proposition standpoint,
performance, performance per dollar, it's very strong. We obviously have --
other products are -- we're going to be launching throughout the year to ensure
that we have strong product positioning throughout the year. And I think the
more important thing, Joe, and we'll talk more about this at our Financial
Analyst Day, is we have a long-term road map, whether you're talking about PCs
or GPUs or servers, to ensure that we continue to refresh our product plans and
our product road maps over time. So I think we feel good about where we are
positioned today and we're going to ensure that we continue to roll out
products to strengthen that positioning over time.

OPERATOR: Our final question today is coming from Chris
Rolland from Susquehanna.

CHRISTOPHER ADAM JACKSON ROLLAND, SENIOR ANALYST,
SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: I wanted to ask about the
staggered launch to the major PC OEMs. Was that like just a modest supply
constraint on the rollout? Or if not, then why not just launch to the
enthusiast and the major PC OEM market together? And do you plan to do the same
on Ryzen 5 and 3?

LISA T. SU: Yes, Chris. So there was no particular supply
constraint. I think it's more of the ebb and flow of the market. When you think
about the channel market or the DIY market, you can basically introduce your
product any time during the year. The OEMs have a very set cycle. They
typically launch new products in Q2 for the back-to-school season, and so that
was just the timing of when the OEM platforms were ready. And then again, when
you're launching so many different SKUs, I think launching Ryzen 7 first, then
Ryzen 5, then Ryzen 3 was absolutely our plan to make sure that we hit all of
the logistics and stuff on plan. But overall, like I said, nothing different
than what we expected. I think we're pleased with where -- the overall
launches, and we'll be rolling out many more products over the coming quarters.

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, Lisa. Thanks, everybody. And thank
you to everyone on the call who joined us today. We look forward to speaking
with you again. As a reminder, our Financial Analyst Day will be Tuesday, May
16, at our corporate headquarters in Sunnyvale. We look forward to speaking
with you again. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does concludes today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050117a10194069.769










 EXECUTIVES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); BOARDS OF DIRECTORS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCES &
CONVENTIONS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (98%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (93%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (84%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

CANACCORD GENUITY INC (56%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (98%); AMD (FRA) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (84%); DBK (FRA) (84%);
DBK (BIT) (84%); DBETN (JSE) (84%); DB (NYSE) (84%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS334413 SEMICONDUCTOR & RELATED DEVICE
MANUFACTURING (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (93%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (93%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(93%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (93%);
NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (93%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (93%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%);
SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (84%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS,
ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); BANKING
& FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(91%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); SEMICONDUCTOR MFG (90%);
SEMICONDUCTORS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); WEBCASTS (89%); SECURITIES
BROKERS (88%); MEDIA & TELECOMMUNICATIONS (79%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (77%); INTERNET & WWW (75%); TELECOMMUNICATIONS (73%)










 LISA SU (93%)










 SAN FRANCISCO BAY AREA, CA, USA (52%); CALIFORNIA, USA
(71%)










 May 6, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
31, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 7184 words

Corporate Participants

* Laura Graves

, Inc. - Corporate Vice President,
IR

* Lisa Su

, Inc. - President and CEO

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - SVP, CFO, and Treasurer

Conference Call Participants

* Mark Lipacis

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* Matt Ramsay

Canaccord Genuity - Analyst

* Vivek Arya

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Stacy Rasgon

Bernstein - Analyst

* Ross Seymore

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Chris Rolland

Susquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst

* Chris Hemmelgarn

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* John Pitzer

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Joe Moore

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Vijay Rakesh

Mizuho Securities USA - Analyst

* Kevin Cassidy

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices Q4 and full-year 2016 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Laura Graves,
Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

LAURA GRAVES, CORPORATE VICE PRESIDENT, IR, ADVANCED MICRO
DEVICES, INC.: Thank you and welcome to AMD's fourth-quarter and fiscal
year-end conference call. This is Laura Graves. I recently joined the AMD IR
team as Corporate Vice President of Investor Relations and I'm pleased to join
you on today's call.

By now you should have had the opportunity to review a copy
of our earnings release and the CFO commentary and slides. If you have not
reviewed these documents, they can be found on AMD's website at ir.amd.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on amd.com.

Before we begin today's call, I would like to share with you
that first-quarter quiet time will begin at the close of business on Friday,
March 17, 2017. And that we will host out financial analyst day on Tuesday, May
16 in California. Lastly, let me remind everyone that the fourth quarter of
2016 was a 14-week quarter and that first-quarter 2017 will be a 13-week
quarter.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of the current
date, and as such involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

Additionally, please note that we will be referring to
non-GAAP figures during this call, except for revenue and segment operating
income or loss, which is on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP financial measures
referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable GAAP financial
measures in the press release and CFO commentary, which is posted on our
website at quarterlyearnings.amd.com.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You will also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC
and in particular AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
September 24, 2016.

With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA SU, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.:
Thank you, Laura, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. In 2016,
we made meaningful progress across the Company, strengthening our product
offerings, regaining share in key markets, and creating a solid foundation for
sustainable growth.

Fourth-quarter revenue of $1.11 billion grew 15% from the
year-ago period based on a substantial increase in computing and graphics segment
revenue. Revenue decreased 15% sequentially based on seasonally lower
semi-custom SoC shipments, while we achieved our second straight quarter of
computing and graphics segment revenue growth. For the full year, growth across
both of our business segments resulted in a 7% increase in annual revenue,
non-GAAP gross margin expansion, and positive free cash flow.

Looking at our computing and graphics segment, on a
full-year basis, CG annual revenue grew for the first time since 2011 as our
focus on strengthening this key part of our business gained momentum.
Fourth-quarter revenue increased 28% from the year-ago period based on strong
GPU and mobile APU sales growth. Our CG quarterly revenue was the highest in 2
years, our client revenue was the highest in seven quarters, and we delivered
our highest graphics processor revenue in 11 quarters.

Mobile APU shipments and revenue growth accelerated, as
strong adoption of our seventh generation notebook APUs drove notebook share
gains in the quarter. Desktop processor sales increased sequentially and
declined from a year ago in advance of our Ryzen desktop processor launch this
quarter.

At CES, we highlighted broad design win and ecosystem
momentum for Ryzen. 17 different system integrators unveiled Ryzen-based gaming
and enthusiast systems. And multiple ecosystem partners announced plans to
offer a broad range of premium Ryzen motherboards.

We have also secured a number of high-end design wins for
Ryzen with our global OEMs. We remain on track to launch Ryzen in early March,
with widespread system and channel availability expected on day one.

In graphics, strong sales increases across all of our
product lines drove a double-digit increase in GPU processor revenue from a
year ago. Desktop GPU shipments and revenue increased by double-digit
percentages from a year ago based on growing OEM and channel adoption of
Polaris GPU's. Polaris processor sales were particularly strong in the
performance and enthusiast portions of the market, resulting in our highest channel
GPU sales in more than two years.

Mobile GPU sales growth outpaced desktop in the quarter, and
we believe we gained further share in this part of the market as the first
Polaris-based notebooks launched. We also launched Radeon Pro 400 mobile GPUs
in the quarter. These ultrathin performance GPUs are ideal for mobile content
creators and are powering Apple's latest premium MacBook Pro notebooks.

And in professional graphics, we finished off a record year
with record quarterly revenue and unit shipments. Traditional workstation GPU
sales grew in the quarter, as HP, Dell, and others began offering systems
powered by our recently launched Radeon Pro WX GPUs.

We also continued to make progress in the server GPU market,
with sales increasing significantly to support new mega data center
deployments. As a part of our strategy to drive Radeon GPUs into the data
center, we announced our Radeon Instinct family of machine intelligence
accelerators and detailed our plans to expand the market for machine learning
based on AMD's unique combination of high-performance GPUs, CPUs, and open
source software.

Turning to our enterprise embedded and semi-custom segment,
revenue increased 4% from a year ago, driven by growing embedded processor
sales and ongoing demand for AMD-powered Microsoft and Sony game consoles. As
we expected, revenue declined sequentially following the annual sales peak in
the third quarter. 2016 game console sales aligned with our expectations,
resulting in new records for semi-custom annual unit shipments and sales.

Embedded processor sales grew by double-digit percentages
sequentially and from the year-ago period based on adoption across our targeted
vertical markets. And development of our next-generation server CPU,
""Naples"", is on track as we continue to expand the
breadth of our customer and partner engagements to enable broad platform,
ecosystem, and software validation work in advance of launch.

""Naples"" is meeting our performance
targets, and customer response to our competitiveness and differentiated
feature set continues to be overwhelmingly positive. As a result, we expanded
our design win momentum in both traditional and cloud servers as well as in the
embedded infrastructure and communications markets.

As we look back on 2016, we successfully accomplished our
key priorities, including growing discrete graphic share led by Polaris GPU
adoption; regaining client compute share led by our seventh generation APUs;
growing in adjacent markets with record annual semi-custom game console revenue
and professional graphics; and strengthening the financial foundation of the
Company by achieving annual non-GAAP operating profitability, reducing debt,
and increasing cash.

All of our work the past two years has been designed to
strengthen the technical, operational, and financial foundation of the Company.
We enter 2017 with strong revenue growth and margin expansion opportunities as
we prepare to launch our "Zen"-based CPUs and Vega GPUs that can
return AMD to the high-performance markets where we have not materially
participated in recent years.

The production ramp, customer adoption, and ecosystem
support for our Zen-based desktop processor Ryzen are all mapping to our plans.
We also remain on track to expand "Zen" into the data center market
in the second quarter, followed by the embedded and notebook markets in the
second half of the year.

Our Vega GPU development is also progressing to plan. Vega
is designed to scale beyond the limitations of current GPUs to enable PC
gaming, professional design, and machine intelligence experiences that
traditional GPU architectures have not been able to effectively address.

We provided our first performance preview of Vega GPUs
earlier in the quarter in advance of the launch planned for the second quarter
of this year. Bringing all this together, based on our current market
expectations and the strength of our upcoming products, we are confident we can
grow annual revenue, expand gross margin, and deliver non-GAAP net income in
2017.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Devinder to
provide some additional color on our fourth-quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SVP, CFO, AND TREASURER, ADVANCED MICRO
DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. 2016 was a good
year for AMD as we grew revenue, improved our financial performance, and
strengthened the financial foundation of the Company.

AMD annual revenue grew 7% year-over-year with growth in
both business segments. We expanded gross margin, maintained essentially flat
operating expenses, achieved operating profitability, and reduced net losses
significantly.

In addition, we improved our balance sheet with strategic
capital market transactions that reduced and re-profiled debt, and lowered
interest expense. Finally, we generated positive free cash flow and ended the
year with cash and cash equivalents of $1.26 billion.

Now let me provide the specifics of the fourth quarter of
2016 together with quarterly year-over-year comparisons. Revenue was $1.1
billion, increasing 15% year over year due primarily to higher GPU processor
sales, and declining 15% sequentially, driven primarily by seasonally lower
sales of our semi-custom SoCs, partially offset by higher sales in the
computing and graphics segment. Gross margin was 32%, up 2 percentage points year
over year and up 1 percentage point from the prior quarter due to higher
computing and graphics segment revenue.

Operating expenses were $357 million compared to $323
million a year ago and $353 million in the prior quarter. Both increases were
due to ongoing targeted investments in R&D to support our new products. Net
licensing gain associated with our server JV with THATIC was $31 million, up
from $24 million in the prior quarter.

Operating income was $26 million in the fourth quarter of
2016 compared to an operating loss of $39 million a year ago and operating
income of $70 million in the prior quarter. Operating income is down from the
prior quarter due to lower revenue.

Fourth-quarter net interest expense, taxes, and other was
$34 million, down from $40 million a year ago and $43 million in Q3 2016,
primarily due to reduced interest expense. Net loss was $8 million or loss per
share of $0.01, calculated using 931 million shares of common stock. This
compares to a net loss of $79 million or $0.10 a year ago and net income of $27
million or $0.03 in the prior quarter.

Adjusted EBITDA was $60 million compared to adjusted EBITDA
of minus $5 million a year ago and adjusted EBITDA of $103 million in the third
quarter of 2016.

Now turning to the business segments. Computing and graphics
revenue was $600 million, up 28% year over year and up 27% sequentially,
primarily due to higher GPU and client processor sales. Computing and Graphics
business segment operating loss was $21 million, improving significantly from a
loss of $99 million from a year ago and a loss of $66 million in the prior
quarter, primarily through higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2016.

Enterprise embedded and semi-custom revenue was $506
million, up 4% year over year and down 39% from the prior quarter, primarily
due to lower sales of our semi-custom SoCs. Operating income was $47 million,
down from $59 million a year ago and down from $136 million in the prior
quarter. The year-over-year decrease was primarily driven by higher R&D investments
in Q4 2016, partially offset by an IP monetization licensing gain.

Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and cash equivalents
total $1.26 billion at the end of the quarter compared to $785 million a year
ago and $1.26 billion in the prior quarter. Inventory was $751 million compared
to $678 million a year ago and $772 million in the prior quarter. Inventory
levels were higher from one year ago in support of product transitions and
higher revenue in the first half of 2017. Total wafer purchases from global
foundries in 2016 were $665 million and $239 million in the fourth quarter.

Long-term debt on the balance sheet as of the end of the
quarter was $1.44 billion, down from $1.63 billion in the prior quarter,
primarily due to debt redemptions. The principal debt amount of $1.77 billion,
down from $1.93 billion as of the end of the third quarter of 2016, is
reflected on the balance sheet as the carrying value of debt after netting the
unamortized discount of our convertible debt and issuance costs.

During the fourth quarter of 2016, we redeemed $268 million
principal amount of debt. In addition, we issued $105 million principal amount
of 2 1/8% convertible notes due 2026. As a result of the underwriters
exercising the option to purchase an additional 15% of the original issuance,
bringing the total principal balance of the convertible notes to $805 million.
Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was $167 million, a significant
improvement from $27 million one year ago and $20 million in the third quarter
of 2016.

Turning to our outlook for the first quarter of 2017, which
is a 13-week quarter, we expect revenue to decrease 11% sequentially plus or
minus 3%. The midpoint of guidance would result in Q1 2017 revenue increasing
approximately 18% year-over year; [non-GAAP] gross margin(added by company
after the call) to be approximately 33%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be
approximately $360 million; [non-GAAP] interest expense, (added by company
after the call) taxes, and other to be approximately $30 million; inventory to
be approximately flat sequentially. We look forward to sharing additional 2017
and long-term guidance parameters at our financial analyst day in May.

In closing, we are pleased with the progress we made in
2016. As we begin 2017, we look forward to introducing several new leadership
products and remain focused on further improving our financial and operational
performance.

With that, I will turn it back to Laura. Laura?

LAURA GRAVES: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, with that, we
are ready for our first question.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.

MARK LIPACIS, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Thanks for taking my
question. Lisa, I'm hoping that you can help me understand the dynamic of
desktop microprocessors ramping down in front of the Ryzen ramp. My
understanding was that Ryzen was the higher-end SKU that comped against the
Core i5 or Core i7, which is above where the existing microprocessors competed
in the stack.

So I'm wondering if we should think about Ryzen either
cannibalizing the existing desktop microprocessors at a higher ASP or are you
kind of ramping down the lower end? Or should we think about Ryzen layering on
top of the existing lower-end desktop microprocessors? Thanks.

LISA SU: Yes, absolutely, Mark. Thanks for the question. So
look, you are absolutely right. Ryzen is really a high-end desktop product. And
I think the comment was really around our overall channel inventories in
desktop, so we wanted to ensure a very smooth transition.

No question that Ryzen will layer on top, competing well in
the Core i7, Core i5 range. But we also will eventually see a full lineup of
Ryzen throughout the desktop portfolio.

MARK LIPACIS: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And a
follow-up, if I may. Is it fair to assume that as Ryzen ramps into the
enthusiast stack that you would expect to see attach rates of AMD graphics
cards also -- I guess I would expect to see higher attach rate of AMD GPUs with
the Ryzen. Is that fair?

LISA SU: Yes, if you look at our product lineup in the first
half of the year, I think we have Ryzen launching in early March, and then we
will have Vega, our enthusiast GPU, launching in the second quarter. And so as
we go through the year, I think we are quite pleased with the performance that
we are seeing on both of those products.

And so we should see Ryzen doing very well in the high end
as well as Vega. And by nature, since both of those high-end markets are
markets that we don't have significant presence today, there will be an opportunity
to both gain share as well as increase attach rates in those markets.

MARK LIPACIS: All right. Very helpful, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Matt Ramsay, Canaccord Genuity.

MATT RAMSAY, ANALYST, CANACCORD GENUITY: Lisa, since we
understand that Ryzen launching here in March is going to lead into relatively
the same core that these -- the server microprocessor that launches in the
second quarter, maybe you can give us a little bit of update on timing to the
specifics that you can on the server launch. And specific, what segments of
that market, maybe in terms of, I don't know, application segments or
percentage of the server TAM, that you might be going after in the first
several quarters after you launch the server product. Thanks.

LISA SU: Sure, absolutely, Matt. So as you stated, Ryzen and
"Naples" share the same core, the same CPU core, which is our Zen
core. Our performance on that core has done very well. We've actually met or
exceeded our expectations.

So Ryzen will launch in early March. "Naples" will
launch in the second quarter. We have made very good progress, actually, in the
last few months with customers really testing the performance capability on
their own software and their own application workload, so we feel good about
where the product is positioned.

We expect that the key workload -
""Naples"" is really has broad applicability in the server
market, but we are especially targeting workloads that will benefit from more
threads, higher memory, as well as I/O bound applications. So we expect cloud,
Big Data applications, as well as traditional enterprise. And our focus is both
with OEMs as well as ODMs to ensure that we have a strong ecosystem ready for
that launch.

MATT RAMSAY: Great, thank you. And then a couple follow-ups
for Devinder, if I could. I noticed that quite a big ramp year over year in
growth in the computing and graphics segment, but it's still a slight operating
loss on the P&L.

Maybe you could talk through maybe as the new product
launches and the GPU and CPU segments of the year, how do you think about gross
margin in that computing and graphics segments and getting that back to
profitability. And then quickly, I think you guys guided to $50 million in
THATIC IP revenue. Any help about how that is distributed through the year
would be really helpful. Thank you.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, let me cover the second one first on
the THATIC IP licensing gain. You know, we had $88 million of that in 2016. As
you observed, we guided $50 million in 2017. It is really dependent upon milestone
deliveries, but I can share with you that based on tracking to those
milestones, where we expect to recognize approximately half of that, call it
$25 million, in Q1 of 2017.

And then as far as the second question, on the segment,
Computing and Graphics: yes, very good progress I think year over year and
quarter over quarter. We are very pleased with that. The segment loss has gone
down significantly from Q4 2015, where we were about $100 million, so about $20
million.

And with the new products that are coming up, in particular,
the Ryzen product we just talked about, with better gross margins and other
products in the graphics space, we expect to continue to make progress in that
segment, and reduce the losses and get back to profitability.

LISA SU: Yes, Matt, and if I can just add to that. I think
the key for the computing and graphics segment is our participation at the
higher end of the market for both CPUs and GPUs. And as we do that, the margin
expansion as well as the revenue growth opportunity are critical to get that
business to profitability.

MATT RAMSAY: All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: Vivek Arya, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

VIVEK ARYA, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Thanks for taking
my question. Good job on the execution. My first question, Lisa, is on the
gaming cycle. Because it seems like we have had a number of good years. So what
is your sense of where we are in that cycle?

And just near term, what is your perspective on GPU channel
inventory? And how you are making sure the channel is not overstocked as you go
into your next-generation product cycle?

LISA SU: Yes, absolutely Vivek. So on the console market, I
think you are right. I think the last few years have been very good from a
console cycle standpoint. We finished 2016 with both units and revenue up.

As we going to 2017, this is going to be the fifth year of
the cycle. So normally, if you look at historicals, it would say that hardware
sales might be down. This cycle is a bit different with both the PlayStation 4
Pro that launched a couple quarters ago and then the Scorpio -- Microsoft
Scorpio that will launch later this year.

So we will need to see how they do through the year. But I
think from our standpoint, the console business has been a strong business
performer for us and we are pleased with that.

Relative to the GPU market, we were very pleased with the
performance in Q4 and actually throughout 2016. We got both nice desktop
channel as well as notebook acceleration as we went through the year.

In terms of channel inventory levels, actually they looked
quite normal. I would say we drained a little bit of inventory in Q4. We would
expect a seasonal slowdown as we go into Q1 ahead of our product launches, but
nothing unusual in the channel inventory on the GPU side.

VIVEK ARYA: Got it. Very helpful. And as my follow-up, if
you compare AMD versus your top two competitors, Intel and Nvidia, what are the
biggest gaps? Because it seems like you are making good progress on the
hardware side with a number of new product launches. What about software? How
soon do you think you can close the gap there? Thank you.

LISA SU: Yes. So in terms of our strategy, I think on both
the CPU and the GPU side, we have been on a fairly deliberate path to ensure
that we got to a very competitive roadmap. So on the CPU side with Ryzen and
"Naples", we believe we will be quite competitive. On the GPU side,
as we launch Vega, we will have a full stack top to bottom with new hardware.

We continue to invest in software, and our approach to
software is really around open source and using the ecosystem and using the
community and focused on the new APIs. So in gaming, we are very focused on
DX12 and Vulcan.

And on the professional graphics and on the GPU server side,
really using our GPUOpen. So we will continue to invest in software; no
question that that is really critical for the graphics market. But we feel we
are making good progress.

VIVEK ARYA: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Stacy Rasgon, Bernstein Research.

STACY RASGON, ANALYST, BERNSTEIN: Thanks for taking my
questions. First on the gross margins, I was a little surprised, given the
fairly powerful mix shift between computing and EESC that you had, that they
weren't higher. In fact, they came in about 20 basis points below guidance.
Could you elaborate on the drivers in the quarter and the drivers going forward
into next quarter which we will -- what we should expect.

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think Stacy -- good question. It is
basically the product mix of it in the quarter. Q4 -- if you look at Q4 in
particular, we were at 31% gross margin. Q2 and Q3 and Q4, it stepped up to
32%. In Q1, we are guiding at 33%, but really it's a function of the product
mix.

And you can recall that if you are talking about Q4, this is
ahead of launching the products we just talked about in terms of Ryzen, which
we expect to be shipping in the early March time frame.

STACY RASGON: Got it, thanks. For my follow-up, I know you
talked about EESC being seasonally down and we are expecting it to be down, but
how did it stack up actually versus your expectations overall? Why was there
such a big deceleration year over year versus Q3, where you went from kind of
up 31% year over year to up 4%?

LISA SU: Yes, actually, Stacy, it was very much in line with
our expectations. If you look at our Q3, our Q3 was actually very strong, and
that was the quarter where there were significant builds ahead of the holiday
launches.

So when you look at the console cycle in general, they tend
to build really for holiday. And so July, August, September, October are big
build months, November is like half a month, and then it decelerates in
December. So it was not unexpected and actually performed in line with our
expectations.

STACY RASGON: So why was the build so strong in Q3 than
relative? Was that - year-over-year. Was that just like the PlayStation Pro or
was there something else going on in Q3 that took it up so much year over year
versus Q4?

LISA SU: Yes, it was new product. And if you looked, in
addition to the PS4 Pro, they also -- both console manufactures had new systems
that they launched in that time frame as well.

STACY RASGON: Got it. Thank you, guys.

OPERATOR: Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank.

ROSS SEYMORE, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Thanks for letting me
ask a question. Lisa, one for you or Devinder. For the first quarter, and then
perhaps more importantly for the full year, can you just talk a little bit
about the dynamics between your two segments?

You guide down 11% for the first quarter, which is above or
below that number. And then how does mix change throughout the year, as you
have a bunch of new products launching on one side of the equation, but perhaps
not as many on the EESC side.

LISA SU: Yes, sure, Ross. So for Q1, I think if you look at
the -- overall, the guidance sequentially down 11%, you would expect that the
semi-custom business should be down more than that. And you have seen that in
our numbers the past couple of years, so it is behaving as it normally would.

Sequentially, you would expect that the Computing and
Graphics segment would be better than seasonal, given that we will have one
month of Ryzen in the market. On a year-over-year basis, I would say the
computing graphics business is where you are seeing the majority of the growth
as we go into Q1 with both GPU as well as Ryzen driving that growth.

As we go forward in the year, I think the expectations are
that the product launches tend to be faster in the CG segment. In other words,
from launch to revenue ramp is faster because it's more consumer-based. So as
we launch Ryzen in first quarter and Vega in second quarter, but then the
notebook and embedded in the second half, you would expect to see that
reflected.

On the EESC side of the business, we do have our Microsoft
Scorpio design win that will ramp in the year. That's an important one from the
semi-custom side. And we will see "Naples" ramp as well, albeit
server will tend to be a little bit slower from design win to revenue ramp. We
would expect some contribution in the second half of the year.

ROSS SEYMORE: Great, thanks. And then for my follow-up one,
perhaps for either of you again, how do we think about the OpEx side of things
as we go through the year? And I know you purposely didn't guide to it in your
2017 as a whole, but conceptually when you are launching a bunch of new
products, is it fair to assume that the SG&A side of things to support
those launches increases? Any sort of color you can give about your philosophy
on OpEx will be helpful.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I think our philosophy, first of all,
is to be very disciplined about managing the OpEx. We did that, as you saw, in
the 2014/2015 time frame. In 2016, we made some very targeted investments to
products, which is -- with the launches that are happening in 2017, I would say
they are going to pay off in terms of all the products we have on track to
launch in 2017.

We have invested in software. We have got obviously some
go-to-market expenses as we get into 2017. But I would say that you see our
guidance for Q1 2017 at $360 million. So you will see a trend of continuing
investment in product roadmap, new product launches, software.

R&D, if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, is up
actually close to $50 million. And SG&A was down, even though we were
essentially flat on OpEx 2015 to 2016. And I think as you look at 2017, we will
continue to stay lean in SG&A and prioritize investments in R&D for the
go-forward execution of our plans going into future years.

ROSS SEYMORE: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Chris Rolland, Susquehanna International Group.

CHRIS ROLLAND, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP / SIG:
On the server side, you guys talked about "Naples". And Lisa, you
mentioned more threads, higher memory, and I/O. With these products, do you
anticipate taking more share in the cloud? Or how do you think you are going to
fare versus enterprise storage comms, high performance? Is it going to be a lot
more cloud-centric?

LISA SU: Chris, the great thing about "Naples" is
it really is a general-purpose product, so we will play in all of those
segments. I think the cloud tends to move a bit faster in terms of just, again,
from design win to revenue. So we certainly are very focused in the cloud, but
I'm also quite enthusiastic about our opportunities in traditional enterprise
as well as some of the storage and networking spaces.

CHRIS ROLLAND: Okay, great. And then with, let's say, Summit
Ridge and Vega and "Naples" all coming online here, can you guys talk
about where these products -- the gross margins are versus either your
corporate average or a comparable product now? And if things ramp the way you
expect them to, when might you hit the low end of your long-term gross margin
range?

LISA SU: So maybe, Chris, I will start and Devinder can add.
Clearly you mentioned some of the key products that are margin drivers for us.
So Ryzen in high-end desktop, our server CPUs, server GPUs, professional
graphics are all north of the corporate average. We still have game consoles,
which will be a significant piece of our business that will be less than
corporate average.

So our expectation is that we will make progress with
margins as we ramp these products. Relative to when we will hit the long-term
guidance, I think we will defer that perhaps to our analyst day and note that
the target is still to be within the 36% to 40% range on a long-term model.

CHRIS ROLLAND: Thanks so much and great quarter.

OPERATOR: Blayne Curtis, Barclays.

CHRIS HEMMELGARN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: This is Chris
Hemmelgarn on for Blayne. Thanks for very much for letting us on to ask a
question, and congrats on the good quarter and guidance.

I guess first of all, a number of questions have touched on
this, but with Ryzen launching and then Vega in Q2, you presumably see some
pretty big channel fill in Q1 and into Q2. Could you just talk about how you
see that impacting seasonality through the rest of the year. Q3, Q4 are
normally bigger quarters for PC sales, but you got big product launches in the
first half.

LISA SU: Yes, we're certainly looking forward to those
product launches. And the way we view it is yes, there's some bit of channel
fill, but I think there's also some pent-up demand for really great products in
the gaming space. Both Ryzen and Vega are targeted at those enthusiast gamers.
So certainly we do expect -- normal seasonality would say that the second half
would be stronger.

Note that on Ryzen, we are starting first in the channel and
with system integrators, and then OEMs will launch shortly thereafter. So you
would expect a stage launch of our partners.

CHRIS HEMMELGARN: That's very helpful, Lisa, thanks. And
then just as a follow-up, so you have announced your first non-game console
semi-custom win launching this year. As that business has matured, can you talk
how you see further opportunities to grow outside of the core game console
market there?

LISA SU: Yes, so we have talked about three design wins and
those are in progress now. In terms of ongoing engagements, we have a nice
pipeline. We continue to view semi-custom as a strategic way for us to utilize
our IP in our design capability. And so we will continue to view that is one of
our go-to-markets for the IP that we are developing. And we will talk more
about the semi-custom opportunities as we go forward.

OPERATOR: John Pitzer, Credit Suisse.

JOHN PITZER, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Good afternoon, guys. Lisa,
congratulations on the strong results for 2016. I guess I wanted to go back
with my first question to the OpEx line. If you just look at total dollars
spent, you are spending well below your two main competitors.

And I'm just kind of curious. As revenue growth starts to
reemerge in the model, how should you think about -- or how should we think
about OpEx growth relative to revenue growth? Is there a target that you can
give us that you'd like OpEx to grow half as fast as revenue?

Or are you at a point now where you see a lot of incremental
investments that are worth doing that might have OpEx growth that are growing
faster than that? Any guidance there would be helpful.

LISA SU: Yes, certainly, John. Look, I think we have shown
that we can be very disciplined with OpEx, and I think we will ensure that --
OpEx will certainly not grow faster than revenue. So that won't happen.

I think the opportunity for leverage does exist longer term
in our model, but in the short term, I am very focused on ensuring that we
execute our product roadmap really, really well. And so this year, it is about
our product launches, making sure that we have the right software investments
and go-to-market.

We are going to see improvement in the financial performance
as a result of the margin expansion. And we'll look to find leverage on the
OpEx line I think in the longer term as we continue to make progress. But
again, we will be very disciplined on the OpEx line.

JOHN PITZER: That's helpful, Lisa. And then I guess as my
second question, just going back on the gross margin for Ryzen and Vega. I
guess can you help me understand, just given where in the stack those two parts
will compete, why they shouldn't have gross margins that are more comparable to
your two closest peers. Is that kind of the internal target or is that how we
should be thinking about it? Or any guidance there would be helpful.

LISA SU: Yes, so I think for the high-end parts, both Ryzen
and Vega, and "Naples", frankly, we should expect that they are well
above our corporate average in terms of margin. As it relates to our
competitors, I think that's a harder question, but our goal is to make sure
that we have very competitive product on a pure performance basis. And so that
has been the goal, and that is certainly how we are viewing it.

But we will also have some opportunity for price-performance
leverage as we gain share in the market. So I think where we are positioning
the products is the right place and the right balance between revenue growth
and margin. And we will certainly look for every opportunity to improve our
margins over time.

JOHN PITZER: Thank you, guys.

OPERATOR: Joe Moore, Morgan Stanley.

JOE MOORE, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: I guess the question I
get most frequently is Zen looks pretty exciting in 2017, but you are competing
with Intel, who has got 10-nanometer product coming. How do we think about this
on a multiyear basis, Zen as a springboard to compete with them? And anything
you can share in terms of the product roadmap and the longer-term competitiveness
of these products you are introducing now?

LISA SU: Sure, Joe. So look, we do think Zen is very, very
competitive for where we are. In terms of our longer-term roadmap, I think, as
with anything for top OEM customers, especially server data center customers,
they are investing in a roadmap. So they are not just buying a point product.
And we have a multigenerational roadmap that we are working on, including the
Zen 2 and the Zen 3 follow-on.

From our standpoint, process technology, we ramped 16-nanometer
and 14-nanometer really well last year and into this year. We are actually in
the process of developing now in 7-nanometer and we think the 7-nanometer
foundry roadmaps are available, are very competitive, and will ensure that we
have a strong multigenerational roadmap.

JOE MOORE: Great, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Vijay Rakesh, Mizuho and Company.

VIJAY RAKESH, ANALYST, MIZUHO SECURITIES USA: Thanks, guys.
Sorry to beat upon this, but when you look at the Radeon Instinct GPUs and the
Vega architecture in 2Q 2017 and first half 2017 here, are the gross margins
more in the 40% to 60% range as they go into data center versus what your
existing margins are?

LISA SU: No, Vijay, I think it's fair to say that both
professional graphics and our Radeon Instinct line are higher than normal the
GPU products -- the consumer GPU products in terms of margin. And now, we view
the data center GPUs as a great growth opportunity for us. And so it's a key
area of focus.

VIJAY RAKESH: Got it. And you mentioned GPUs seeing traction
in multi-threaded applications. And so with that strength, there especially
with [deplaning exit], what are your expectations for growth in that market if
you were to -- obviously you are going from zero. But incrementally, what
should that drive for -- in revenues for AMD? Thanks.

LISA SU: Yes. So again, we view GPU servers as a very good
growth opportunity for us. We are starting from a small base, but we have had
some really good engagement with cloud customers. And we had some meaningful
revenue in the second half of 2016, and we expect it to be a growth driver for
us into 2017 and beyond.

OPERATOR: Kevin Cassidy, Stifel.

KEVIN CASSIDY, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Thanks for taking
my question. On your Zen product lineup, you will have an APU in the second
half of the year. And what kind of GPU does that have on it?

LISA SU: Yes, Kevin, we will have an APU, we call it Raven
Ridge, in the second half of the year off of the Zen processor core. And we
haven't announced details of the graphics just yet.

KEVIN CASSIDY: Okay. Will that be targeted for both desktop
and notebook?

LISA SU: Yes, it will be. But it's a very strong notebook
part when you think about the high-end notebooks, two-in-ones and those types
of things. But yes, it can also be used in desktop.

KEVIN CASSIDY: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Ambrish Srivastava, BMO.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS: I had a
question on inventory, Devinder. You did give us the reason for why the
inventory is higher. But what I'm trying to understand is why the delta between
the guidance that you had given, which was supposed to be in the $660 million
amount, which you guided to.

Was there a change in what you were expecting for the
roadmap? Where there uncertainties that you had guided to $660 million, and now
you came up to the number that you reported on the fourth quarter? Thank you.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I think it's fair to say that from the
time I gave the guidance, $660 million coming into $750 million, that there
were some changes, but let me explain.

First of all, it was higher than anticipated due to product
ramps, product mix, and also our higher expected revenue in the first half of
2017. We also had an opportunity to purchase some inventory in a tight PC
supply environment at commercially favorable terms. And we took the opportunity
to go ahead and purchase the inventory, given what we see from a revenue
standpoint for the first half of 2017.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer
session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any further
or closing comments.

LAURA GRAVES: Lisa, anyone? Thank you very much. Thank you,
operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on our call today. We look forward
to speaking with you throughout the quarter. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful
day. We thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 013117a7504346.746










 EXECUTIVES (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL
RESULTS (77%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (74%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

JEFFERIES LLC (72%);

CANACCORD GENUITY INC (58%);

MIZUHO SECURITIES CO LTD (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (96%); AMD (FRA) (96%); CSGN (SWX) (57%);
CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%); DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT)
(57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%); DB (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (91%); WEBCASTS (89%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (78%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%)










 CALIFORNIA, USA (77%)










 March 27, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
20, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 6717 words

Corporate Participants

* Ruth Cotter

, Inc. - Chief Human Resources
Officer and SVP of Corporate Communications and IR

* Lisa Su

, Inc. - President and CEO

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - SVP, CFO and Treasurer

Conference Call Participants

* Matt Ramsay

Canaccord Genuity - Analyst

* Mark Lipacis

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* John Pitzer

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* David Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Chris Hemmelgarn

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Stacy Rasgon

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst

* Ambrish Srivastava

BMO Capital Markets - Analyst

* Joe Moore

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Chris Rolland

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices third-quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now
my pleasure to introduce your host, Ruth Cotter, Chief Human Resources Officer,
for Advanced Micro Devices. Ms. Cotter, you may begin.

RUTH COTTER, CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER AND SVP OF
CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, and
welcome to AMD's third-quarter conference call. By now, you should have had the
opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary and
slides. If you have not reviewed these documents, they can be found on AMD's
website at IR.AMD.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. This is a live call, and
will be replayed via webcast on AMD.com.

I'd like to highlight a few dates for you this afternoon.
Lisa Su will present at the Credit Suisse PMT conference on November 30 in
Arizona. I will present at the NASDAQ investor program on November 30 in the
UK. Devinder Kumar will present at the Barclays Global Technology Media and
Telecommunications Conference in December in San Francisco. And our fourth
quarter quiet time will begin at the close of business on Friday, December 16,
2016.

Before we begin, let me remind everyone that third-quarter
2016 was a 14-week quarter, and we expect to record our extra week in the
fourth quarter of 2016. Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements,
based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of the current
date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

Additionally, please note that we will be referring to
non-GAAP figures during the call, except for revenue, which is on a GAAP basis.
The non-GAAP financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most
directly comparable GAAP financial measures in the press release and CFO
commentary, posted on our website at QuarterlyEarnings.AMD.com.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You'll also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors and our filings with the SEC,
and in particular, AMD's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 25, 2016. With that, I would like to hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA SU, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.:
Thank you, Ruth, and good afternoon to all those listening in today. Our strong
third-quarter results highlight the progress we have made across AMD this past
year, as we improved our financial performance by delivering great products.
Third-quarter revenue of $1.3 billion increased 27% sequentially and 23% from
the year-ago period, driven by upside demand for our graphics products, and
record semi custom sales.

In addition to the significant revenue growth, we also
achieved several financial and operational milestones in the quarter. We
strengthened our balance sheet and improved our P&L through a series of
capital markets transactions that reprofiled and reduced our debt. We also
signed a strategic amendment to our Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES
that provides sourcing flexibility and financial predictability. Most
importantly, we delivered non-GAAP net income in the quarter, based on strong
execution of our product road map, and growing momentum across our business.

Looking at our Computing and Graphics segment, we had solid
growth in the quarter. Revenue increased 9% sequentially, and 11% from the
year-ago period, driven by improved sales of mobile APUs and discrete GPUs.
Mobile processor revenue and unit shipments increased for the fourth straight
quarter, as 7th-generation APU shipments continued ramping, highlighted by the
launch of our new PRO Series APUs earlier this month with HP.

Customer and partner excitement for our Zen-based desktop
product, Summit Ridge, is growing as we successfully passed several key
engineering and design win milestones in the quarter. We provided our first
competitive performance preview of Summit Ridge in the quarter, and believe we
will have a very competitive offering for the $4 billion high performance
desktop processor market. We are working closely with our infrastructure
partners and customers, in preparation for the launch in early 2017.

In graphics, we had a very strong quarter, with discrete GPU
revenue and unit shipments growing by double-digit percentages sequentially and
year-over-year. The launch of our expanded family of Polaris desktop GPUs, and
our first full quarter of RX 480 sales drove our highest quarterly channel GPU
revenue and ASP since early 2014. Radeon RX GPUs now account for more than 50%
of our channel GPU revenue.

Polaris GPUs continued to gain traction based on their
leadership performance in VR and on the rapidly expanding number of software
titles that feature the latest generation of APIs, like DirectX 12 and Vulkan.
Our progress in the quarter was punctuated by Oculus, announcing a limited
edition Oculus-ready PC, powered by an AMD FX processor, and Radeon RX 470 GPU
that brings the cost of entry for a VR-ready system down to $500 for the first
time. This is a meaningful milestone for consumers, and I am excited that AMD
is enabling the ecosystem, and driving broader adoption of VR, by making
premium experiences available at such an attractive price point.

We also delivered our fourth straight quarter of sequential
revenue growth for our professional graphics products. In addition to solid
workstation sales growth, we expanded our presence in the server GPU market, as
HP announced availability of multiple Radeon options across their traditional
and blade server offerings. And just last week, we announced the collaboration
with Alibaba Cloud, China's largest cloud provider, to deploy Radeon PRO server
GPUs across their datacenters to expand the scale and services of their global
cloud offering.

We now have material server GPU engagement with multiple
cloud datacenter providers, demonstrating that our strategy to grow our
presence in this profitable market by delivering superior performance with
Radeon PRO hardware, in conjunction with industry-standard programming tools
and APIs, is beginning to pay off. Now, turning to our enterprise embedded and
semi-custom segment.

Revenue increased 41% sequentially, and 31% from the
year-ago period, driven by record semi- custom sales, which included the ramp
of three new FinFET-based products powering the Xbox One S, updated PlayStation
4, and our new design win in the Sony PlayStation 4 Pro. We are on track to
grow semi-custom unit shipments and revenue for the third straight year,
demonstrating our leadership in high-performance gaming technologies for the
very successful game console market. We expect fourth-quarter revenue to be
down seasonally, as we transition from our annual semi custom sales peak in the
third quarter.

Our embedded product sales grew sequentially, as our newer
design wins reached production. In server, our Zen-based high-performance
processor remains on track for introduction in the first half of 2017. We
successfully passed several silicon and platform technical milestones in the
quarter, and have secured multiple new design wins across OEM, enterprise, and
cloud providers.

In closing, as I complete my second year as CEO of AMD, I am
pleased with the solid progress we have made across the Company on multiple
operational, product, and financial fronts. We are executing our long-term
strategy, and a set of near term priorities that I believe provide AMD with
significant opportunities over the next 18 to 24 months, to drive top line
revenue growth, operating margin expansion, and free cash flow generation.

We have strengthened the core of the Company, by clearly
defining the markets where we have technology and expertise to win; bringing a
laser focus to our product execution around our graphics and microprocessor
road map; creating deeper, more lasting relationships with strategic customers;
monetizing our assets and valuable IP with two joint ventures in China; and
reengineering our balance sheet to increase our cash balance and reduce debt. I
want to thank the thousands of AMDers whose determination this past year has
allowed us to put in place the financial and operational foundation to drive
growth and profitability.

In 2017, with Zen and Vega, we are focused on delivering our
strongest product portfolio in over a decade, capable of unlocking multiple growth
pillars for our business across the data center, gaming, and high performance
graphics and PC markets. I am proud of what we have accomplished, and I believe
that the best is yet to come. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder,
to provide some additional color on our third-quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SVP, CFO AND TREASURER, ADVANCED MICRO
DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and a very good afternoon to everyone. In the
third quarter, we achieved another milestone in our progress as we return to
non-GAAP net income profitability. The third-quarter financial performance was
driven by strong demand for our semi custom SoCs, higher graphics revenue, and
positive free cash flow.

We executed a series of capital markets transactions that
have significantly improved our balance sheet, and turned that profile, and
will reduce interest expense beginning in Q4. We also finalized a long-term
strategic Wafer Supply Agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES.

Third-quarter revenue was $1.3 billion, up 27% sequentially,
driven by higher sales of our record semi custom SoCs and higher graphics
processor sales. The year-over-year revenue increased 23%, driven by higher
sales of our semi custom SoCs, client mobile processors, and graphics
processors.

Non-GAAP gross margin was 31%, flat from the prior quarter,
driven by a richer mix of PC and graphics products, offsetting lower margin
semi custom product. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $353 million, up $11
million from the prior quarter, due to increased R&D investment. We
recognized $24 million of net licensing gains, associated with our server JV
with THATI. Non-GAAP operating income was $20 million this quarter, up $67
million from the prior quarter.

Third-quarter other net expense was $63 million, mostly consisting
of a $61 million loss related to debt retirement. The equity loss in the ATMP
JV was $5 million based on our 15% JV ownership stake. Non-GAAP net income was
$27 million, with earnings per share of $0.03.

Non-GAAP EPS was calculated using 865 million diluted shares
of common stock, which includes 12 million shares associated with the equity
offering that closed late in the third quarter. Included in our GAAP operating
loss and GAAP net loss is a $340 million charge associated with our fixed
amendment to the WSA with GLOBALFOUNDRIES. Adjusted EBITDA was $103 million,
compared to $36 million in the prior quarter.

Now, turning to the business segments. Computing and
Graphics revenue was $472 million, up 9% from the prior quarter, and up 11%
year-over-year, primarily due to increased sales of GPUs and client mobile
APUs. Computing and Graphics segment operating loss was $66 million, compared
to $81 million the prior quarter, primarily due to higher revenue.

Enterprise embedded and semi custom revenue was $835
million, up 41% from the prior quarter, and 31% higher year-over-year, driven
by higher semi custom SoC sales. Operating income of this segment was $136
million, up from $84 million in the prior quarter, primarily driven by higher
revenue.

Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and cash equivalents
totaled $1.3 billion at the end of the quarter, up $301 million from the end of
the prior quarter, including $274 million remaining from the proceeds of our
capital market transaction. Excluding this amount, the cash was $984 million,
as compared to $957 million last quarter. Free cash flow was a positive $20
million in the third quarter.

Inventory was $772 million, up $29 million or 4% from the
end of the prior quarter, in support of holiday season GPU and semi custom
product sales expectations in the first part of the fourth quarter. Total wafer
purchases from GLOBALFOUNDRIES in third quarter were $168 million, and we
continue to expect overall wafer purchases of approximately $650 million in
2016, including $155 million purchased in early 2016, as part of the fixed
amendment to the WSA.

Debt as of the end of the quarter was $1.6 billion, down
from the prior quarter, due to our significant debt reduction effort. During
the third quarter, we raised approximately $1.4 billion in cash, as a result of
issuing $690 million of common stock, which includes the exercise of an
underwriter's option to purchase 15% or $90 million of additional common stock,
and the issuance of $700 million in 2 1/8% convertible notes due in 2026. We
used the majority of these funds to redeem outstanding term debt through cash
tender offers, and we paid off the outstanding ABL balance of $226 million.

In addition, early in the fourth quarter, another $105
million of convertible notes were issued as part of the exercise of an
underwriter's option, bringing the total principal amount of the 2026
convertible notes to $805 million. We also redeemed the remaining principal
debt balance of $208 million of the 2020 senior note, which was our most
expensive debt. This debt has now been fully paid off.

The debt reductions and issuance of the new convertible
notes due 2026 that occur in the third quarter and early in the fourth quarter
will result in approximately $55 million of annualized cash interest savings,
beginning in the fourth quarter. Please refer to today's CFO written commentary
for further details of the capital markets transactions and debt on the balance
sheet. Free cash flow in the third quarter was a positive $20 million, compared
to a negative $106 million in the second quarter of 2016, primarily due to
increased revenue, improvement in working capital, and a reduction in capital
expenditures.

Now turning to our fourth quarter 2016 outlook, a 14 fiscal
week quarter, as it has an extra week. We expect revenue to decrease 18%
sequentially, plus or minus 3%, primarily driven by a seasonal decline in our
semi custom business, and an improvement in our CG business. Revenue at the
midpoint of guidance would be up 12% year-over-year. Non-GAAP gross margin to
be approximately 32%.

Non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $350
million. IP monetization licensing gain to be approximately $25 million. To
maintain non-GAAP operating profitability, non-GAAP interest expense, taxes and
other to be approximately $32 million. Cash and cash equivalents to be up, in
line with our guidance of ending 2016 with positive free cash flow, excluding
cash from capital market transactions, and the net proceeds from the ATMP JV.

Inventory to be down to approximately $660 million. Basic
share count to be approximately 930 million, including 115 million shares
related to the third-quarter equity issuance. And we now expect full-year
revenue growth to be up approximately 6% from 2015, based on the midpoint of fourth
quarter revenue guidance.

In closing, we are very pleased with the progress we have
made in the third quarter. With focused execution we continue to build a solid
financial foundation for the Company. In just the last three months alone, we
achieved non-GAAP net income profitability, amended the WSA with
GLOBALFOUNDRIES across multiple years, and deleveraged and derisked the balance
sheet with our capital markets transaction, such that over the next five years,
there is less than $200 million of term debt due.

We look forward to continued execution, and further
improving our financial performance. With that, I'll turn it back to Ruth.
Ruth?

RUTH COTTER: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we would be
pleased to poll the audience for questions, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Our first question today is coming from Matt Ramsay from
Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.

MATT RAMSAY, ANALYST, CANACCORD GENUITY: Thank you very
much. Good afternoon. Obviously a lot has gone on in the last quarter. I
figured I would ask a couple things about Zen, since that's been one of the
things that's most topical, in my conversations with investors.

Lisa, you talked about in your prepared remarks, there are
multiple OEM engagements and design wins for desktop, and also the same on
server. Maybe you could do a little bit to expand upon those? The timing of
launch of each, and in particular in the server market, the focus, whether that
be enterprise, or whether that be cloud-based. Thank you.

LISA SU: Absolutely, Matt. Thanks for your question, and as
you said, it's been a very busy quarter for us. As it relates to Zen, we are on
track to launch in the first half of the year, for both our desktops and our
servers. The desktop launch will go first, and it is on track for the first
quarter, and then the server launch will go in the second quarter.

We've had a wide amount of sampling that's gone on in the
third quarter. We have multiple customers on both the PC side, as well as the
server side, who have working hardware now in their labs. They're bringing up
their platforms and software, and we're very pleased with how smoothly it's
coming up, actually.

So you asked specifically about the server side. Our focus
on servers is really across the OEM business, including enterprise, as well as
the cloud data centers. And I think the key for us is we're getting a lot of
interest from our partners, and we continue to work with them to bring up their
systems. But I think we are optimistic about where we are in the Zen bring-up,
and the Zen launch cycle.

MATT RAMSAY: Thank you for that. That's helpful. I guess as
a follow-up there, in the server market, I think obviously your GPU primary
competitor has had some very stellar traction with server acceleration around
GPUs, and you highlighted in the prepared remarks some wins and engagements
that you had on Polaris, and I assume on Vega for server acceleration.

Maybe you could expand on that commentary a bit, what you're
investing there, how the GPUOpen, or the OpenCL Environment is developing
relative to the CUDA environment in server acceleration, and just what
proportion of your GPU business could be driven by that server opportunity in
the long term? Any commentary there would be great. Thanks.

LISA SU: Yes. So let's talk overall about our graphics
business. So when you look at our graphics business, certainly we're very
pleased with the progress that we've made on the consumer side, with Polaris.
But we've also mentioned that we've made good progress on the professional
graphics side, including both workstations, as well as server GPUs.

I think the market is certainly very receptive to growth in
the server GPU area. I was just at the Alibaba Cloud computing conference last
week, where we announced our collaboration with them. They're actually using
parts that are pre-Polaris and pre-Vega. We were demoing a GPU-based cloud
server based on some of our FirePro technology, using hardware-based
virtualization.

I think the main feedback that we've gotten from them, as
well as multiple other cloud engagements, is the hardware looks very good.
We're working with them on the overall infrastructure and software to bring
that up, and we believe that the products are very competitive in this market.
And the market is nice because it's certainly margin accretive, to the consumer
side of the business.

So we do expect as we bring out Vega in the first half of
2017, that will certainly strengthen the product portfolio. But there's a lot
of interest in the cloud space around what we're doing with Radeon PRO and on
the server GPU side.

MATT RAMSAY: Thank you very much. I'll get back in queue.
Appreciate it.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from
Ross Seymore from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.

(Operator Instructions)

RUTH COTTER: We can go to the next caller, operator. Thank
you.

OPERATOR: Certainly. Our next question is coming from Mark
Lipacis from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.

MARK LIPACIS, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: I had two questions.
First one, on the Alibaba deal, so this is not a new set of products you're
developing, it's products you already have. And can you talk about, to the
extent this is a cloud services offering versus deep learning applications,
that they might be doing with your products? And I guess when I think about the
architecture, I normally think about having an X86 processor sitting next to
the GPU. I was wondering is it logical to assume that Zen is the natural X86
pairing with your GPUs in the Ali deployments?

LISA SU: Sure, Mark. So again, I think on the Alibaba
deployment, it is the beginning of what we expect to be a long-term
collaboration. So the work today is being done on a pre-Polaris base, but we do
expect that will upgrade as we go forward.

I think the key is, there are many, many applications, but
what we're starting from is a GPU base cloud server application, so in
virtualized environments, you can imagine cloud gaming or remote
workstation-type environments which need a lot of graphics horsepower, as well
as virtual desktop environments. And I think as we go forward, certainly, we
view the opportunity to expand that into a broader set of workloads, as well as
obviously on the CPU side as well. We think the cloud is a very important market
for us to focus on, on both the GPU and the CPU side, and we're ramping up our
efforts there.

MARK LIPACIS: Great. A follow-up if I may. Last night Tesla
announced that it was using NVIDIA for their self-driving car, but on the
conference call Elon Musk, I think the expression he used, was that it was a
tight decision between NVIDIA and AMD, which suggests that you're further along
in solutions for deep learning and neural networking than most, including
myself, thought.

And so I was wondering, can you talk about your efforts in
deep learning and artificial intelligence, how big is that business now? Do you
have anything in that business now? And how do you grow that, going forward?
Thank you.

LISA SU: Sure, Mark. So look, there is a lot of interest in
the deep learning space overall, and certainly our GPUs are very applicable to
that space. So when we look at competitiveness and all that stuff, we think we
can be very competitive there.

We will be talking more about our strategy in the coming
quarters, so maybe let me refer to that, Mark. But I think suffice it to say, I
think we looked at GPUs as overall secular growth, whether you're talking about
consumer, professional workstations, server GPUs, or any of this machine
learning area. So we're going to continue to invest and lean in, in those
areas.

MARK LIPACIS: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from
John Pitzer from Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.

JOHN PITZER, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Lisa, Devinder, nice
job on the quarter. I guess, Devinder first. Just going to the December quarter
guidance, you're characterizing it as seasonal.

I know the trappings of talking about normal seasonal,
because there's so much variance around it, but it does seem like in prior
quarters, where you had a 14th week, that extra week actually did help revenue
a little bit. I'm just kind of curious within the context of the December
quarter guidance, how you're thinking about that extra week, both on the
revenue line and on expenses.

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think if you look at a 14-week quarter, I
think, John, you're right, it depends upon many factors. Our 14-week quarter is
in the Q4 time frame, which is this quarter we are in. On the revenue side, I
would say looking at it overall, there's not much of an impact, as the extra
week falls during the holiday season, when a large portion of our operations
and our customers are in shutdown mode. There is an impact on the expense side,
but that's already contemplated within the guidance of OpEx that I gave, the
$350 million due to the extra week.

JOHN PITZER: That's helpful. And then Lisa, a little bit
longer term. Over the last several quarters, you've been somewhat forced to try
to manage profitability levels to that breakeven line, given the lack of
revenue growth.

But now that you're on this path of more sustainable revenue
growth, I'm just curious as you think about R&D specifically, how should we
think about your desire to want to invest in higher rates, as revenue begins to
grow from these levels? Because clearly, as Mark talked about on the last
question, you've got a lot of potential new areas and opportunities to go
after. Can you give us a sense as to what -- to what degree you think you've
been under-investing in R&D and how we should think about R&D
investments over the next several quarters, as revenue growth resumes?

LISA SU: Absolutely, John. I think it's fair to say that
we've been very prudent in how we've invested overall. If you look at our
operating expenses, 2016 to 2015, although we've been relatively flat overall,
we've actually increased R&D, relative to other elements of the P&L.

But as we see revenue growth and as we've seen progress over
the last couple of quarters, I think you've also seen us increase our R&D
spend. I think there are several areas that we see as very large opportunities,
and we talked about some of the graphics areas in the previous question with
Mark. I also think in the data center, there's a large opportunity for us on
the CPU side, as Zen fully comes to market.

So I think we have an opportunity to invest a bit more in
R&D as our revenue grows, but we're still going to be very prudent with how
we do that. I think the key metric there in terms of being net income
profitable this quarter, ensuring that we get free cash flow positive from
operations for the full year, those are all important metrics for us, and we're
going to continue to manage very diligently.

JOHN PITZER: That's helpful. Thank you. Congratulations.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from
David Wong from Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.

DAVID WONG, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: Do you
expect GPU sales will grow sequentially in the December quarter, and what about
computing revenues?

LISA SU: Yes, so David, I think we would expect overall that
the CG business or the Computing and Graphics business will grow in Q4. The
EESC business will be down. And then within the Computing and Graphics
business, I would expect growth on both the graphics, as well as the computing
side.

DAVID WONG: Great. And do you have any new semi custom wins
you can tell us about, or at least give us some idea of what the momentum is in
the pipeline?

LISA SU: Yes, I think on the semi custom side, David, I will
say that we previously announced three, and that's the number that we'll talk
about today. Two of them are now known, and they're both in the game console
area, one is outside of game console. I will say that we have some very good
active discussions on future products and applications, and we'll update more
as we get further along.

DAVID WONG: Great. Thanks.

LISA SU: Thanks, David.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Blayne
Curtis from Barclays. Please proceed with your question.

CHRIS HEMMELGARN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: This is Chris
Hemmelgarn on for Blaine. With Summit Ridge launching in Q1 of 2017, how would
you expect the channel to ramp that? Do you see it ramping pretty fully in the
first couple quarters of the year, or are you looking for more normal PC
seasonality?

LISA SU: I would expect that there will be a relatively good
initial demand for Summit Ridge, that may be not quite at the seasonal
patterns. From where we see, Summit Ridge is playing in a space in the high end
desktop, that we currently aren't offering a product. So we believe we'll be
competitive certainly with Core I5 as well as Core I7, and we will be launching
in those areas.

CHRIS HEMMELGARN: Thanks very much. Then looking at the GPU
side of things, you saw some pretty nice share gains in the first half of this
year with the legacy portfolio. Any metrics you can give to help frame how the
business did in the first full quarter with Polaris? And any further color you
can provide on how you see the share situation progressing into the year-end.

LISA SU: We're very happy with how Polaris ramped in Q3. The
customer demand across all geographies was very strong. Q3 was primarily a
channel-based quarter. With our board partners, and as some of you noted, in
the early part of Q3, we actually had some supply constraints, given the
customer demand. We did catch up towards the end of the quarter.

So very pleased with how that's ramped. I think it's a very
competitive market. We've leaned into VR, and we've leaned into our work with
CX12 and I think you can see in some of the benchmarks that we're doing very
well there. As we go into Q4, in addition to the channel partners continuing to
ramp, you should expect some OEMs launching in Q4 more broadly. And so Polaris
is off to a very strong start.

CHRIS HEMMELGARN: Thanks very much, Lisa, and congrats on
the strong quarter.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Stacy
Rasgon from Bernstein Research. Please proceed with your question.

STACY RASGON, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN & CO.: I
first wanted to ask about the second sourcing ability embedded in the new Wafer
Supply Agreement. So you've said that you're going to be doing some second
sourcing, starting in 2017. I wonder, did that push to actually seek out that
supply diversification come from you, or was it from specific requests from
your customers? And given that, how do you make the decision on which products
to manufacture at GLOBALFOUNDRIES versus manufacture somewhere else?

LISA SU: Sure, Stacy. Let me start with that. I think,
relative to our second sourcing or our supply sourcing flexibility, I think we
make it on a product-by-product basis, based on where we are in the business.
So we will have multiple products in 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer that will be
sourced across foundries, and similarly when we talked about the Wafer Supply
Agreement, we mentioned 7-nanometer as being a key target node for that.

Relative to how we make the decisions, I think it's a
combination of factors. It includes the complexity of the product. It includes
the timing, customers, all kinds of things. So I think that's part of our
product planning process.

STACY RASGON: Got it. But did the customers themselves have
a hand in driving you to make that push to second source?

LISA SU: I think that's one element, but frankly, I think
what's more important to me is, I need to commit a strong, five-year product
road map to the customers, and so we want to make sure that we have all the
flexibility to ensure nothing happens. I'll give you just a little bit of
context, Stacy, because I think you know our business well.

In this past six months, we've ramped five new FinFET
products. It's the fastest transition we have ever made in a process node, and
it's gone really, really well. And I think what's helped us with that is the
fact that we've had two sources ramping at the same time.

STACY RASGON: Got it. For my follow-up, I just want to get
some clarification on the timing of the Summit Ridge and Zen launches. You said
Summit Ridge launches obviously in Q1 2017. You had said before that you were
going to be shipping at least some product in Q4 of this year. Is that still
true? And around the server launch in Q2, does that mean the volume is actually
in Q3?

LISA SU: So I think our expectation is, we may ship some
production samples in Q4, but the volume launch for desktop will be in Q1, and
that's consistent with everything that we've planned into the business. And as
it relates to server, I think it's a little early to tell. I think we'll go
through our process, and our customers' processes, and we'll have more color on
that, as we get into next year.

STACY RASGON: Got it. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from
Ambrish Srivastava from BMO Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS: In your
prepared remarks, you mentioned semi custom's decline and computing graphics to
be up. Implies you'll have a pretty rich mix for Q4. Why is GM guided up only
1% given the really strong mix for 4Q?

DEVINDER KUMAR: If you look at it from an overall
standpoint, let's talk about Q2 to Q3, first of all. Q2 to Q3, we had a
significant ramp in the semi custom space, which led to significant revenue in
the EESC side, and we were able to manage the margin flat quarter on quarter,
which we are pleased with. Going to Q4, essentially with the Computing and
Graphics business, that's what Lisa said ramping, and then EESC business, in
particular semi custom coming down. The gross margin is up a percentage point,
primarily due to the mix in revenue between the two segments.

AMBRISH SRIVASTAVA: Okay. And for a follow-up, a question on
the cash balance. Looked like you're guiding cash to be up in 4Q, and looks
like you have some excess cash after the transactions you've done in the
quarter, and looks like you might be up over your $1 billion target balance.
How do you plan on using the excess cash, or where would you reinvest that
cash?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think right now, as you observe, it's
through the end of Q3 we did have some remaining net proceeds from the capital
market transactions. After completing what we did in the early part of Q4, we
have about $162 million of remaining net proceeds.

What we plan to do with it, I think from a long-term
strategy, that hasn't changed. Our plan is to continue to delever the balance
sheet, reduce debt towards our longer-term targets getting to the net debt cash
neutral that I talked about previously, and getting the leverage ratio down to
about 2 times from a longer term standpoint.

RUTH COTTER: Operator, we'll take two more questions,
please.

OPERATOR: Certainly. Our next question today is coming from
Joe Moore from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.

JOE MOORE, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Lisa, you talked about a
$4 billion performance desktop opportunity. What's your thinking in terms of
what you can eventually attain of that, just how are you thinking about your
potential for market share? And can you give us some sense for, when you have a
chip like this, that you have enthusiasm about, how quickly it can ramp into
that segment? Thank you.

LISA SU: Yes. So I think if you look at our PC market share,
as it's published by Mercury, we're talking about somewhere around 10%, plus or
minus. I think we view that historically we've been higher than that in the PC
market, and certainly the desktop market, especially the desktop channel
market. We're fairly well-known by that customer set.

So we're enthusiastic about Summit. We think the performance
is right on the mark with what we wanted to achieve. And we're hopeful that as
we launch into the first quarter, that there will be a good, solid ramp in that
business.

JOE MOORE: Okay. Great. And then, how are you thinking about
as you think about bringing that chip to market, when will you make it
available for third party benchmarks and sort of get a broader marketing
program beyond the launch you've done?

LISA SU: I would expect certainly there are a lot of
confidential benchmarks at the moment, but in terms of third party benchmarks,
you would expect that in the first quarter.

JOE MOORE: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from
Chris Rolland from Susquehanna Financial Group. Please proceed with your
question.

CHRIS ROLLAND, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP:
Congrats on a great quarter, and nice to see it all coming together. We don't
have September sell-through data yet. It's hard to predict holiday season, what
it's going to look like for consoles. Perhaps the past two quarters' growth in
EESC might be outpacing expectations for consoles.

So my question is, first of all, is that right? Is there
something that's helping your guy's units here, like initial channel stocking
for the PS4 Slim or the PS4 Pro? And how should we think about the size of the
benefit that you're going to get from initial channel stocking there?

LISA SU: So, Chris, I think the game console shouldn't be
really looked at on a quarterly level, when you're looking at sell-in and
sell-out. It's so different from the other markets. I would say on an annual
basis, everything trues up. The thought process is, in Q2 and Q3, there is a
bit of build ahead as the customers are really building for the holiday season.
And the customers do so much of their business in the last six weeks of the
year. That's when all of the inventory is drained.

My view is that if you look on an annual basis, the game
console business is doing quite well. We expect units to be up. We expect
revenue for the business to be up for us, and the quarterly transitions are
less important. It's more, we want to ensure that we're meeting our customers'
build cycles, so that they get to build everything that they want, and get it
into their channels. But from my standpoint, I think it's a very well-managed
system.

CHRIS ROLLAND: Great. Congrats on a great quarter.

RUTH COTTER: Operator, that concludes today's call. If you
could wrap it up, please, that would be great.

OPERATOR: Certainly. That does conclude today's
teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time, and have a wonderful
day. We do thank you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS,
OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN
NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102016a6124613.713










 EXECUTIVES (93%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (74%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (96%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(72%);

JEFFERIES LLC (72%);

CANACCORD GENUITY INC (58%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (96%); AMD (FRA) (96%); CSGN (SWX) (57%);
CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%);
TELECOMMUNICATIONS (73%); INTERNET & WWW (70%)










 CALIFORNIA, USA (73%); ARIZONA, USA (68%); UNITED
KINGDOM (53%)










 April 18, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
21, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 7715 words

Corporate Participants

* Ruth Cotter

, Inc. - Chief Human Resources
Officer and SVP of Corporate Communications and IR

* Lisa Su

, Inc. - President and CEO

* Devinder Kumar

, Inc. - SVP, CFO and Treasurer

Conference Call Participants

* David Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Mark Lipacis

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* Matt Ramsay

Canaccord Genuity - Analyst

* Stacy Rasgon

Bernstein Research - Analyst

* John Pitzer

Credit Suisse Group - Analyst

* Sidney Ho

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Joe Moore

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Marco Chan

Citigroup - Analyst

* Gabriel Ho

BMO Capital Markets - Analyst

* Ian Ing

MKM Partners - Analyst

* Jaguar Bajwa

Arete Research - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro Devices'
second-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants
are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal
presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being
recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to your host,
Ruth Cotter, Chief Human Resources Officer, and Senior Vice President of
Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.

RUTH COTTER, CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER AND SVP OF CORPORATE
COMMUNICATIONS AND IR, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you and welcome to
AMD's second-quarter conference call. By now you should have had the
opportunity to review a copy of our earnings release and the CFO commentary and
slides. If you've not reviewed these documents, they can be found on AMD's
website at IOR.AMD.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer; and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on AMD.com.

I'd like to take the opportunity to highlight a few dates
for you. Lisa Su will present at the Pacific Crest Global Technology Leadership
Forum on the 9th of August in Colorado. Raja Koduri, Senior Vice President and
Chief Architect, Radeon Technologies Group, will attend the Jefferies
Semiconductor Hardware and Communications Infrastructure Summit in Chicago on
August 30.

Mark Papermaster, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology
Officer, will present at the Deutsche Bank's Technology Conference on September
13 in Las Vegas. And our third-quarter quiet time will begin at the close of
business on Friday, September 16, 2016. Before we begin, let me remind everyone
that second quarter -- that the second-quarter 2016 was a 13-week quarter, and
we expect to record our extra week in the fourth quarter of 2016.

Today's discussion contains forward-looking statements based
on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements are based on
current beliefs, assumptions and expectations, speak only as of the current
date, and as such, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from our current expectations.

Additionally, please note we will be referring to non-GAAP
figures during this call except for revenue, which is on a GAAP basis. The
non-GAAP financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most directly
comparable GAAP financial measure in the press release and CFO commentary that
we've posted on our website at quarterlyearnings.AMD.com.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You will also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors in our filings with the SEC,
and in particular, AMD's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 26, 2016.

Now with that, I'd like to hand the call over to Lisa. Lisa?

LISA SU, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.:
Thank you, Ruth. And good afternoon to all those listening in today. Our
ongoing focus on diversifying our business model and delivering great products
is creating solid market and financial momentum. Looking at the second-quarter
specifically, strong semicustom demand and better-than-seasonal graphic sales
drove a 23% sequential revenue increase and our return to non-GAAP operating
profitability.

We also recorded our first full quarter licensing gain from
our China server JV, THATIC, and improved our balance sheet with cash proceeds
from the formation of our ATMP joint venture, with NFME. Looking at our
Computing and Graphic segment, revenue decreased 5% sequentially, as
stronger-than-seasonal GPU sales were offset by a decline in desktop processor
sales.

First-half 2016 GPU sales increased by a double-digit
percentage from a year ago, as the investments we have been making to develop
leadership graphics hardware, software and drivers, combined with new marketing
campaigns, are paying off.

Our strong second-quarter graphics performance was capped by
the launch of our new Polaris based RX 480 GPUs at the end of June, which
helped contribute to our highest desktop channel GPU shipments since the fourth
quarter of 2014. The Radeon RX family resets expectations around the
experiences and features gamers now want in a mainstream GPU.

We are pleased with the Polaris launch, initial channel
sales, and OEM design wins. We expect this strong demand to continue and help
drive revenue growth in the third quarter with the launch of the RX 470 and RX
460 desk top GPUs, and Polaris based notebooks from our OEM customers. We also
delivered our third straight quarter of sequential professionals graphics
revenue growth and believe we gained share driven by increased adoption of
FirePro graphics by OEMs as well as several cloud data center GPU compute wins.

In client, mobile APUs sales increased for the third
straight quarter, partially offsetting decreased desktop processor sales led by
channel softness in China. Shipments of our recently launched seventh
generation APUs are ramping well and outpacing sales of our six-generation APUs
at this point in their lifecycle.

More than 25 new seventh generation APU systems, including
several premium designs, are expected to be widely available in the coming
months from Acer, Asus, Dell, HP, and Lenovo, providing us with confidence in
this part of our business as we enter the seasonally stronger second half of
the year.

Turning to our enterprise embedded and semicustom segment,
our 59% sequential revenue increase is the largest since our first full quarter
of semicustom products shipments in 2013. As in the previous two years, we
expect semicustom shipments to peak for the year in the third quarter, as both
Microsoft and Sony prepare for the holidays. Based on strong demand, we believe
semicustom unit shipments and revenue will grow on an annual basis.

Last quarter at E3, Microsoft announced two new members of
the Xbox One family powered by AMD. The Xbox One S is the slimmest Xbox console
ever, and the first to support HDR. The system is expected to go on sale in the
coming weeks. Microsoft also announced their next-generation game console,
code-named Project Scorpio, for the 2017 holidays.

Project Scorpios is designed to be fully compatible with
existing Xbox One software, while leveraging AMD's leadership gaming
technologies to create more immersive 4K and VR gaming experiences. Project
Scorpio is one of the semicustom design wins we communicated previously.

Our next generation Zen processor products passed several
key milestones in the quarter as well. I'm excited to report that, in addition
to conducting the first public demonstration of our next generation Zen-based
processor at Computex in June, priority server customer sampling began in the
quarter, and dual socket server platforms are now running at both our labs and
our customers' labs.

We are pleased with the performance we are seeing with Zen
hardware, which is helping to expand our customer engagements and accelerating
design win momentum across multiple OEMs and ODMs. We remain on track for
volume shipments of our Zen server CPU in the first half of 2017.

In closing, over the last 18 months, we have been diligently
executing our strategic plan to improve our financial performance by delivering
great products, strengthening our customer relationships, and simplifying our
business. In the past six months alone, we released our game-changing Polaris
architecture, completed our ATMP JV transaction, announced a JV and IP
licensing transaction with THATIC, and returned to non-GAAP operating
profitability.

While we recognize we have more work to do, we believe that,
based on the ongoing ramps of our semicustom SoCs, Polaris GPUs, and seventh
generation APUs, we can deliver full-year revenue growth in 2016 and non-GAAP
operating profitability in the second half of the year. We also remain focused
on delivering our road map of high performance products and technologies,
including Zen and our next generation Vega GPU architecture that can drive
long-term growth.

Now I'd like to turn the call over to Devinder to provide
some additional color on our second-quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SVP, CFO AND TREASURER, ADVANCED MICRO
DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. The second
quarter was a strong quarter, punctuated by better-than-expected financial
performance, driven by demand for our semicustom SoCs and the closure of our
ATMP joint venture transaction with Nantong Fujitsu Microelectronics, which
bolstered our cash position.

Second-quarter revenue was $1.027 billion, up 23%
sequentially, driven by higher sales of semicustom SoCs. The year-over-year
revenue increase was 9% with higher sales in both reportable segments. Gross
margin was 31%, down 1 percentage point from the prior quarter, primarily due to
a higher mix of semicustom SoCs sales.

Operating expenses were $342 million, up $10 million from
the prior quarter, primarily due to increased marketing investments. We also
recognized a $26 million licensing gain associated with our JV with THATIC, and
restructuring credits of $7 million, primarily related to facilities. We are
pleased to report operating income of $3 million this quarter.

Net loss was $40 million with loss per share of $0.05,
calculated using 794 million basic shares in the quarter. We recorded a pretax
gain of $150 million related to the ATMP JV transaction, an equity loss of $3
million based on our 15% ownership stake, and taxes of $27 million related to
the JV transaction. Adjusted EBITDA was a positive $36 million compared to
negative $22 million in the prior quarter.

Now turning to the business segments -- Computing and
Graphics revenue was $435 million, down 5% from the prior quarter, primarily
due to decreased sales of client desktop processors and chipsets. Revenue was
up 15% year-over-year, largely driven by higher client notebook Processor and
Graphics sales.

Computing and Graphics segment operating loss was $81
million compared to $70 million in the prior quarter, primarily due to lower
revenue. Enterprise, embedded and semicustom revenue was $592 million, up 59%
from the prior quarter and 5% higher than the prior year, driven by higher
semicustom SoC sales. Operating income of this segment was $84 million, up from
[$16 million] in the prior quarter, driven by higher revenue and a $26 million
IP licensing gain compared to a licensing gain of $7 million in the first
quarter.

Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and cash equivalents
totaled $957 million at the end of the quarter, up $241 million from the end of
the prior quarter, primarily due to net cash proceeds from the ATMP JV
transaction, offset by working capital needs in the quarter. Inventory was $743
million, up $68 million or 10% from the prior quarter, and higher than guided,
in support of expected higher semicustom sales in the third quarter.

In the second quarter, we recorded a $62 million investment
on our balance sheet related to our 15% ownership stake in the ATMP JV. Total
wafer purchases from GlobalFoundries in the second quarter were 75 million and
year-to-date, we have purchased 259 million.

Debt as of the end of the quarter was $2.24 billion, flat
from the end of the prior quarter, and includes total borrowings of $226
million on our secured revolving line of credit. Free cash flow in the second
quarter was negative $106 million compared to a negative $68 million in the
first quarter of 2016, primarily due to the inventory build in support of
strong second-half revenue.

Now turning to the outlook, which is based on a 13-week
fiscal quarter. For the third quarter of 2016, we expect revenue to increase
18% sequentially, plus or minus 3%, primarily driven by our graphics and
semicustom products, including the ramp of new semicustom business; non-GAAP
gross margin to be approximately 31%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be
approximately $350 million, due to an increase in R&D investments; IP
monetization licensing gain to be approximately $22 million to maintain
non-GAAP operating profitability; non-GAAP interest expense, taxes or other --
and other to be approximately $45 million; cash and cash equivalents to be
approximately flat; and inventory to be approximately $700 million. And lastly,
for the full-year 2016, we expect low-single digit revenue growth
year-over-year.

In closing, we are pleased with the progress we've made this
quarter. We launched exciting new products in the second quarter, with more
expected to come to help drive strong revenue growth and improved financial
performance in the third quarter. We recognize there's a lot more work to be
done to return AMD to sustainable profitability and free cash flow generation,
and look forward to continuing our progress over the coming quarters.

With that, I'll turn it back to Ruth. Ruth?

RUTH COTTER: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, if you could
poll the audience please for a question-and-answer session?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) David Wong, Wells Fargo.

DAVID WONG, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: My first
question -- can you give us any detail on the ramp in dollar terms of revenues
from new semicustom products in the September/December quarters, and what the
seasonal pattern of these products might be?

LISA SU: Sure, David. This is Lisa. Let me start with that.
So, our semicustom business overall, we see as strong for the year. I think the
predominant business is the current generation game consoles, and as they ramp
into the second half and the stronger holiday season.

We expect the seasonality of semicustoms to be similar to
prior years. We'll see a peak in the third quarter and a decline in the fourth
quarter, and we will see the new business layer in starting in the third
quarter. But I don't expect that to change the seasonality pattern. So, we are
building up for a strong holiday season overall.

DAVID WONG: Okay. Great. Thanks, Lisa. And since the launch
of your Radeon 480 graphics product end of last month, have you been able to
supply to demand for the cards? Or if not, when do you expect demand will rise
to match supply?

LISA SU: Yes. So, David, we're very pleased with the launch
of the Radeon RX 480. We had good supply at major retailers on launch day.
Since then, the demand has continued to be strong and so some of the retailers
are out of supply. We do see that the 14 LPP yields are good and we're ramping
up production steeply.

So we expect that will equalize as we go through the
quarter. We're also very soon going to launch the rest of the Radeon RX family.
And so you'll see three products in the third quarter in terms of overall
product momentum.

DAVID WONG: Great. Thanks very much.

LISA SU: Thanks, David.

OPERATOR: Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.

MARK LIPACIS, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Thanks for taking my
question. First one -- Lisa, maybe for you -- the China licensing deal was -- I
thought it was creative and fascinating. Can you characterize kind of the
pipeline of IP deals that you have or the technology deals? Is this it? Or do
you have more in the pipe? Can you talk about timing or the types of deals you
might be working on?

LISA SU: Sure, Mark. So the China JV, as you said, we
announced it last quarter and it's now in operation. It's actually going well,
so we're on track for some of the important milestone deliveries that we had.

In terms of the overall pipeline, I would say we have a nice
set of interesting opportunities. They're -- very much, as you know, they take
a while for them to come to fruition, but we feel good about the model which is
partnering with folks that need high-performance technology. And we'll continue
to work those deals as we go through the next couple of quarters.

MARK LIPACIS: Okay. Great. And I'll follow-up if I may. I
was hoping that you could just help me with the accounting of the semicustom
design wins. So if I remember properly, there was two that you expect in the
back half of this year, and then one -- I thought it was the first half of next
year.

So Scorpio is one of those three? But that's next year; so
that's the one for next year?

LISA SU: Yes, let me help you out with the accounting -- I
know that we've had several different pieces of information on the semicustom
new design wins. So what we said is we'll have a total of three semicustom new
design wins that will account for about -- let's call it $1.5 billion of
revenue approximately over the next three to four years.

We are starting the ramp of new business this coming
quarter, this third quarter, and that will be one of the semicustom design
wins. Scorpio is also a design win, and that, as our customer said, will be in
2017. And we'll give you more information about the third one as we have more
visibility.

MARK LIPACIS: And do you have more design wins that you just
haven't announced or mentioned timing of?

LISA SU: Well, we're trying to get out a little bit of the
counting game, but I think overall, we're pleased with the semicustom pipeline.
I think some of the questions that we've been asked are, do we believe we have
design wins outside of game consoles, and the answer is yes. We have design
wins outside of game consoles. I think we view the pipeline as good, and it's a
business model that works well with our high-performance technology plans and
our SoC capabilities.

MARK LIPACIS: Thank you. That's very helpful.

LISA SU: Thanks, Mark.

OPERATOR: Matt Ramsay, Canaccord Genuity.

MATT RAMSAY, ANALYST, CANACCORD GENUITY: Thanks for taking
my questions. Lisa, I have a couple of questions on Zen. You gave some color in
your prepared remarks about server opportunities for Zen starting in the first
half of next year. Maybe you could give us a little color on potentially what
markets you are going after there, where you see the opportunities?

It seems to me that a lot of different moving parts in the
cloud market with open power and ARM, and then custom CPUs from Intel, but a
pretty big enterprise space that's x86 captive for you guys to go after. So I
would just be interested to see what the strategy is going forward there and
where the design wins might come from?

LISA SU: Sure, Matt. So, yes, let me give you a little bit
of color how we see it. First of all, look, Zen is a brand-new CPU design and
we had very ambitious goals for it. And given where we are today, it's actually
coming up very well.

We've demoed both desktop systems, and now we have server
systems working in both our labs and our customers' labs. I would say as the
progress of Zen is -- goes along in terms of validation, the customer interest
has increased. And so, while we did close a number of design wins in the second
quarter and we have a number more in the pipeline, as we go into the third
quarter and more widespread availability.

Our view is, Zen is a general-purpose server architecture
that can play in many different places. So you mentioned the cloud. I think
that's certainly one target market given the growth there. We also see there
are workloads that would be particularly -- fit well for sort of the
performance areas that we're targeting. I think enterprise is also again very
much a target area for Zen.

What we are looking for again is ensuring that we have a
very high quality launch, and so we're working very closely with customers to
make sure that we run their workloads and demonstrate the performance
improvement that we expect. But as I said overall, it's going well, and we
continue to work with customers to ensure that they see the benefits of Zen and
working with AMD.

MATT RAMSAY: Thank you for the color and it's good to hear.
I guess another question on Zen more in the PC market -- because I think your
prepared remarks focused a bit more on server -- but maybe you could give us a
little bit of an update in the timing of desktop and notebook potential
launches.

It just seems to me going into the holiday season that it's
still a little unclear as to where Zen is going to land relative to holiday
ramps in the Western market and to Chinese New Year. So any color around that
would be really helpful. Thank you.

LISA SU: Yes. No, that's a fair question, Matt. So we have
been very focused on the server launch for first half of 2017. Desktop should
launch before that. In terms of true volume availability, I believe it will be
in the first quarter of 2017. We may ship some limited volume towards the end
of the fourth quarter, based on how bring-up goes and the customer readiness.

But again, if I look overall at what we are trying to do, I
think the desktop product is very well-positioned for that high-end desktop
segment, that enthusiast segment, in both channel and OEM, which is very much a
segment that AMD knows well. And so that's where we would focus -- on desktop.

You should expect a notebook version of Zen with integrated
graphics in 2017, and that development is going on as well. And so I think it's
just a time of a lot of activity around the Zen and the different Zen product
families.

MATT RAMSAY: Thank you very much. Congratulations on the
return to profitability.

LISA SU: Thanks, Matt.

DEVINDER KUMAR: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Stacy Rasgon, Bernstein Research.

STACY RASGON, ANALYST, BERNSTEIN RESEARCH: Thanks for taking
my questions. I was looking at the implied guidance for Q4. You said the -- I
guess for the full year, up low single digits. So, I mean, call it 3%. But it
would imply Q4 down 16%/17% sequentially, and actually down on an absolute
basis, lower than I would've thought. I think Q4 also has an extra week in it.

I was wondering if you could give us, I guess, some color on
how you see the drivers, I guess, for seasonality going from Q3 to Q4 across
both of the businesses, given that, I guess, the trajectory of the different
product launches that we have in the back half? Like, how do you come to that
number?

LISA SU: Sure. Stacy, maybe I'll start and see if Devinder
would like to add to it. So, look, our -- when we started the year, our
expectation is that we would grow revenue in 2016 versus 2015, but we were
coming off of a very low base in the first quarter. So we've been pleased with
how it played out certainly in our second-quarter revenue and the third quarter
revenue guidance.

Overall, the businesses are performing well, so we do expect
both Computing and Graphics and EEFC to both grow for the year. I think the
semicustom business is the large driver of the fourth quarter in terms of just
how we see the overall business playing out. But the Computing and Graphics
business is playing out as you might expect.

So the second half should be seasonally higher, certainly
with Polaris, and as we launch broader availability across the product line, as
well as the seventh generation APUs as they go into back-to-school and holiday.
So that's the way we should think about it.

STACY RASGON: Okay. Thank you. For my follow-up, I just
wanted to take a look at your notebook shipments in the quarter. So they were
up again sequentially -- I think they were up double digits in Q1; I think they
were up in Q4 as well. So three quarters in a row of sequential increase.
Obviously off a low base as well.

But how confident are you -- like what's driving that? Is
this -- is it actually sort of a sell-out that's actually driving the demand?
Or is this sell-in into the channel? And how should we think about that
potentially normalizing?

LISA SU: Yes, so if you're talking about the notebook
computing business, actually we are kind of pleased with how it performed. So
if you look at it, overall, the -- our OEM customers have adopted our
technologies, so we see that across both notebook and desktop, but presumably
notebook.

We are also making progress in commercial, and that was a
very important initiative over the past five or six quarters. And so that's
been nice to stabilize the business. And again, I don't believe it's a sell-in
phenomenon. Actually it's consumption share that we see increasing. And I think
we have a reasonable opportunity to add to that in the second half of the year.
But it's really around our products in the platforms that we're putting
together with the OEMs.

STACY RASGON: Got it. If I could ask one more really quick.
I was just a little bit surprised at how much your wafer purchases at
GlobalFoundries came down quarter-over-quarter, given the increase in notebooks
as well as the timing of the Polaris launch. Any -- what -- should we read
anything into that?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think basically the purchases of the
wafers are in line with product demand and mix of business. And as I said in
the prepared remarks, the other day we purchased about [$260 million] of
wafers, and we are getting into the back half of the year, which as you can
see, with our revenue guidance in Q3, is pretty strong.

STACY RASGON: Thank you, guys.

OPERATOR: John Pitzer, Credit Suisse Group.

JOHN PITZER, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE GROUP: Thanks for
letting me ask the question and congratulations on orchestrating the
turnaround. I guess, Lisa, my first question, I would kind of like to get your
view on the news earlier this week around Softbank and ARM. You are sort of in
a unique position because you are both kind of a partner with ARM as an ARM
licensee. But if you look at your custom silicon business, especially on the
x86 architecture, you could make the argument that you're a little bit of a
competitor as well.

So I'm kind of curious to know how you see kind of the
reaction to that from a customer perspective? And does that change your view of
how you might be able to monetize your own IP in the future?

LISA SU: John, thanks for the question. Look, I think it's a
very interesting deal -- the ARM SoftBank deal. I think we have a lot of
respect for ARM; they are a close partner. I'm not sure we would call them a
competitor. Overall, they are a partner.

As it relates to how we think about our IP, we really
believe that our IP, particularly the high performance element of it on the
microprocessor and the graphic side, is very unique, and in some sense, there
are very few places in the industry where you have access to it. I think the
applications that need it, whether you are talking about consumer applications or
enterprise cloud applications, are growing. And so it's an opportunity for us
to look for larger markets to monetize beyond just our own products.

And that's, in general, the way we think about IP
monetization. We have a set of products that is very important to our business
model, but our IP can go further than our products themselves. And so we would
continue to look for opportunities to monetize our IP.

JOHN PITZER: And again, I apologize if I missed this -- you
commented on sort of your expectations for GPUs going into Q3 and for
semicustom. How do you view the PC outlook within your total outlook above ATM?
And I've got a quick follow-on.

LISA SU: Sure. So let me talk about the PC market overall. I
think our view of the PC market is pretty similar to others in the industry. We
would say, overall for 2016, high-single digit decline. We have seen some
positive signals, and we saw some positive data points from IDC earlier the
last week. And then we saw a little bit of pickup in consumption in June from our
OEM customers. But again, that was compared to -- let's call it a soft
April/May.

Our view is OEM business looks okay. The channel for us is
still weaker than we would like, and that's our view of the PC business. Even
in that framework, we believe we can grow our Computing and Graphics business
on the strength of the products. The Graphics products, we've talked about, as
they ramp in the second half of the year. And on the Computing side as well, I
think we have a number of new platforms, and back-to-school and holiday are
important for us. So that's the way would characterize PCs.

JOHN PITZER: So, Lisa, not to put words in your mouth, but
for Q3, PC's up but perhaps not up as much as seasonal? Is that the best way to
think about it within your guide?

LISA SU: I would say roughly seasonal -- roughly seasonal.

JOHN PITZER: That's helpful. And then lastly, guys, I
apologize, but Devinder, now that you've got revenue growth behind you and
you've got some momentum here, how do we think about the gross margin
progression from here and kind of the puts and takes? And I know there's lot of
different dynamics there, including the mix of semicustom. But from these
levels, how should we think about gross margin progression over the next, call
it, two to four quarters?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, John, I think the way you think about
it is, it is the mix of business, so that's a good observation. But also you
see us making continuing investments in our roadmap in graphics and in other
areas, and we believe that will help us improve the gross margin. And then as
you look out longer-term, as you observe -- get beyond a couple of quarters and
get into 2017, we do have the Zen product introduction coming up. We also have
a product in the pro graphics area, and that should drive even higher gross
margins compared to where we are today, given the mix will get better with
those products.

JOHN PITZER: Thanks. Well, thanks, guys.

LISA SU: Thanks, John.

OPERATOR: Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank.

SIDNEY HO, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Thanks for taking my
question. This is Sidney Ho asking -- calling in for Ross. Just follow up to --
with the last question by focusing on third quarter, you guided third-quarter
gross margin to be flat, but the profile seem -- of revenue growth seems to be
-- would suggest gross margin should decline on a mix adjusted basis.

How should we think about gross margin by segment in Q3?
What are some of the moving parts? And maybe follow-up to that, do you expect
the gross margin of the new custom design wins ramping this quarter to have
better or worse margins than your game console business?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, I think that's well-put. I mean if you
look overall when we have a higher mix of semicustom business, typically the
gross margin is lower since the business model on the semicustom side has for
the lower margin just the way the model is constructed. So keeping it flat at
31% with the guide in Q3 was variable in Q2. We were pretty pleased with that.
And I think you're seeing some of the strength underlying the non-semicustom
business is allowing us to keep it flat quarter-on-quarter.

SIDNEY HO: Okay. Great. And then my follow-up question is --
you guys talked about the Zen products at Computex and it's on track for
launching in the first half of 2017. Can you talk about the impact on R&D
expense and maybe on gross margin on the preparation of this launch over the
next few quarters? And if you hit your revenue plan that you have thought
about, at what point do you need to start increasing OpEx from the $330 million
to $350 million level?

DEVINDER KUMAR: The OpEx side of it, if I look at it from
that standpoint, you have seen our OpEx actually go up; in Q3, we are guiding
at the $350 million level with specific targeted investments we are making in
key R&D areas and products, in particular the high performance roadmap that
we have laid out. But we are also making some specific investments in the
marketing area, given the new products that are coming out on the PC side as
well as the GPU side, trying to attract end-users back to the AMD brand.

And I think you'll continue to see us do that. And that
helps obviously with this new product underlying the better margins that you
get with the fresh cycle, in particular with the new technology areas that we
are putting our products in.

SIDNEY HO: Great. Maybe just one quick follow-up. For Q4
with an extra week in the fiscal quarter, should we expect OpEx to be at the
high end of levels, that that will be enough -- that $350 million?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I'm not prepared -- you know, one of the
things about OpEx as I always say even if you look at Q3, the OpEx is up on a
guided basis at $350 million, but very much as I always say, we manage the OpEx
pretty tightly. We've done that over the last several years, and obviously it
gets modulated somewhat by revenue. Q3, our revenue is up 18%, OpEx is at $350
million and we'll talk about Q4 when we gather here in about 90 days.

SIDNEY HO: Okay. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Joe Moore, Morgan Stanley.

JOE MOORE, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: I was also curious about
GlobalFoundries being so low in Q2. And I guess have you guys finalized the
2016 wafer supply agreement? And can you talk more generally about which
products -- how you are deciding which products are allocated to Global and
TSMC? And is there anything that's exclusive to one or the other?

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes, several parts to it. I mean the working
relationship, as Lisa said, with GlobalFoundries is very good. We continue to
work through the 2016 WSA and that's not finalized; we're in the process of
negotiating that. In the meantime, we continue to get delivery of wafers for
the products that we need in line with the product demand and mix of business.
And relative to your -- which products from which foundry, we typically do not
share the source of foundry for any of our wafers or products.

JOE MOORE: Okay. That's fair. And then with regards to kind
of thinking about next year's OpEx, when you look at the importance of a CPU
that can attack the server market and can attack the high end of the sort of
enthusiast CPU market, I guess I don't want you to necessarily be constrained
by the R&D requirements of the last couple of years.

I mean, so how do you think about that? If you start to show
some revenue traction, I mean, can you -- how much flexibility do you think
there is on spending? I'm not asking for a number, but just qualitatively, how
are you thinking about profitability versus investing in these opportunities
next year?

LISA SU: Joe, I would say my engineers would be very happy
to hear you say that. So look, I appreciate the question. I think you've seen
-- and Devinder said this -- we're going to be disciplined in OpEx. And as this
quarter was an important turning point for us, to return to operating
profitability, I think we have a nice sort of a view into Q3.

We will look for opportunities to ensure that we are
strategically placing the big bets in R&D, and both on the CPU and the GPU
side. For example, this year, we have ramped up our investments on the graphics
side with the formation of the Radeon Technologies Group, and what we're doing
in both hardware and software -- very significant investments.

And similarly on the CPU side as well. So, I think we take
very seriously our commitments in terms of profitability, but we will invest in
the future and we'll continue to look for opportunities to balance those in the
right way.

I don't know, Devinder, if you want to add --?

DEVINDER KUMAR: No, I think that's well-said. In 2017,
obviously, as we get to the back half of the year, Q3 we have guided, we're
getting to that -- get through Q3 and get into Q4. And at that point, we'll
start thinking about where we want to place our bets as these are put in terms
of the longer-term investments in 2017. Right now we're really focused on getting
-- we got to non-GAAP operating profitability this quarter. We want to maintain
that in Q3 and then we'll see what happens from there.

JOE MOORE: Great. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Christopher Danely, Citigroup.

MARCO CHAN, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: This is Marco Chan calling
on behalf of Chris Danely. Thanks for letting me ask the question. My first
question is, could you please update us on your expectations on the THATIC x86
server JV in China? Are there any potential legal risks with it, potentially
Intel?

LISA SU: Yes. So relative to the server JV that we have with
THATIC, as we stated before, we believe that our joint venture is operational.
I think it's well underway. The technology that we're licensing is AMD
technology, and so we don't have any issues relative to licensing. I think --

DEVINDER KUMAR: Yes. If I may add, I mean, one thing on the
update, I guess, if you look at the prepared remarks and the commentary for Q3
is, we now expect, based on technology transfer milestone completion, to
recognize $22 million to authorize a gain in Q3 and approximately $75 million
for the year, which is higher than what we had said previously when we said it
was $52 million for the year. So you can see it's incremental and therefore, as
Lisa said, things are operationally on track and we continue to meet our
technology transfer milestones from a date standpoint.

MARCO CHAN: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then my
follow-up -- I know you guys mentioned PCs and Graphics segment should be up
year-over-year. Could you guys get into more detail, maybe talk about each
segment individually, your trends for PCs versus GPUs?

LISA SU: Yes, we don't usually go into granularity about the
subsegments of the business. I think it's fair to say that our PC business has
stabilized. And what we're seeing now is the opportunity, as we go into the
seasonally stronger half of the year on both the PC side and graphics side, on
top of that with some new product launches, we believe that we will end up
growing year-over-year. But again, we don't usually guide to the details within
the segment.

MARCO CHAN: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ambrish Srivastava, BMO.

GABRIEL HO, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS: This is Gabriel Ho
calling in for Ambrish. Thanks for taking my question. I have a follow-up on your
Project Scorpio comment. I think it's going to be launched in 2017. And I think
you had significantly higher performance and support 4K and V. So how should we
think about the pricing on ASP that compares to what you have indicated on the
current generation game console platform?

LISA SU: Yes. So, again we don't -- we wouldn't disclose
anything that's incrementally more than what our customer has disclosed. So I
think Microsoft has talked about their goals with Project Scorpio. I think we
are in support of those goals. Given the performance level, you would imagine
that there's more capability on chip, but I wouldn't want to go more than that.

GABRIEL HO: Okay. As a follow-up -- I think your competitor
has launched a comparable mainstream product -- I think GeForce 10 6P, so given
the absence of your maybe higher performance part launching maybe in the second
half, so how should we think about the rest of the year on the demand on your
graphics side?

LISA SU: Yes, we are feeling very good about our Polaris
launch. This was our strategy from the beginning. I mean we laid out a strategy
where we were going after the mainstream, and growth rate, really a new
experience in terms of both capability and price point. And I think we've done
that.

We've also been very focused on DX 12 and our performance --
on new APIs like Vulcan. So we are happy with our competitiveness. I think it's
played out as we thought it would do. Certainly our aspirations in GPU are to
certainly have very competitive products across the entire product line. And so
I've talked about working on Vega, which is the next generation high-end
architecture.

But in terms of our competitiveness, you know, we -- again,
we've executed what we thought we were going to execute. And it seems like,
from both customer reviews and analyst reviews, that it's pretty well-received
by the market.

GABRIEL HO: Okay. Thank you.

RUTH COTTER: Operator, we'll take two more callers, please.

OPERATOR: Ian Ing, MKM Partners.

IAN ING, ANALYST, MKM PARTNERS: Yes, thank you for fitting
me in. So EESC -- looks like you achieved operating income same level as third
quarter of last year but with $45 million lower revenue. So just wondering how
you got more profitable in this segment, given these are both strong game
console quarters and also you've got annual price declines in game consoles, I
assume. Thanks.

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think if you look at the profitability,
you've got to remember that in the EESC segment, we also have other businesses
embedded for one, and also the investment we are making for the enterprise side
of it, for the data center product that's coming out in 2017. So the
profitability -- you're right about the observation, but profitability depends
upon obviously -- the largest business we have in there right now is the
semicustom business, but also the investments on the OpEx standpoint that we
make year-on-year. And we talked about the targeted investments we are making
in some of the product areas.

IAN ING: Okay. Great. But these are relatively older
products that are embedded into enterprise products at the moment then, it
sounds like. Okay, great. And then my follow-on is -- you are at a one-year
cadence for GPUs now. Could you talk about expectations on how last year's
R9300 series winds down and how that plays out? It looks like in Q2, it was
really just a lack of a pause ahead of a known refresh. And do you expect sort
of a sharp wind-down at some point? Or is it more gradual?

LISA SU: Actually, Ian, that's a good observation. The 390
series or the 300 series overall actually did do okay in the second quarter. We
were also wondering whether there would be a pause prior to a new generation. I
think we see it as a very orderly transition; it's actually one of our better
product transitions as we go from the 300 series over to the 400 series.

So again, nothing very spectacular to report other than the
sellthrough has continued -- the sellthrough was good in the second quarter.
And we believe that it's an orderly transition of the inventory.

IAN ING: Okay, great. Thank you.

LISA SU: Thanks, Ian.

OPERATOR: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from
Jaguar Bajwa from Arete Research. Please proceed with your question.

JAGUAR BAJWA, ANALYST, ARETE RESEARCH: Thanks for taking my
question. Just a question on Q3. Could you just lay out which would be the
fastest-growing sequential segment in Q3? Will that be the GPU business, CPU or
semicustom? Thanks.

LISA SU: Jaguar, I think what we would say is that our Q3
guidance is both semicustom and graphics will be the drivers of the sequential
revenue growth.

JAGUAR BAJWA: Okay. Thanks. And then could you just give a
bit more clarity around Vega timing? And also what do you expect to be your
differentiation here versus what Nvidia has done with Pascal?

LISA SU: Again, I think we'll talk more about the details of
the Vega architecture in time, but certainly Vega is a high-performance GPU
that will use high-bandwidth memory as part of it. So, I would leave the
details for a more -- as we go -- get closer to the Vega launch date.

JAGUAR BAJWA: Okay. Well, maybe just one final one then.
When we get into the server CPU cycle with Zen, should we expect any kind of
contribution from an APU format with CPU plus Vega? Because we're seeing a lot
of acceleration now in the data center. Do you think that could be a key
product for you guys which maybe your competitors may not have, bringing an APU
to the server market for high-performance servers?

LISA SU: Yes, I think it's fair to say that we do believe we
can combine high-performance CPU with the high-performance GPU. As we look at
our GPU compute in general, sort of our both professionals graphics and server
markets for GPU, I think that will increasingly become an area of focus for us
as we continue to grow the graphics business.

So I think the answer is yes. I mean, obviously, it will
come in time, but it's an area where combining the two technologies makes a lot
of sense.

JAGUAR BAJWA: Okay. Thank you very much.

LISA SU: Thank you.

RUTH COTTER: Operator, that concludes the question-and-answer
session. If you wouldn't mind wrapping up the call, please?

OPERATOR: Certainly. That concludes today's teleconference.
You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank
you for your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072116a6054372.772










 EXECUTIVES (92%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); TALKS & MEETINGS (78%); FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (77%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (74%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (97%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (72%);

JEFFERIES LLC (72%);

CITIGROUP INC (58%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

CANACCORD GENUITY INC (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (97%); AMD (FRA) (97%); CSGN (SWX) (72%);
CS (NYSE) (72%); C (NYSE) (58%); C (BMV) (58%); 8710 (TSE) (58%); MS (NYSE)
(58%); DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%);
DB (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%);
TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT (78%); FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY (77%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (73%); INTERNET & WWW (68%)










 July 23, 2016




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
21, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 8045 words

Corporate Participants

* Ruth Cotter

AMD - SVP Human Resources, Corporate Communications, and IR

* Lisa Su

AMD - President and CEO

* Devinder Kumar

AMD - SVP, CFO, and Treasurer

Conference Call Participants

* Mark Lipacis

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* David Wong

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Hans Mosesmann

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. - Analyst

* Joe Moore

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Ian Ing

MKM Partners - Analyst

* Shankar Iyer

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Stacy Rasgon

Bernstein - Analyst

* Bill Peterson

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Suji Desilva

Topeka Capital Markets - Analyst

* Sidney Ho

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Kevin Cassidy

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Vijay Rakesh

Mizuho Securities USA - Analyst

* John Pitzer

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Deepon Nag

Macquarie Research - Analyst

* Jaguar Bajwa

Arete Research - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Greetings, and welcome to the Advanced Micro
Devices first-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) As
a reminder, this is being recorded.

It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Ruth Cotter,
Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Corporate Communications, and Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, Ms. Cotter.

RUTH COTTER, SVP HUMAN RESOURCES, CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS,
AND IR, AMD: Thank you and welcome to AMD's first-quarter conference call. By
now, you should have had the opportunity to review a copy of our earnings
release and the CFO commentary in slides. If you have not reviewed these
documents, they can be found on AMD's website at ir.amd.com.

Participants on today's conference call are Lisa Su, our
President and Chief Executive Officer, and Devinder Kumar, our Senior Vice
President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer. This is a live call and will
be replayed via webcast on amd.com.

I would like to highlight a few dates for you. Devinder
Kumar will present at the JPMorgan Global Technology, Media, and Telecom
Conference on May 24 in Boston. And our second-quarter quiet time will begin at
the close of business on Friday, June 17, 2016.

Before we begin, let me remind everyone that first-quarter
2016 was a 13-week quarter for AMD and we expect to record our extra week in
the fourth quarter of 2016. Today's discussion contains forward-looking
statements based on the environment as we currently see it. Those statements
are based on current beliefs, assumptions, and expectations, speak only as of
the current date, and as such involve risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from our current expectation.

Please note that we will be referring to non-GAAP figures
during this call, except for revenue, which is on a GAAP basis. The non-GAAP
financial measures referenced are reconciled to their most directly comparable
GAAP financial measures in the press release and CFO commentary posted on our
website at quarterlyearnings.amd.com.

Please refer to the cautionary statements in today's
earnings press release and CFO commentary for more information. You will also
find detailed discussions about our risk factors and our filings with the SEC,
and in particular AMD's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
26, 2015.

Now with that, I would like to hand the call over to Lisa.
Lisa?

LISA SU, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMD: Thank you, Ruth, and good
afternoon to all those listening in today. Our strategy to improve our business
by gaining share in the graphics and PC markets, growing our semi-custom
business, and expanding into the data center market is progressing as planned.
First-quarter revenue decreased in line with expectations to $832 million,
driven largely by an anticipated reduction in semi-custom shipments.

Looking at our computing and graphics segment, against the
backdrop of one of the largest sequential Q4-to-Q1 declines in the PC industry
and ongoing softness in the Chinese PC market, we continue to execute our
multi-quarter plan to improve the financial performance of this part of our
business.

Revenue decreased 2% sequentially, as improved notebook
processor, desktop GPU, and professional graphics sales offset declines for our
other PC products. We reduced our operating loss from the prior quarter,
outperformed the PC market, and believe we regained processor and GPU share.
Importantly, we accomplished this while maintaining our disciplined approach to
managing inventory in the quarter, as our inventories with M&Cs and
downstream channel partners were flat to slightly down sequentially.

We had our second straight quarter of double-digit
sequential percentage growth in mobile APU sales. We began shipping our
seventh-generation Bristol Ridge APUs in March, and have secured new design
wins that continue our expansion into more premium notebook offerings,
including HP's new Envy x360 convertible notebook. Compared to our
previous-generation 15-watt APU mobile offering, Bristol Ridge delivered a 20%
improvement in our already industry-leading graphics performance and up to 20%
CPU performance uplift.

In graphics, we delivered a strong sequential double-digit
percentage increase in desktop discrete unit shipments, largely driven by
increased sales of our Radeon 300 series GPUs in the channel. Our investments
in graphics and our focus on creating industry-leading drivers and software are
starting to pay off. We have delivered seven new graphics drivers releases in
the first quarter alone, not only improving the performance and user experience
of our GPUs, but also adding support for new AAA game titles and features like
our innovative XConnect external GPU technology.

We expect to grow our investment in graphics throughout the
year as we further update our graphics software and extend our leadership in
Direct X12 gaming and VR. We believe VR will be a key long-term demand driver
for AMD across both our consumer and professional graphics offerings,
especially as content creators require more powerful GPUs to create fully
immersive VR experiences.

To capitalize on this trend, I am proud to share that we
plan to launch the industry's most powerful platform for VR creation and
consumption at the end of this month, when we introduce the $1,500 Radeon Pro
Duo.

We remain on track to introduce our new 14 nanometer
FinFET-based Polaris GPUs midyear. Polaris delivers double the performance per
watt of our current mainstream offerings, which we believe provides us with
significant opportunities to gain share.

Now, turning to our enterprise embedded and semi-custom
segment. Revenue declined 24% sequentially due to lower semi-custom sales. Based
on our current visibility, we expect semi-custom unit shipments and revenue to
grow on an annual basis based on strong demand for game consoles and the ramp
of our previously announced new business in the second half of the year.

In embedded, we secured new designs across our target
markets. Highlights from the quarter include our first significant CPU design
win with one of the leading network infrastructure providers.

I am also pleased to share that we are making excellent
progress on our strategy to reestablish our presence in the data center market
as we successfully passed several key milestones related to our next-generation
Zen-based server processor. The Zen silicon running in our bring-up labs is
meeting our expectations, and priority customer sampling is on track to begin
this quarter in advance of data center system availability in 2017.

Our EESC results in the quarter also benefited from the
latest step in our strategic IP monetization efforts. As we've disclosed
earlier today, we have licensed high-performance microprocessor technologies to
a newly created JV we formed with THATIC. The JV will develop SoCs tailored to
the Chinese server market. The $293 million licensing agreement is a great
example of how our IP monetization efforts can accelerate the adoption of AMD
technologies in key markets while also strengthening our balance sheet and
financial results.

Today's announcement is a key part of our overall strategy
to reenter the data center market, with the JV providing AMD with a differentiated
approach to gain share in the fastest-growing regional server market.

In closing, we are making steady progress on the clear
strategy we have developed to return AMD to growth and profitability through
delivering great products. We are executing well to our product and technology
roadmaps, including the introduction of our seventh-generation APUs, our
midyear launch of new Polaris GPUs, and our future Zen-based processors.

As we enter into the second quarter, we see strong demand
for our semi-custom and graphics products, which we believe will lead to
stronger-than-seasonal sequential revenue growth. For the full year, we are
confident that our product portfolio and business execution can further
strengthen our financial results and enable us to grow annual revenue and
return to non-GAAP operating profitability in the second half of the year.

Longer term, we expect the strong customer interest in AMD's
data center offerings will result in new design wins that can deliver
profitable revenue growth in 2017 and beyond.

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Devinder to
provide some additional color on our first-quarter financial performance.

DEVINDER KUMAR, SVP, CFO, AND TREASURER, AMD: Thank you,
Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone. From a financial perspective, the first
quarter came in as expected. We continued funding our roadmap products and also
made progress on our IP monetization strategy with the execution of a licensing
agreement that is expected to generate $293 million of cash before tax, contingent
upon achieving certain milestones.

Let me review the results for the first quarter. As a
reminder, our first fiscal quarter was a 13-week quarter. Revenue was $832
million, down 13% sequentially, driven primarily by lower sales of semi-custom
SoCs. The year-over-year decline was 19% due primarily to lower sales of
semi-custom SoCs and client notebook processors.

Gross margin was 32%, a 2 percentage point improvement from
the prior quarter due primarily to a more favorable product mix and a mix of revenue
between the business segments. Operating expenses were $332 million, up $9
million from the prior quarter, primarily due to increased R&D expenses
related to new products, partially offset by lower SG&A expenses. Operating
expenses were $12 million higher than guided, primarily due to the timing of
mass and hardware for our new products and some incremental investments in
graphics.

Operating loss was $55 million and net loss was $96 million,
with loss per share of $0.12, calculated using 793 million shares. We
recognized a $7 million licensing gain associated with our IP monetization
efforts in the quarter.

Net interest, other expense, and taxes were $41 million in
the quarter, down from $53 million in the prior quarter, primarily due to a $13
million tax settlement in Q4 2015, which was included in the GAAP results.
Adjusted EBITDA was negative $22 million compared to negative $5 million in the
prior quarter.

Now turning to the business segments. Computing and graphics
revenue was $460 million, down 2% from the prior quarter, primarily due to
lower desktop processor sales. Computing and graphics segment operating loss
was $70 million compared to $99 million the prior quarter, primarily due to
decreased operating expenses.

Enterprise, embedded, and semi-custom revenue was $372
million, down 24% from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower sales of our
semi-custom SoCs. The operating income of this segment was $16 million, down
from $59 million the prior quarter, driven primarily by lower revenue and higher
R&D expenses, partially offset by the IP licensing gains.

Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and cash equivalents
totaled $716 million at the end of the quarter, down $69 million from the end
of the prior quarter, primarily due to lower sales and higher debt interest
payments of $69 million in Q1. Additionally, our Q1 results include $52 million
net of taxes received from our IP licensing agreement. Inventory was $675
million, down $3 million from the end of the prior quarter.

Total wafer purchases from GLOBALFOUNDRIES in the first
quarter were $183 million, including $155 million related to the 2015 WSA
amendment taken in Q1 2016. Debt as of the end of the quarter was $2.24
billion, flat from the end of the prior quarter, including total borrowings of
$230 million on our secured revolving line of credit, unchanged from the prior
quarter. Free cash flow in the first quarter was negative $68 million compared
to a positive $27 million in the fourth quarter of 2015.

Before providing our outlook for the second quarter, let me
provide an update on our ATMP joint venture with Nantong Fujitsu
Microelectronics. Earlier this month, NFME's shareholders approved the
transaction and we are currently in the final stages of obtaining regulatory
approvals and expect to close the transaction this quarter.

Now turning to our outlook, which is based on a
13-fiscal-week quarter. For the second quarter of 2016, we expect revenue to
increase 15% sequentially, plus or minus 3%, driven by a strong demand for our
semi-custom and graphics products.; non-GAAP gross margin to be approximately
31%; non-GAAP operating expenses to be approximately $335 million; IP
monetization licensing gain to be approximately $25 million; non-GAAP interest
expense, taxes, and other to be approximately $45 million, including
approximately $3 million of taxes related to the IP licensing game; cash and
cash equivalents to be approximately $950 million, including approximately $320
million related to our ATMP joint venture; inventory to be up slightly from
first-quarter levels.

For the full-year 2016, we continue to expect revenue to
grow year over year, to be non-GAAP operating profitable in the second half of
2016, and to generate positive free cash flow from operations for 2016. Also,
we now expect non-GAAP operating expenses to be between $330 million and $350
million per quarter; IP monetization licensing gain of approximately $52
million, with $7 million already recognized in Q1 2016; and capital
expenditures of approximately $80 million. For the rest the full-year 2016
outlook, please refer to the written CFO commentary document posted on amd.com.

In closing, we continue to strengthen AMD's core business
while leveraging our IP and technology. As we look to the rest of the year, we
are focused on introducing compelling new products, regaining market share, and
improving our financial performance.

With that, I will turn it back to Ruth. Ruth?

RUTH COTTER: Thank you, Devinder. Operator, we would be very
happy for you to poll the audience for questions, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Mark Lipacis, Jefferies.

MARK LIPACIS, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Thanks for taking my
question. I guess this is one of the most exciting developments that we've
heard about in awhile, the license agreement. And I was hoping that you could
maybe provide some more color on that.

Could you help us understand, maybe just go back in time and
just explain the cross-license agreement that you have with Intel? What should
investors understand about that and assessing any kind of a risk associated
with this IP agreement? Do you need to get -- do you check in -- do you tell
Intel that this is going on, did you get clearance from them, or is this
something that you just kind of run with?

And when do you -- do you have to wait for like regulatory
approval to get this through? Or -- how should we think about timing and
milestones? That is a lot of questions. I will stop there. Thank you.

LISA SU: Okay, Mark. This is Lisa. Thank you for your
question. Regarding the JV that we just announced, yes, we are very excited
about it, partnering with THATIC, and really focusing on the Chinese market for
server processors.

What we are licensing in this agreement is microprocessor
technologies and system-on-chip technologies, all of the technologies, licensed
our AMD technologies. So there are no encumbrances from that standpoint.

We have closed on the deal and we are starting execution of
the deal. So we've talked about, from a financial standpoint, there is a $293
million licensing payment over a number of years. What we expect is the first
payment we received in the first quarter of $50 million-ish, and we expect that
over the first two years that about half of the licensing payments would be
paid upon completion of some development milestones.

So overall for us, I've talked about IP monetization in a
very broad sense. For us, that includes patents as well as technology
licensing. This one is very positive for us, not just from the standpoint that
it leverages our IP, but it also gives us a very key partner in the Chinese
market, which we all believe is going to be very, very important for data
center growth going forward. So hopefully I addressed your questions there.

MARK LIPACIS: Yes, and if I may, just one quick follow-up.
Are you of the view that you just can go and hit the ground running? I guess
you do, because you are expecting a $50 million payment right away. But do you
feel that -- is there any risk in the regulatory front on this deal? Thank you.

LISA SU: We don't expect any risk on the regulatory front.
We believe that the technologies that we are licensing are compliant with all
of the regulations -- the US regulatory issues. And I would also say that the
joint venture is starting and we do believe that we will execute quickly.

MARK LIPACIS: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: David Wong, Wells Fargo.

DAVID WONG, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: Could you
give us some idea? You called out your sequential growth guidance was in part
due to graphics. Are you able to give us any feel for what sequential growth in
graphics your guidance assumes?

And what products are driving the sequential growth? Does
this come from Polaris? Or do Polaris revenues start after the June quarter?

LISA SU: Yes. So David, our sequential guidance, as we
mentioned, is due to both semi-custom and graphics. I would say it is more
heavily weighted on semi-custom.

But if you look at our graphics progression over the last
couple of quarters, even though Q1 is normally a weaker market than Q4, we grew
units overall in the desktop graphics business. So we believe that was on some
of the strength of some of our new software work and our work with the
ecosystem.

So going into the second quarter, again, we believe that we
have an opportunity in graphics to drive some volume. Polaris is on track to
launch in the middle of the year and we will expect that will drive -- further
strengthen the second half.

DAVID WONG: Okay, great. And just a clarification. You
mentioned $53 million license gain, but if I understand correctly, your
guidance is for $25 million in the second quarter. Is that part of that $53
million? Or is that something different?

DEVINDER KUMAR: David, I can take that. So the total
proceeds in the Q1 time frame are $57 million, but there are some taxes related
to that. So the net cash [will result] $52 million. We recognized $7 million in
Q1 of 2016. We are recognizing $25 million in Q2, and then the rest of it will
be over the second half of 2016, which is the balance, $20 million.

DAVID WONG: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Hans Mosesmann, Raymond James.

HANS MOSESMANN, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES,
INC.: Can you give us a sense on Zen, based on you're hitting all your
performance milestones, what part of the server market are you addressing?
What's the size of the opportunity? And I am assuming that you can go after
both enterprise and data center because it is an x86. Thanks.

LISA SU: Yes. We are pleased with the progress on Zen.
Obviously, there are lots of engineering milestones to pass, but a key one is
that we are on track to sample to our priority customers in the second quarter.

In terms of the markets that we can address, yes, we do
believe that Zen has broad applicability across enterprise and data center. And
we will continue to work with both OEMs and ODMs to ensure that they have the
right boards and platforms for our products.

HANS MOSESMANN: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Joe Moore, Morgan Stanley.

JOE MOORE, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: I wonder if you could
talk a little bit about how the JV is going to be set up over time. Will you
compete with them with standard products within China, or is there some kind of
dividing of the market? And will they be manufacturing the products through
their own foundry relationships or will you be delivering them manufactured
product?

LISA SU: Okay, so the way to think about it is the JV
roadmap will be a complementary roadmap to our own server roadmap, so we think
there will be enough differentiation. But taken as a whole, it will be a
compelling roadmap.

In terms of foundries, I think we are not ready to talk
about foundries. But we will update more about the products as we get further
into the execution.

JOE MOORE: Okay. And will the monetization of this over time
-- I mean, you mentioned that there is a royalty component as well. Will most
of the monetization come from the licensing? Or do you think the royalty
portion could be of similar size down the road?

LISA SU: I would say that it is probably a bit early to call
that. The licensing payment is well understood. The royalties will come over
time, depending on the strength of the products and the number of products that
are being done.

JOE MOORE: Okay. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Ian Ing, MKM Partners.

IAN ING, ANALYST, MKM PARTNERS: First question on the server
JV. Your products are going to go up against [decent incumbency] in the China
server market, so how advantaged do you think this JV will be in terms of
perhaps being a locally sourced product? Are there other advantages that this JV
would bring to the table to address the incumbency?

LISA SU: I think we believe that there is a large
opportunity in the data center market across the board. That is why we are
investing so much in Zen and its follow ons. As it relates to the China JV that
we are doing with THATIC, I think there is a -- certainly a benefit to having
someone local that has experience in the market and knowledge of the market.
And THATIC is an investment consortium that is partially led by the Chinese
Academy of Sciences.

So we think that both from a technical and a commercial
standpoint, they will be a value-added partner in this joint venture.

IAN ING: Thanks. And for my follow-up, for your June
guidance, you are getting some strength in from this new semi-custom ramp. How sustained
should we think that ramp to be? And is it a seasonal ramp? Does it come back
every year? Any granularity would help. Thanks.

LISA SU: As it relates to our guidance for the second
quarter and then the full year, if you think about the semi-custom business in
the last few years, the third quarter is always the peak. And it will be the
peak this year as well. We are starting some of the ramp in the second quarter
as we build up to the stronger third quarter.

But overall, I think we feel good about the semi-custom
business. The business overall will grow year on year as a result of the
product momentum we have.

IAN ING: Okay, thanks. I will re-queue.

OPERATOR: Vivek Arya, Bank of America.

SHANKAR IYER, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: This is Shankar
on behalf of Vivek. I have a question on the gross margins. Given the strong
growth in Q2, why isn't the gross margin growing? And longer term, what are the
levers behind the gross margin? Can it grow from 32% to 35%, 40%, and what do
you have to do get there?

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think if you look at the business in
particular, as I said even in my prepared remarks, you have gross margin
levers. But one of the things that obviously comes into play is the mix of
business between the semi-custom business or the EESC business, and then the CG
business. So that obviously comes in play, as Lisa said.

We have the growth with our guidance for revenue in Q2, and
it is weighted towards the semi-custom business in addition to the growth that
we are seeing in graphics. And that is primarily what is driving the guidance
at 31% as compared to where we came in in Q1 at the 32% level.

And then as far as the levels going on from there, I think
it partly is a mix of the business overall from a viewpoint of the semi-custom
business and other businesses. But also the continuing investment we are making
in the roadmaps, as you see from our OpEx guidance for the rest of the year, as
we want to go ahead and invest in products, in graphics, and other areas that
will help us improve the gross margin. And then getting into later on when the
Zen product is introduced, having even higher gross margin compared to where we
are today.

SHANKAR IYER: Got it, thanks. As a follow-up on the
semi-custom side, the -- didn't some embedded revenue will likely come in in
the second half? Like you guided before -- $1 billion of total revenue spread
over, I think, three years. How much of the second-half growth in semi-custom
comes from embedded versus semi-custom?

LISA SU: So maybe let me give you some explanation on that.
So the semi-custom, if you -- just to recap on what we've said about the
semi-custom designs in the past, we have a total of three design wins that have
a lifetime revenue of about -- let's call it $1.5 billion or greater. And that
will come across over the next three to four years. In addition, we have our
current game console business as well.

So when you look at the aggregate of that, we do expect to
start ramping that new business in the second half of the year. But we also
expect the seasonal uplift of our traditional game console business. So that is
adding to what we expect will be a strong year for semi-custom overall.

SHANKAR IYER: If I can just slip in, the $1.5 billion you
said, is that evenly split over the next three to four years or is it ramps
towards the end of 2018 or so?

LISA SU: No, it is definitely -- I mean, it takes some time
to ramp. So this year will be lower since it is half a year and it is not all
the designs. And as we go into the next few years, it will ramp to a
steady-state.

SHANKAR IYER: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Stacy Rasgon, Bernstein Research.

STACY RASGON, ANALYST, BERNSTEIN: Thanks for taking my
questions. First, on the licensing agreement, can you be a little more specific
on exactly what you are licensing? You said it was like high-performance CPUs
and SoCs. Is this x86? Is it ARM? Is it both? What are the other pieces besides
CPUs, potentially, that you are licensing?

LISA SU: The -- what we are licensing is microprocessor
technology and system-on-chip technology. So they are technologies, not
products. The technologies are applicable to both x86 and ARM. But as you know,
most of our investments are in x86.

And then in terms of other aspects, there are other aspects
that are needed to put together system-on-chip. So they include things like
fabrics and other IP.

STACY RASGON: So let me ask the question a different way.
Will the JV be able to manufacture and sell x86-based server chips into China?

LISA SU: Yes. The JV will be able to manufacture and sell
x86 server chips.

STACY RASGON: Thank you, thank you. I have one more question
for you on IP. Is this JV exclusive? Or will you be free to sign other
server-based JVs with other parties, both either inside China or outside of
China?

LISA SU: It is not an exclusive deal.

STACY RASGON: Okay. And one more, if I could. Just on your
-- sorry, in your current quarter, you launched Bristol Ridge in March. So
maybe that led to some of the incremental better-than-market-unit growth. But
why were ASPs overall down, given the product refresh that started? And what do
you expect for pricing into Q2?

LISA SU: Yes, so, if you talk about the Bristol Ridge
launch, we did start the launch in March, including -- on the mobile side. And
that did contribute to some of the mobile units up. If you look at the overall
ASPs, actually mobile ASPs were up. Desktop ASPs were down, and that is why we
said overall down. But it was quite modest. So if you look overall, I think the
ASP trends are about what we would expect.

Going into the second quarter in general, it depends on the
mix and the mix of the product. We are certainly trying to sell further up the
stack. But we will have to see how the exact mix comes out. But there is not a
dramatic change in ASPs, if that is what you're asking.

STACY RASGON: Got it. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Harlan Sur, JPMorgan.

BILL PETERSON, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: This is Bill Peterson
calling in for Harlan. Thanks for taking the question. A clarification on an
earlier question. You said most of the growth is coming from semi-custom and
some from graphics.

How much -- is there any channel fill or related Polaris
revenue in the second quarter or planned in the second quarter? Or is it really
a second-half story?

LISA SU: Again, not being specific, because we have not
actually announced our launch date, but I would say the majority of Polaris is
a second-half story.

BILL PETERSON: Okay, thanks. And then more of a broader
question related to PCs obviously becoming less important. But what is AMD's
view on the PC market in terms of unit shipments this year? And what is the
expectation in terms of AMD's growth in that segment if we think about the full
year?

LISA SU: Yes. So again, on the PC market, I think our view
of the PC market is very consistent with what's out there, probably down, let's
call it, high-single digits. Certainly the first quarter started off a bit
weaker than any of us would have liked.

I would say, though, that in that environment, we still
believe that we can gain share in both the client compute and the graphics
side. Really, as we are transitioning to a new product portfolio on the
graphics side, so I think that is a strong driver for us.

And then on the client compute side, between our product
refresh and also our partnership with OEMs. I think in general, OEMs are
getting more comfortable using us higher up in the stack, and our A8s, our
A10s, our commercial-based processors. So we are continuing to work with OEMs
to ensure that we get into the right priority platforms. So that would be our
focus, even in a down market.

BILL PETERSON: Okay. Thanks for that.

OPERATOR: Suji Desilva, Topeka Capital Markets.

SUJI DESILVA, ANALYST, TOPEKA CAPITAL MARKETS: On the
arrangement with THATIC, can you talk about what end markets the server product
would be specifically targeting? Is it going after government business there,
research institutions, or maybe the China Internet companies?

LISA SU: I think it's fair to say that the market range for
the joint venture will be across China, so across all of the markets that you
mentioned.

SUJI DESILVA: Can you talk about the pipeline for the
licensing business you instituted I guess -- announced a couple of quarters
ago? You already have a success here. I'm wondering how robust the pipeline
might be for further licensing opportunity.

LISA SU: Look, we are thinking about our IP monetization
strategy as really a broad strategy that is going to unfold over the next
number of years. So I wouldn't say that these things are all going to be
immediate.

The IP monetization includes patent licensing. It includes
sales of certain parts of our patent portfolio that are no longer core to our
business, as well as the strategic technology licensing.

We have a good, solid pipeline. I would say it's -- there
are lots of opportunities out there. We are looking for ones that are very
additive to our product portfolio and to our roadmap objectives. And I think we
will look for the right partners to enable that.

SUJI DESILVA: One last quick question; would you be -- would
it be possible to tell us how long you had been in discussions with this
licensing agreement to understand how long lead times are for them to close?

LISA SU: It is fair to say that any one of these deals takes
awhile. So they are fairly involved to go through. But I think we have a good
set of conversations and we certainly believe that there is a lot of value in
this IP portfolio that we will continue to leverage.

SUJI DESILVA: (inaudible) by all means. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ross Seymore, Deutsche Bank.

SIDNEY HO, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: This is Sidney Ho calling
on behalf of Ross. Thanks for taking my question. So first question is you
talked about EESC revenue will be up annually, and I think you talk about the
different components.

Just to be clear, do you expect to game console revenue
specifically to be up? And kind of related to that, do you expect the C&G
revenue to be up this year as well?

LISA SU: Again, I would like to keep it at the segment
level. And at the segment level, we expect both segments to be up -- to
contribute to our overall guidance of revenue being up. As it relates to our
EESC business, the majority of the EESC business is semi-custom, so semi-custom
would have to be up year over year. And then I think that is about as specific
as I would like to get.

SIDNEY HO: Okay, great. And my follow-up question is on the
discrete GPU market. Your competitor has grown very nicely by, what, 35% in the
last two years. Clearly, some of that is coming from share gains.

What do you think -- I mean, you guys have also gained share
in Q1, seems like. What do you think the graphics market itself is growing on a
normalized basis? And it wasn't that long ago you guys were like 50% share in
discrete graphics.

But with the traction you are seeing right now and with
Polaris right around the corner, how quickly do you think you can regain share?
And which segment do you think has the biggest opportunities?

LISA SU: I think the graphics business is very strategic to
us, and I think it is not just a unit story. It is really also the mix going to
higher-end graphics, driven by VR and driven by AAA gaming, and all the things
going on there.

As it relates our share, I will say that we certainly have
aspirations to regain shares to our historic levels. It will take us some
period of time, so it will happen over multiple number of quarters. We are
optimistic about the second half of the year and we think Polaris is positioned
well. We are particularly positioning in some of the mainstream segments that
are higher volume, so would drive share growth faster. And we will have to see
how that plays out in the second half of the year.

SIDNEY HO: Great, thanks.

OPERATOR: Christopher Danely, Citigroup.

UNIDENTIFIED PARTICIPANT: This is Marco speaking on behalf
of Chris Danely. In light of your IP licensing agreement with THATIC, can you
just kind of talk about your expectations for the China server market in
2016/2017? And if are there any longer-term milestones?

LISA SU: Yes, so with regard to our China JV with THATIC, we
are -- we're starting the development phase in 2016, so I would say that we
view this as a longer-term opportunity for us. But overall, I think all of the
trends in the data center market are certainly positive. We believe we can
participant in those trends with both the AMD products as well as the JV
products.

UNIDENTIFIED PARTICIPANT: Thank you. And then my follow-up
-- regarding your days of inventory, it looks like this quarter is about 110
days. Why is it so high? And if you -- if there's any worries.

DEVINDER KUMAR: I think if you look at it from a days
standpoint, essentially we have managed the inventory pretty well. It is up
slightly in Q1, but we also guided the revenue up pretty significantly from
where we ended in Q1. And we have also said the second half of the year, we are
expecting strength over first half, and obviously that leads to higher
inventory.

So Q1 to Q2, up slightly; revenues up. And then we expect
second half to be stronger than the first half.

UNIDENTIFIED PARTICIPANT: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Kevin Cassidy, Stifel.

KEVIN CASSIDY, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Thank you for
taking my question. On the licensing and JV, are there opportunities -- would
you consider the mobile market or the desktop market?

LISA SU: When you say the -- you mean mobile PCs or mobile
other?

KEVIN CASSIDY: Yes, notebook -- just mobile PCs.

LISA SU: I see. Look, I think as it relates to the overall
licensing strategy, I think we are open to licensing that makes sense. And so
strategically placed with the right market, with the right market drivers, I
don't think we have anything that is necessarily off-limits.

I will say that it does need to be strategic and additive to
our product business. Our first priority is the product business, and the IP
monetization efforts is an overlay on top of that.

KEVIN CASSIDY: Okay? And what is the time frame for the JV?
I guess does this license go on through the life of the patent?

LISA SU: It is for a number of years through the product
development and sales cycle.

KEVIN CASSIDY: Okay, nothing specific right now?

LISA SU: Nothing specific right now.

KEVIN CASSIDY: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Vijay Rakesh, Mizuho Securities.

VIJAY RAKESH, ANALYST, MIZUHO SECURITIES USA: Just on this
licensing agreement, obviously when you license it to China, do you think they
have the manufacturing or process experience to go into production with this?
And what is the timeline to get commercial products in the market with this
licensing agreement?

LISA SU: We are not talking about sort of the details of the
product timelines just yet. We would like to really get the JV off and running
before we disclose those details. And those will be disposed as part of the
joint venture.

As it relates to manufacturing, I think there might be
interest in manufacturing in China, although that is certainly not a condition
of the deal.

VIJAY RAKESH: Got it. And as you look at this semi-custom
ramp, the 15% to 18%, very encouraging. How do you split it up between gaming
and the new VR strategy, VR market? Obviously, VR seems to be a huge market as
you look out. Thanks.

LISA SU: Yes, I think the way to think about it is for the
near term, I think the semi-custom business and gaming is probably the larger
driver. We believe VR is a strategic area where you will see more pickup over
the next number of quarters and over the next years. But it is not the
near-term driver.

VIJAY RAKESH: Got it, thanks.

OPERATOR: John Pitzer, Credit Suisse.

JOHN PITZER, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Lisa, I guess my first
question -- when you look at your full-year guide for revenue to grow, I am
kind of curious to what extent is that based upon sort of market forecast
versus market share gains.

I know you don't want to get into division by division, but
maybe at a high level, as you look at your year-over-year growth, how do you
differentiate between what the market is doing and kind of the market share
gains that you need to get to that year-over-year growth?

LISA SU: Yes, that is a fair question. So let me break it up
into the two segments. When you look at the EESC segment and especially
semi-custom, that is less about a general market and more about what we see in
terms of the customer forecasts, and what they are seeing the market to be. So
I think those are, let's call it, fairly well understood by us, and we are very
interlocked with our customers.

When you talk about the computing and graphics market, I
think that is where you get a little bit more of how much uncertainty is there
with the PC market trends. There is no question that the PC market is weaker
than any of us would like.

I think from our standpoint, though, if you remember the
last few quarters and how many times we've talked about inventory normalization
and ensuring that we got ourselves into a healthy position relative to our OEM
and channel customers, I think we feel that we've done a good job there. And we
are now in a place where the consumption is more in line with the selling.

So we believe that even in this market, there is enough
opportunity for us to gain share, and obviously we have to prove that out over
the next couple of quarters. But just given where our business is, where we see
the products, and where we see the design wins, that is how we see the market
right now.

JOHN PITZER: And then Lisa, I apologize if you addressed
this, but just going back to the JV in China, I am just kind of curious. The IP
licensing gains you expected this year, are there any milestones that you need
to hit to get that? And as we think about 2017, if you hit the milestones in
2017, would we expect licensing to grow year over year from the JV?

And then lastly on the JV, just given that you guys have the
opportunity to go into China today and sell your own product, I am just curious
how we should think about $100 of server product in the JV and what that means
to you from an economic standpoint versus you just going into China today and
selling $100 worth of server product as AMD.

LISA SU: Yes, no, good question. So look, on the JV
licensing payments, we will expect about half of the licensing revenue to come
over the next two years, so over 2016 and 2017. Our current forecast for 2016
was that $50-ish million that Devinder mentioned, and it is contingent on
several milestones that we believe are on track.

To your broader question about why do a JV versus just
selling right into servers? We are very cognizant of where our share is in
servers. So I believe we have the technology to get there and we will continue
to make progress.

But given the importance of China and the fact that having a
partner who is very much familiar with both the Chinese market from a customer
as well as just a technology standpoint I think can only be additive. And there
is more than enough server market to go after, given where we are. So I think
it's an additive deal to our baseline strategy.

JOHN PITZER: Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Deepon Nag, Macquarie.

DEEPON NAG, ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH: Lisa, for the
semi-custom wins that you are going to get in the back half of the year, are
those going to be purely incremental to existing products? Or is there any risk
of cannibalization to existing products?

LISA SU: I don't believe that we have gone through any
detail about what those wins are, so I would prefer to let that come out as our
customers are ready to launch.

DEEPON NAG: Okay, thanks for that. And then on the game
console side, so clearly VR is going to be a pretty big deal in Q4 with so many
PS4 VR. And there has been some chatter about obviously maybe a thatcher
refresh for some of the game consuls.

Because the value of graphics is becoming higher in these
game consoles, is there any potential for you to get higher content, and more
specifically higher margins in future console refreshes? And is there also any
ability to renegotiate terms if -- because of the value of your IP is getting
more valuable inside these consoles?

LISA SU: Let me take that in several pieces. Relative to our
current game consoles, those deals were well negotiated at the beginning, and I
don't think we will be renegotiating. I think the ASPs and all that stuff are
also well understood.

Relative to what VR brings -- and again, not being specific
to any particular customer because there is just a lot of speculation out there
in the industry -- I will say that VR is very exciting, not just for game
consoles, but for PC gaming, for the headset guys, for the ecosystem. So yes,
we believe that graphics becomes much more valuable in this framework, and we
will be looking for how to leverage and monetize that across both our
semi-custom business as well as our discrete graphics and APU businesses.

DEEPON NAG: Just one quick clarification, if I could squeeze
it in. So if -- for any future console refreshes, though, you do have the
ability to reset ASP trends? Or is it already pre-negotiated in your initial
contracts?

LISA SU: I think if anybody were to do a different console
or a new console, then that would be a new negotiation. But for the current
generation consoles, those terms are locked.

DEEPON NAG: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.

OPERATOR: Jaguar Bajwa, Arete Research.

JAGUAR BAJWA, ANALYST, ARETE RESEARCH: Thanks for taking the
question. Just on the Polaris launch in midyear, you talked about attacking the
mainstream segment of the GPU market. I just wonder when you look at potential
share gains in the second half, do you expect that to come more from the
discrete desktop side in the AIB channel or the notebook space where you have a
relatively higher share, market share?

And given your ASPs in that space, roughly in the discrete
desktop spaces, I think you've got about a third of the ASP of your competitor.
Just wondering on the trend of that and how you see that over the second half
of the year.

LISA SU: Yes, so we believe that we have a share gain
opportunity in both mobile and desktop/AIB as we look at Polaris and how it
will launch in the second half of the year. Relative to the ASP trends, I think
that depends a bit on the mix of the business. So I think I will defer that to
how things look.

But from a macro standpoint, we believe we can get a larger
share -- a larger revenue share in discrete graphics. But we will certainly
have to look at how the individual quarters shape up.

JAGUAR BAJWA: Okay. And then also, on the -- given your IP
licensing deal in China, I am just wondering on the acceleration side for GPU,
do you see opportunity there potentially with that deal?

And also just in a more general sense, we hear a lot about
acceleration with GPU. Can you just talk about how you're approaching that
acceleration in general? Will Polaris be suited to that? Or will we have to
wait for Vega to come out later in the year? And how do you differentiate
versus your competitors?

LISA SU: In terms of your first question on GPU
acceleration, so the JV that we announced with THATIC is focused on
microprocessor technologies only, so it does not cover graphics.

And then to your comment about graphics acceleration or just
in general becoming more important and a growth driver, we would agree with
that. I think going forward, you will see a bit more focus from us in that
area. We have launched some new professional graphics products recently.

We will -- we've also introduced this new software
initiative called GPUOpen that really focuses on building an open ecosystem
around the graphics area, both in compute and gaming. So we do believe it is a
good opportunity and it'll be an area that we will invest more.

JAGUAR BAJWA: Great, thanks very much.

RUTH COTTER: Operator, that concludes today's call. If you
would like to wrap it up, please. Thank you.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's teleconference. You may
disconnect your line at this time and have a wonderful day. We thank you for
your participation today.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042116a5976918.718










 EXECUTIVES (93%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); HUMAN
RESOURCES (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (73%); PRESS RELEASES
(71%)










  ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC (94%);

JEFFERIES LLC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(72%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO
(58%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

MIZUHO SECURITIES CO LTD (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%)










 AMD (NASDAQ) (94%); AMD (FRA) (94%); JPM (NYSE) (58%);
JPM (LSE) (58%); MS (NYSE) (58%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); DEUT (JSE)
(57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%); DB (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); WEBCASTS (89%);
TELECOMMUNICATIONS (73%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%); INTERNET & WWW (69%)










 BOSTON, MA, USA (79%)










 April 23, 2016




