FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
31, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 9332 words

Corporate Participants

* Joseph F. Krocheski

. - VP of IR

* Karen S. Lynch

. - President

* Mark T. Bertolini

. - Chairman & CEO

* Shawn M. Guertin

. - Executive VP, CFO & Chief
Enterprise Risk Officer

Conference Call Participants

* Christian Douglas Rigg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Christine Mary Arnold

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* David Howard Windley

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gary Paul Taylor

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Analyst

* Justin Lake

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD & Senior Healthcare Services
Analyst

* Kevin Mark Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - MD in Equity
Research

* Lance Arthur Wilkes

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Matthew Richard Borsch

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Managed Care and
Providers Analyst

* Michael John Baker

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Health Care Services Analyst

* Peter Heinz Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD and
Senior Analyst

* Ralph Giacobbe

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director

* Sarah Elizabeth James

Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division - Senior Research
Analyst

* Stephen Barr Willoughby

Cleveland Research Company - Senior Research Analyst

* Joshua Raskin

Nephron Research LLC - Research Analyst

* Zachary William Sopcak

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - VP on the Healthcare
Services and Distribution Team

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Rob and I'll be your
conference facilitator today. At this time, I will like to welcome everyone to
the Aetna Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe
Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Krocheski, you may begin.

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC.: Good morning, and
thank you for joining Aetna's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call and Webcast.
This is Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna. And with
me this morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark
Bertolini; and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Guertin.

Following the prepared remarks, we will answer your
questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President, will join us for the Q&A
session.

As a reminder, during this call, we will make
forward-looking statements. Risk factors that may impact those statement and
could cause actual future results to differ materially from currently projected
results are described in this morning's press release and the reports we file
out with the SEC. We've also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
measures in our press release and guidance summary. These reconciliations are
available on the Investor Information section of aetna.com.

We would also like to invite investors to mark their
calendars for Aetna's 2017 Investor Conference, which will be held in New York
City on December 14. Invitations for this limited attendance event will be sent
shortly. And for those unable to attend in person, a webcast will be available.

As you know, our ability to respond to certain inquiries
from investors and analysts in nonpublic forums is limited, so we invite you to
ask all questions of a material nature on this call. We would like to remind
you, however, that it is our policy not to comment on rumors or speculation in
the media or otherwise.

With that, I will turn the call over to Mark Bertolini.
Mark?

MARK T. BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AETNA INC.: Good
morning. Thank you, Joe, and thank you all for joining us today. As you are all
aware, there has been a lot of speculation in the media about Aetna. As Joe
stated in his introduction, it is our policy not to comment on rumors or
speculation.

Turning to our third quarter results. This morning, Aetna
reported quarterly adjusted earnings of $2.45 per share, an 18% increase over
the third quarter of 2016. Our third quarter results are a continuation of our
momentum from the first half of the year, specifically: underwriting margin
performance was strong; disciplined pricing; a focus on a high-quality care
management; and an overall moderate medical cost trend environment, resulted in
a total health medical benefit ratio of 81.9%, an improvement compared to the
same period last year despite the suspension of the health insurer fee, and we
achieved an adjusted pretax margin of 9.2% while continuing to make targeted
investments in growth initiatives.

Our focus remains on helping our members achieve their
personal health ambition, and our third quarter results reflect our continued
progress. Based on our continued strong results, today, we increased our full
year 2017 adjusted EPS projection to approximately $9.75 per share, up from our
previous projection of $9.45 to $9.55 per share. Our updated projection
represents a $0.25 per share improvement over the midpoint of our previous
projection and an 18% growth versus 2016, well above our targeted long-term
growth range.

In a few moments, Shawn will provide a more detailed review
of our third quarter results and updated 2017 guidance, but first, I would like
to highlight some operational and strategic accomplishments in the quarter.

From an operational perspective, our diversified portfolio
of businesses continued to deliver strong underwriting results in the third
quarter across Commercial, Medicare and Medicaid. Specifically, our Commercial
results in the quarter featured continued improvement in our Small Group
products as repositioning these products has continued to drive better results.
And the performance of our government products in the quarter reflect strong
underwriting results in our Medicare products and our previously disclosed
increased investment spending on growth initiatives.

From a top line perspective, our Medicare products continue
to be the main growth driver for the company. We now serve over 2.2 million
Medicare members across group, Individual Medicare Advantage and Medicare
Supplement products. This represents year-to-date growth of over 150,000
members, driven by 15% growth in Individual Medicare Advantage membership, our
strong Stars positioning, attractive product design and increasing geographic
presence are all visible in our third quarter Medicare results. As we look to
the Annual Election Period, which is currently underway, we believe we are
well-positioned to grow our Medicare Advantage membership in 2018. Our Stars
positioning remains strong. Our planned expansion into 128 new counties for
2018 is expected to increase our geographic footprint to cover approximately
62% of the Individual Medicare-eligible population, up from 56% in 2017.

We are launching innovative products, including a portable
Medicare Advantage option to address the needs of mobile seniors, and we are
launching new Medicare Advantage products in Virginia built on our Innovation
Health joint venture. Combined with the successful renewal and selling season
in Group Medicare Advantage, we remain confident in our ability to grow our
2018 MA membership in excess of industry growth rates. Looking forward, our
business model will be increasingly driven by data and the application of
advanced analytics to enhance our understanding of each of our members.
Interpreting the data in a way that makes it actionable to impact member
behavior and help improve their health will further position Aetna as the
partner of choice for people seeking to achieve their personal health ambition.
Acting on this information, we are focused on developing models that improve
health outcomes, provide care closer to members' homes in some local
communities and increasingly center on a deeper understanding of each
individuals social determinants of health and reducing the barriers that
prevent our members from improving their health.

To accomplish our goals, we will work with health care and
other nontraditional providers in local communities to source needed services
for our members. Our collaboration announced in the third quarter with Meals on
Wheels America speaks to the types of creative arrangements we will continue to
develop. Together, we are launching a pilot program to create a best-in-class
model for care coordination, integrating Meals on Wheels daily nutritious
meals, social support and critical safety checks in the continuum of care
required as people age. This relationship will help us better connect with our
members and their homes and communities and enable us to partner with them to
address the many social determinants that influence their health.

By combining advanced analytics, engaging digital consumer
tools and innovative local care models, we will deliver on our brand promise by
continuing to: enhance our service levels, increase the quality of care our
members receive, reduce the rate of medical cost trend and help our members
achieve their personal health ambition.

The recently released 2018 Medicare Star ratings continue to
demonstrate our progress in delivering on our strategy. At 87%, Aetna has the
highest percentage of membership in 4-star or greater plans among
publicly-traded companies for the third straight year. Based on our projected
membership growth in 2018, we expect that percentage to rise and be relatively
stable year-over-year.

We often speak about our strong Star ratings in financial or
competitive terms. However, it is important to remember that the Star rating
program serves as our report card to our Medicare members where we continue to
demonstrate our ability to deliver value across a variety of clinical and
service metrics. Our consistently high ratings further validate our commitment
and execution in delivering high-quality and affordable service to our members.
In short, we are pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date operating
performance and strategic progress. In a few moments, Shawn will provide more
detail on how to think about Aetna's growth prospects in 2018, but first, I
would like to provide some overall context.

At our investor update meeting early this year, we shared
with you our growth model for Aetna in which we discussed our ability to drive
mid- to high single digit profitable top line growth. To achieve this level of
growth, we needed to rebalance our portfolio of businesses to point towards
products that have better prospects for profitable top line growth. We began
this process with our ACA-compliant Small Group and Individual Commercial
products. As you know, since late 2016, we have been repositioning our
ACA-compliant Small Group products towards alternative funding products and
reducing our exposure to Individual Commercial products in 2017 and outright
exiting for 2018.

In addition, earlier this month, we announced the sale of
our U.S. Group Life and Disability businesses, which will enable us to focus
capital and management attention on achieving our broader strategic objectives
and our company mission of building a healthier world.

Finally, our strong underwriting margin position across our
core businesses has enabled us to make a number of investments that we believe
will drive longer-term growth. While collectively these actions have created
some near-term headwinds, they will better position us to achieve our targeted
top line growth objectives beginning in 2019.

In summary, I am confident Aetna is positioned to achieve
our long-term growth goals. We have the right vision to lead in the changing
health care marketplace, that the investments we are making will position Aetna
to succeed as the health partner of choice for the people we serve and we can
achieve our updated 2017 adjusted EPS projection of approximately $9.75.

I want to thank all of our employees for their efforts in
serving our members and delivering another strong quarter for Aetna and our
shareholders.

I will now turn the call over to Shawn, who will provide
additional insight into our third quarter results and our updated 2017 outlook.
Shawn?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN, EXECUTIVE VP, CFO & CHIEF ENTERPRISE
RISK OFFICER, AETNA INC.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Earlier
today, we reported third quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $814 million and
adjusted earnings per share of $2.45, year-over-year growth of 11% and 18%,
respectively. Our third quarter results reflect strong core business fundamental,
driven by disciplined pricing, moderate medical cost trend and continued
capital deployment.

I'll begin with some comments on our overall performance.
Our medical membership of 22.2 million is in line with our expectations for the
period. Adjusted revenue was $14.9 billion, a year-over-year decrease, driven
by a planned reduction in Commercial ACA insured membership, the 2017
suspension of the health insurer fee and no Medicaid contract losses. These
dynamics were partially offset by higher premium yields in our Commercial and
Government businesses and membership growth in our Medicare products. From an
operating perspective, our businesses are performing well. Our adjusted pretax
margin was 9.2%, a very strong result and at the high end of our target range.
Our third quarter total health medical benefit ratio was 81.9%, an improvement
of 10 basis points compared to the same period last year.

Our third quarter results reflect strong underwriting
performance that more than offset the approximately 200 basis point impact of
the 1-year suspension of the health insurer fee. Our adjusted expense ratio was
17.5%, a 10 basis point improvement over the third quarter of 2016, driven
primarily by the suspension of the health insurer fee in 2017 and the continued
execution of our expense management initiatives, partially offset by the
targeted investment spending on growth initiatives discussed on prior earnings
calls this year.

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the
adequacy of our reserves. We experienced favorable prior-period reserve
development in the quarter across all of our core products, primarily
attributable to second quarter 2017 dates of service. And our day's claims
payables were stable sequentially at 54 days at the end of the quarter.

Turning to cash flow and capital. Our year-to-date Health
Care and Group Insurance cash flows were approximately 1.5x net earnings.
During the quarter, we distributed $166 million to our quarterly shareholder
dividend, and we repurchased $545 million of our shares. Year-to-date, we have
returned a total of approximately $4.3 billion to shareholders through share
repurchases in our quarterly shareholder dividend. In short, we are pleased
with our third quarter result and the continued successful execution of our
strategy to become a more consumer-focused company.

I will now discuss the key drivers of our third quarter
results in greater detail, beginning with our Government business. We delivered
another solid quarter, continuing our positive momentum from the first half of
2017. From a membership perspective, we grew by 23,000 Medicare members in the
quarter, including growth of 11,000 in Individual Medicare Advantage. Our
Medicaid membership declined by approximately 218,000 members in the quarter,
primarily driven by our June 30 exit of the Maryland ASC contract. This
membership decline was in line with our previous projection for the period.

We grew our third quarter 2017 Government premiums, which
represent over half of our total Health Care premiums to $6.7 billion. Medicare
premiums were nearly 5% compared to the prior year period, driven by strong
premium growth of 12% in Individual Medicare Advantage. Medicaid premiums
declined year-over-year due to previously disclosed state contract exits. Our
Government medical benefit ratio was 82.4%, a continuation of the strong
results we achieved in this business during the first half of the year.

Shifting to our Commercial business, which also had a very
strong third quarter from an operating margin perspective. We grew insured
Commercial membership in the quarter by 177,000 members, reflecting
international growth related to our acquisition of Bupa Group's Thailand
business, partially offset by our continued repositioning in Small Group
ACA-related products, which drove reduced Small Group insured membership. From
a year-over-year perspective, total Commercial premiums were lower, largely the
result of our reduced ACA-compliant Individual and Small Group exposure and the
suspension of the health insurer fee, partially offset by higher premium
yields. However, our Large Group Commercial premiums were modestly higher as
compared to the third quarter of 2016 despite the impact of the suspension of
the health insurer fee. Our Commercial medical benefit ratio was 81.4% for the
quarter, a very good result and a 240 basis point improvement over the third
quarter of 2016 despite the negative influence of the suspension of the health
insurer fee.

To better understand the year-over-year comparison, let me
discuss the drivers of our underwriting results by product group. Continuing
the momentum from the first half of the year, we delivered another strong
quarter of underwriting result in our Large Group Commercial insured product.
Our third quarter results reflect continued pricing discipline and moderate
medical cost trends. Based on our year-to-date 2017 results, now expect our
2017 non-ACA core commercial medical cost trends will be approximately 5.5%.

We also had a strong quarter of underwriting result in our
Small Group Commercial product as we continue to have success in repositioning
these products to improve their profitability.

Moving to our ACA-compliant Individual Commercial products.
Our third quarter results were largely in line with our expectation, with lower
losses compared to the same period last year due in large part to our reduced
membership. Based on our third quarter results and excluding prior year items,
we continue to project an underlying loss on 2017 ACA-compliant Individual
Commercial products.

Shifting to our fee-based group Commercial business. We grew
Commercial ASC membership by 95,000 members in the third quarter. We now serve
nearly 410,000 more Commercial ASC members compared to the same period last
year. From a profitability perspective, our group Commercial fee-based business
had another solid quarter, exceeding our previous expectation.

Moving on to the balance sheet. Our financial position,
capital structure and liquidity all continue to be very strong. At September
30, we had a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of approximately 39.5%,
reflecting our decision in the quarter to prefund $1 billion of debt maturities
that come due in the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect our year-end 2017
debt-to-total-capitalization ratio to come back down to be more in line with
our targeted range.

Looking at cash and investments at the parent. We started
the quarter with approximately $203 million. Net subsidiary dividend to the
parent were $705 million. We issued $1 billion in debt in the quarter. We paid
a shareholder dividend of $166 million. We used $545 million to repurchase
shares. And we ended the quarter with approximately $1.2 billion of cash at the
parent, reflecting the previously discussed prefunding of fourth quarter 2017
debt maturities. Our basic share count was approximately 326.1 million at
September 30.

This morning, we increased our 2017 adjusted earnings per
share guidance to approximately $9.75 based on continued strong performance in
the third quarter. Our updated 2017 projections are influenced by the following
drivers. We now project our full year 2017 adjusted revenue to be approximately
$60.5 billion, reflecting the divestiture of our U.S. Group Life and Disability
businesses. We now project that our full year total health care medical benefit
ratio will be approximately 82.3%. This improved outlook is driven by continued
moderate medical cost. We now project our adjusted pretax margin to be
approximately 8.9%, consistent with our high single-digit target. We now
project adjusted earnings will be nearly $3.3 billion. And we now project full
year 2017 dividends from subsidiaries to be up to $3.2 billion, excluding any
dividends related to the cash consideration received for the sale of our U.S.
Group Life and Disability businesses. Excluding dividends related to the sale,
we expect to end the year with approximately $400 million in parent cash,
reflecting the repayment of $1 billion of debt maturities during the fourth
quarter and additional capital deployment. The balance of our 2017 guidance
metrics remained unchanged and can be found on our guidance summary.

As is our convention, we will not be providing any 2018
projections on today's call. However, I will provide some directional
commentary to help investors better understand some of the larger moving items
that we expect will impact 2018 adjusted revenue and adjusted earnings.

As you know, as a matter of course, we do not include prior
year's reserve development in our forward earnings projections. Additionally,
2017 results benefited from the final assessment of 2016 risk adjustment and
reinsurance for ACA-compliant products. Based on our updated 2017 adjusted EPS
projection and the combination of these 2 items, we believe Aetna's 2017
baseline adjusted earnings to be approximately $8.75 per share. While we are
still working through our planning process, we have incorporated a number of
challenges in our forward outlook. From an adjusted revenue perspective, these
include: the previously disclosed sale of our U.S. Group Life and Disability
businesses, the previously disclosed Medicaid contract exits, our exit from
Individual Commercial products and our continued repositioning of our
ACA-compliant Small Group Commercial products. We project these top line
challenges will also pressure adjusted earnings in 2018.

In addition to these items, we project adjusted earnings
growth to be pressured by the reintroduction of the industry-wide nondeductible
health insurer fee, creating a headwind of approximately $0.25 in 2018 due to
the timing of revenue and expense recognition. We also expect this
reintroduction to produce incremental experience rating pressure in our Large
Group Insured products.

For 2018, we do see a number of opportunities, including:
our projected above-industry growth in Individual Medicare Advantage and strong
growth in Group Medicare Advantage products; the full year impact of 2017
capital deployment action and the potential to deploy additional capital to
improve adjusted EPS growth; the reduction of losses from exiting Individual
Commercial products in 2018; and our ability to achieve expense efficiencies as
we continue to simplify our processes and drive for best-in-class business
performance.

In closing, as we begin the final quarter of 2017 and
continue to plan for 2018, we are encouraged by what has been a strong adjusted
EPS growth year in 2017 despite some top line challenges. We also remain
confident in our ability to drive long-term adjusted EPS growth over time.

I will now turn the call back over to Joe. Joe?

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna management
team is now ready for your questions. (Operator Instructions) Operator, the
first question, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from Josh Raskin with Nephron Research.

JOSHUA RASKIN, RESEARCH ANALYST, NEPHRON RESEARCH LLC: I
guess I wanted to talk about the top line a little bit more and maybe juxtapose
that with some of the investment spending. And so I guess I just want to get a
better sense of the top line. I understand this repositioning, it sounds like
2018 won't be a growth year, but you're expecting that in '19. So I guess I'm
wondering what are the major drivers. I'm assuming Medicare is in there, but
how do you think about the rest of the book after you carry everything back?
And then maybe you can include what some of the investment spending has been.
You've seen acceleration that's vetting through the income statement, and CapEx
was actually up a lot in the quarter as well. So hopefully, those are connected
questions for you guys could talk a little about where the growth will come
from.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Josh, I think your overall
characterization of '18 and '19 is correct. And when you think about a lot of
the spending that we've been doing, especially in the second half of the year,
a lot of that actually has been more pointed at 2019 growth, particularly in
Medicare, for example, with ongoing geographic expansion. A lot of the
expenditures we're doing around analytics and technology and digital platform
were also things that have a multi-year sort of growth dynamic to them. So I
think when you think about '19, we would largely think about Medicare
continuing on that above-industry growth trajectory that it's been on. I'll
continue to think about our large group core businesses sort of being in that
mid-single digits, which they've largely been on. And what will be a driver, I
think, around '19 actually will be Medicaid. And if we can get back on the low
double-digit track of Medicaid earnings growth. And obviously, we're making
some investment there around sort of our procurement and reprocurement
processes. But that, I think, will ultimately turn out to be the linchpin
around sort of the degree of growth for 2019.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Kevin Fischbeck with
Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN MARK FISCHBECK, MD IN EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: All right. Maybe just following up on that question
then. I guess, can you talk a little bit about the small group positioning?
It's been a few years now in a row where you -- could you talk about Small
Group positioning where I guess the margins continue to perform well, but the
top line is not really growing. When do you think we'll see that inflection
point?

KAREN S. LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC.: Kevin, its Karen. I
think the -- what -- you'll continue to see contraction in Small Group during
'18 as we continue to look at the ACA book and really have a tailored approach
to that. As you know, we've been repositioning the book for self-insured. That
has been doing quite well for us in the market. So I think the '19 year is
where you should expect to see growth. You should see growth there.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. Just to recall, Kevin, that
obviously, there is a dynamic here of going on to the move to alternate
funding, right, which sometimes we're saving some of those members but they're
in a reduced revenue profile. The other thing I would say that I think has
happened this year is when we look at that business, we've largely got that
business back into a target margin range. And so I think the repositioning is
more successful than just sort of the revenue line it might indicate on the
surface.

KEVIN MARK FISCHBECK: And how much of that ASO membership is
coming from the Small Group conversion?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: A fair amount is coming. I mean, we're
getting both. It's both large group and small group, but there's a fair amount
of strength in the underlying Small Group move into that market.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Justin Lake with
Wolfe Research.

JUSTIN LAKE, MD & SENIOR HEALTHCARE SERVICES ANALYST,
WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Just wanted to stay on the top line for '18. Did you say
that you agree that 2018 that would be a down year from a revenue perspective?
And then Shawn, I know you've talked about departure, that exiting some of
these businesses in the Medicaid losses put on the SG&A line. Can you
expand at all on how you expect that SG&A to leveraging that impact the
business and whether you feel like you can offset it with some other efficiency
targets?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So let me be clear about 2018, I
think in response to Josh's question, I was concurring that it wouldn't be a
growth year. I don't think I said that it would be a down year. I do think it's
important on these revenue issues, right, we have a good handle on what the
revenue is. The Individual exit is a little north of $1 billion. The Group
Insurance divestiture is $2 billion. The Medicaid exits are probably
approaching $2 billion. So there's a lot in this repositioning there to sort of
hold flat. I think, as we mentioned, some of what we did this year was to try
to accelerate SG&A spending and spend it in lieu of, maybe spending it in
the future. We've done that. Some of the spending that we've ramped up this
year won't recur. But to your point, I think in this business, when you're
challenged on the top line, you just really need to take the action on the
SG&A line through your productivity measures and elsewhere. And I think
that'll be part of sort of the roll forward for having a successful 2018 will
be managing this deleveraging.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Peter
Costa with Wells Fargo.

PETER HEINZ COSTA, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'd like to ask you about your PBM
contract, which is coming up at the end of 2019. You talked about having an
answer for us some time by the end of this year, but you also recently said you
were hopeful of having that done before Anthem that their contract done in case
CVS won it, and appears they have won it. So can you talk about how you
perceive your contracts will go with this year for 2019 or 2020?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Yes. Peter, this is Mark. So we have to
make a decision at the latest announce the decision of the latest of mid-'18 in
order to make the transition operationally were we to move that contract. If
you look at the details of the Anthem relationship, is very much patterned
after ours, but with a very short access to their own PBM operation. So we view
this is not a problem for us. We believe that, that will help them leveraging
the buying that CVS does for drugs, so we can continue to find a lower cost
structure. So we're not at all concerned about that relationship. We think its
fine. And we think that we've got some time, we're talking to all the right
people across all the relevant parties that could help us with a contract like
this to get to a decision and announce a decision no later than mid-'18.

PETER HEINZ COSTA: So is mid-'18 later than you'd originally
thought? I thought that you were hoping -- hopeful by the end of this year.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: We will have our own internal
decision-making process by the end of this year. But we will -- it will
probably be mid-'18 before we figure out the logic of how we're going to
communicate it and how we're going to transition it. Once you come to a
decision, you have to build the execution path to move forward.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Gary
Taylor with JPMorgan.

GARY PAUL TAYLOR, ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Most of my questions have been answered. I just want to go
back to Shawn on the HIF headwind for 2018. That $0.25 net impact you're
talking about, that would be both impact in terms of Commercial timing and also
any net impact on MA margin?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: What we've tried to do is actually
characterize it as other people have characterized it in this cycle. So what I
would say is, it's a combination of sort of the accounting dynamic that exists
this year and then the effect of this next year. As I've mentioned before, this
is -- money is fungible. And so it is all about you can put it 100% into
pricing, but it's about whether you get your overall aggregate price at the end
of the day. So this quantification was sort of intended to pick up both
dynamics.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: In Medicare, it's really a
market-by-market determination based on where we are with the plan design,
where we are with the rebate structure, how our underlying medical costs are
going. So it can't be looked at on average. I mean, we'll give guidance toward
that near the end but this is or as we get to 2018 guidance. But from our
perspective, this is a market-by-market discussion.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: And I continue to, as I we've talked to
people as this played out, obviously, the Group Commercial, the Large Group
plays in this space to sort of watch this because I think the absolute level of
rate increase matters. And we're having obviously a good year on Commercial.
And so I think, that is going to create some challenges in terms of sort of how
much of that will flow back through the experience rating profit.

GARY PAUL TAYLOR: I mean, now you are saying that you're
actually seeing some more aggressive pricing behavior in Large Group
Commercial, that's effectively what you're saying?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: No, no, no, not at all. I'm just saying
the absolute rate increase matters. And as we try to sort of manage that
dynamic through the experience rating process, I think it creates pressure on
the overall sort of renewal rating process.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Christine
Arnold with Cowen and Company.

CHRISTINE MARY ARNOLD, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'd like to follow up on the HIF. Given
that you're exiting about $1 billion in revenue in Individual and about $2
billion in Medicaid, are you able to cover the HIF related to that because the
HIF is related on prior year revenue? And how do we think about that headwind
and the ability to offset that with rate increases to the rest of the book?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So Christine, when you start to
recover this, you're always making provision for what is the estimated revenue
base you're going to have to recover this from. And so in doing that, we
normally buy ourselves some breathing room and anticipate that we might have
some of this. So that dynamic, though, is captured in the $0.25. When we look
at it, I think we've done a pretty good job of positioning ourselves for sort
of how this is -- has played out.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Dave Windley
with Jefferies.

DAVID HOWARD WINDLEY, EQUITY ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Just wanted to put a final point on the SG&A spending. By
our estimate, your increase in SG&A guidance this year is probably about
$0.5 billion, maybe even little more than that in terms of your expected
spending versus the beginning of the year. And I wondered, Shawn, you alluded
to some of those being pulled forward in an earlier comment. Could you get --
could you be a little more specific or precise about how much you're able to
dial that back? How much of that is nonrecurring, things of that sort?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. I probably can't be overly specific at
this point on that. I think the number you have is a little bit high. We have
been dragging a little bit on the top line this year, and that impacts that
ratio as well going forward. So some of it, as I mentioned in the previous
question, sort of managing that spend as well as other actions, That'll be part
of how we bridge from '17 to '18, so it'll be a meaningful part of the
equation. But that's the -- we're working through our planning process right
now, so I really can't be more specific at this juncture.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Chris Rigg with
Deutsche Bank.

CHRISTIAN DOUGLAS RIGG, RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Just wanted to come back to the pricing environment. The
cost trend, once again, in 2017 is going to be about 100 basis points below
where you started the year. I just wanted to get your view, is there any
building pressure or pushback in your minds coming on the pricing front? Do you
think you're pretty much in the steady-state environment?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Chris, this is Mark. I think we are in a
pretty much steady-state environment. Of course, we always price for an
expectation of an increase in the next year, and so we continue that practice
as a conservative approach. But so far, in the environment based on medical
cost, and obviously, if you all can see if by virtue of reporting of for-profit
hospitals and other health corporations that there is a definite slowdown in
trend. And I think we will continue to see sort of a moderated trend
environment and a conservative pricing environment.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: I think, Chris, the fact one of the
cleanest places to sort of see this is when we talk about Large Group and when
you HIF adjust sort of that revenue, we're right there in the mid-single digits
for revenue growth. And I think that's a very good indicator of sort of the
state of the market around this issue.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Sarah James
with Piper Jaffray.

SARAH ELIZABETH JAMES, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, PIPER
JAFFRAY COMPANIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: You've flagged an increased focus on
analytics a couple of times today, and I've noticed Aetna popping up at more
tech industry events like Strata as well as the spike in hiring for data
scientists, so clearly it's a big focus right now. Can you speak in greater
detail to what Aetna is doing on the analytics side, then just understand the
data behind what's being analyzed? Are you able to pull in data from HSA
balances from PayFlex or use any additional forces such as clinician and home
health visit notes or data from external services to understand the full
picture of the member?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: So this is Mark. A couple of things.
First, let's start with the data itself. We are pulling from multiple sources.
We are building what I would call reusable and disposable databases where we
can pull data together and do analytics. We're using tools that are a lot less
expensive than tools that were available in 5 years ago or before. So all of
that has allowed us to gear this up pretty aggressively from the standpoint of
not only the data we're collecting and aggregating, but also the people we are
employing and getting excited about this. As you know, in the data analytics
world, these techie people love to get a hard problem to solve. And so we're
really pushing after that, and that's a big part of the compensation associated
with bringing teams together. So we geared up pretty significantly in the
numbers and types of people we've hired around that. We are now using this data
analytic and these findings throughout the whole P&L, so at the revenue
line. We're now looking at on a daily basis our branding spend and how we're
approaching, particularly Medicare enrollment, and how we change the marketing
mix on a daily basis to move money to the best places to continue to drive
growth. And even in the Commercial group market, we're using it to better
understand how we can approach employers in different market segments. In the
Small Group that Karen noted earlier, we're using bswift and a lot of
interesting tools to go after groups that want a very different kind of product
on a self-funded basis. And so on the revenue line, we're using a lot of data
analytics. On the medical cost line, we're now able to detect fraud based on
looking at charts and looking at claims as they come in and looking for
keywords and patterns of behavior that may give us insights on fraud, may give
us insight on practice discontinuity. Our relationship with Meals on Wheels is
now using an app that gives -- really is crowdsourcing social (inaudible)
determinants in the home as we pilot in 2 markets getting to roll that out
nationally once we work out the bugs of meeting the demand that we find in
that. And then, of course, as we look at SG&A, this obviously give us a much
cheaper set of insights to go after both creating what I call an economic
flywheel, where we invest in the quality of the products and services to our
members. We keep them longer, that drives more revenue, and the bottom line
really is an output. The result being, now we're looking at lifetime value of
members across the spectrum and across products, across market as a way of
determining where our best opportunities are. So there's a lot going on here.
It's been a pretty big investment. It's come up pretty quickly, and I think
we're just scratching the surface.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Ralph Giacobbe with
Citigroup.

RALPH GIACOBBE, DIRECTOR, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION:
Just hoping you can reconcile the comments on the revenue headwind relative to
sort of the earnings headwind. So I certainly appreciate kicks, for instance,
losing money on the top -- losing the revenue, but that is a money-losing
business. Medicaid is obviously lower margin. Your Group Life disability has
cash proceeds coming in to kind of offset some of the earnings pressure. So I
guess any help on Small Group? Or maybe if you're willing to just give us sort
of a net result of all those headwinds to kind of earnings similar to what you
did on the revenue dollars?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So I think it's a very good point,
Ralph, because a number of these revenue headwinds really don't have the
corresponding earnings pressure that their size might make you think. As we
mentioned in the announcement, the Group Insurance revenue side, $2 billion.
What we've said is that, that will be slightly dilutive. And if you thought
about $0.10, that would be about the right number for something like that.
Obviously, the Individual Commercial exit is over $1 billion of revenue. But
when I take out the prior year items, we're still north of the $200 million
loss on that business. So that will be better. That will be a good guy. And
it's a question again of sort of managing sort of the fixed expense element
around the product exit. Medicaid, clearly that business was profitable, but
it's lower profit than average for our overall book. So there's that side of
it. So I think when you think about an adjusted base of $8.75 to grow off of, I
think we feel good about sort of the forward prospects when we think about
capital deployment, the Medicare growth that we're going after. And so I do
think there's a good dynamic here that we need to keep in mind sort of between
the top line and the bottom line at least as it is for 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Matt
Borsch with BMO Capital Markets.

MATTHEW RICHARD BORSCH, MANAGED CARE AND PROVIDERS ANALYST,
BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY RESEARCH: I'm sorry if I missing something out of
context with this. But just looking back from your 2014 Investor Day when you
talked about your targets for 2018, now I know the $80 plus billion in
operating revenue was something that we talked about previously is not
realistic given the circumstances of events since then. But I think you would
said the $10 in EPS was still something that you expected to be achievable. Now
I'm not trying to get -- trying to ask this question without getting at
guidance to just see what I might be missing in the intervening time period.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So we've had that target out there in
the past, but so let me be clear because we're close enough to 2018. I'm not
providing 2018 guidance. We're just too close to that for me to do to just
comment specifically. But what I would go back to is this adjusted baseline of
$8.75 and think about the drivers forward off of that. And again, I continue to
think about capital deployment because we will do a lot -- we've done a lot of
that this year. That will have an annualized benefit next year, plus we'll have
next year's capital deployment. So that should be a meaningful number for next
year in the overall equation. And we've talked about some of the challenges
around experience rating and the health insurer fee and things like that, but
again, we do have some good opportunities on Medicare and the exiting of the
Individual business. So from that adjusted baseline forward, I think we're
feeling pretty good right now.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Zachary
Sopcak from Morgan Stanley.

ZACHARY WILLIAM SOPCAK, VP ON THE HEALTHCARE SERVICES AND
DISTRIBUTION TEAM, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH DIVISION: I have a question on your
Medicare Stars rating. Now that you have 3 years at the top of your peer group.
Can you talk about how important that is to your strategy to growing Medicare
Advantage? And conversely, when you think about seniors, how high is the rank
on their list of importance to have those availability of 4-star plan?

KAREN S. LYNCH: It's Karen. I think we've demonstrated that
having top-of-the-game performance in Stars is really helping us generate our
overall Medicare growth. We talked a little bit about investments before. This
is an area that we're clearly investing in to continue staying at the top of
our Stars game here. I think that if you think about the seniors and how they
select, it's important to them. And I think we have demonstrated results in the
past year, showing that we're exceeding our membership -- exceeding the
membership, the market membership. And we expect to see market membership next
year as well, so it's clearly important to us.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: I would add this is something that we
have as a bottom line investment every year regardless of what other things are
in the budget. And as a result of what we think will happen in an open enrollment
this year, we will maintain a pretty level area of the percentage of members we
have in these 4-Star plus plans. Our next opportunity though is 4.5-star plans
and 5-star plans. And so part of our relationships, the Inova/Innovation Health
Plan relationship and unique products we're building there will give us an
opportunity to start to drive 5-star plan. Our relationship with Allina and a
few others are all investments we're making on those kinds of relationships
that give us a better opportunity to do 4.5- and 5-star plans.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Lance
Wilkes with Sanford Bernstein.

LANCE ARTHUR WILKES, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I've got more of a strategic question for
you. And what I was wondering is what's your current vision in strategy with
respect to the various forms of care delivery in entering those businesses? And
in particular, in sort of alternate settings for care delivery, how important
is it to own those assets as opposed to perhaps what you can do through
partnership and integration in that space?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Thanks, Lance. Mark. We do view lower
cost venues of health care delivery like in the home, like at retail in our
pharmacy relationships as opportunities for us to provide a higher-quality,
more convenient version of care at a better price point and a lower-cost
structure, particularly given that 41% of the Health Care spend now is coming
out of people's pockets on average. And so it's our view that this is the next
big arbitrage. We don't need to own it, but we need to find the right economics
to make the relationship work for both parties, the deliverer of the care as
well as for us in insuring that care. So as we move ahead, we continue to look
for things like the Meals on Wheels partnership, other relationships to do home
infusion, getting lower cost DME and closer to the home, all those sorts of
things are really big opportunities over the long run to change the sort of arc
of the curve of health care expenditures and trend.

LANCE ARTHUR WILKES: And Mark, how big of an opportunity you
see this as? What I'm thinking of is, obviously you're not going to move
surgeries into the home or something like that. But if you're talking about the
various categories of spend, do you think would be diverted from higher cost
settings, so emergency rooms or hospital imaging or things like that? Roughly
speaking, is that 5% of medical cost? Is that 25% of medical costs? Like how
big of an opportunity is this?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: I think you have to sort of widen the
lens on what you consider of being provided. So it's not about taking what's
happening in what I call the warranty card system from the home or from the
institution into the home. It's actually doing things like our Meals on Wheels
effort where we can crowdsource on social determinant that allow us to make
investments in support of socialization, access, quality of life in the home
that keeps people out of the emergency room, keeps people away from the surgery
center, results in a better longer-term quality of life and a better lifetime
value of the member by making those investments early. So I would not sort of
think of it as purely arbitrage from picking somebody out of an ER and moving
them into a minute clinic. I think you have to think about that keeping people
away from the medical industrial complex by offering better services in the
home, meeting social determinants which are a big driver of Health Care
expenditures today, much bigger than people understand. And then where we have
an opportunity to do things like DME infusion, blood draws, imaging, discharge
planning, we can do those closer to the home or in the home and at a lower cost
than we can do them today.

LANCE ARTHUR WILKES: Okay. And just one follow-up is, as
you're going through different strategic decisions right now, how do you take
into account tax reform and different things like that could be altering your
future earnings growth power? And what's your outlook for tax reform coming out
of Congress?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: I think our whole view is that the best
thing to do when you're going through hell is just to keep going. And so you
just keep plowing through it, and you let the other stuff happen the way it's
going to happen. Our strategy is not impacted by tax reform, things only get
better for us in tax Reform because we don't have the kind of tax expenditure
other kinds of businesses have. Reform on the ACA, we're out. So when that gets
right and stable, we'll look at reconsidering on how we get in. Medicaid is a
state-by-state evaluation. Medicare is a program that works very well for
seniors most importantly, but also for the people who do the right thing, which
is invest in the quality of life of the senior. So I would say all this other noise.
The best way to handle it is just keep going, focus on your strategy, deliver
on it, knowing that these exogenous might actually have some impact but know
which ones are positive and which ones could take your feet out from
underneath. Even right now, I don't see any of those taking our feet out from
underneath.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Baker from Raymond James.

MICHAEL JOHN BAKER, HEALTH CARE SERVICES ANALYST, RAYMOND
JAMES & ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Mark, I was wondering if there
would be any interest in addressing the need for skinny health plans.
Obviously, I know it's a bit of a gray area now. Are you looking for more
definitive response from the government before you get back into Individual?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: We are actually looking at reenergizing a
program we had prior to the ACA, but in a more on a focus of short-term, 1-year
kind of plan or transition plan versus just the skinny benefit, which leaves a
lot of people at some moral harm at some point. And so we have to think about
what kind of plan it would look like and offer it as a transitionary plan over
a year. And so we're already over that. As soon as the executive order came
out, we were on top of it.

MICHAEL JOHN BAKER: And would you be one of the first to
kind of offer an actuarial value to that, so at least consumers can start to
compare? And I understand that notion might be a little bit confusing, but at
least some baseline for people to begin to shop and compare a little bit better
than what they've had historically?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Yes, regulation matters on that, right?
So we have to get the executive order to regulation before we can understand
what the roles are. But we will be prepared when we have the opportunity to
act.

OPERATOR: Our final question this morning comes from the
line of Steve Willoughby with Cleveland Research.

STEPHEN BARR WILLOUGHBY, SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, CLEVELAND
RESEARCH COMPANY: Just a question regarding MA. I was wondering if you could
provide a bit more color on some of the investments you're making in MA,
specifically related to your PBM business within MA and Part D and any changes
going on with that going forward.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Well, let me talk to you about the
general investments in MA, and then we will address the PBM one. First, it's
about geographic expansion. So we have really good same-store growth, we need
more store. And so it's our intention to get into the 80% mid-80s percent
coverage over the next few years, and we're on a ramp, part of the investment,
biggest part of the -- one of the biggest parts of our investment is ramping
the ability to build out networks, and we're actually using very interesting
data analytics to figure that out as well using the Medicare database. So this
whole idea of expanding more market is going to generate future growth. Now the
other is that we got 30% of the people that retire every day, 11,000-ish that
only take -- they take Medicare Advantage 70% down. In large part, that 70% is
related to network coverage and portability. And so for 1/1/18, we will have
launched a portable Medicare Advantage product across our current network,
which is approximately 62% coverage, where we will test out some of the aspect
in certain market of having this kind of coverage and learn more so that when
we get ramped up to that 80, mid-80s percent, we'll an ability to offer a
nationally portable Medicare Advantage product. And that will go after that
70%. Star ratings getting to 4.5-star, 5-star with some of our big ACO relationships
is a big idea. And then back on the PBM side, we continue to develop a
relationship across our network. We have the ability to build our own network
where we're getting the best cost structure we can get to provide an affordable
product for seniors in the PDP and MAPD product.

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI: Thank you. A transcript of the prepared
remarks for this call will be posted shortly on the Investor Information
section of aetna.com, where you can also find a copy of our updated guidance
summary containing details of our guidance metrics, including those that were
unchanged or not discussed on this call. If you have any questions about
matters discussed this morning, please feel free to call me or one of my
colleagues in the Investor Relations office. Thank you again for joining us
this morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 103117a10851332.732










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (90%);
CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); RISK MANAGEMENT
(79%)










  AETNA INC (98%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

JEFFERIES LLC (72%);

SANFORD
C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (70%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (69%);

PIPER JAFFRAY COS (68%);

MORGAN STANLEY (56%)










 AET (NYSE) (98%); DEUT (JSE) (84%); DBK (FRA) (84%);
DBK (BIT) (84%); DBETN (JSE) (84%); DB (NYSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV)
(83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(83%); PJC (NYSE) (68%); MS (NYSE) (56%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); RISK MANAGEMENT (79%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (76%); MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (92%)










 NEW YORK, NY, USA (67%); NEW YORK, USA (50%)










 November 4, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
3, 2017 Thursday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 8296 words

Corporate Participants

* Joseph F. Krocheski

. - VP of IR

* Karen S. Lynch

. - President

* Mark T. Bertolini

. - Chairman & CEO

* Shawn M. Guertin

. - Executive VP, CFO & Chief
Enterprise Risk Officer

Conference Call Participants

* Albert J. Rice

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Equity
Research Analyst, Healthcare Facilities

* Christian Douglas Rigg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Christine Mary Arnold

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* David Howard Windley

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Gary Paul Taylor

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Analyst

* Justin Lake

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD & Senior Healthcare Services
Analyst

* Kevin Mark Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - MD in Equity
Research

* Lance Arthur Wilkes

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division - Senior
Analyst

* Matthew Borsch

BMO Capital Markets - Analyst

* Peter Heinz Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD and
Senior Analyst

* Ralph Giacobbe

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director

* Scott J. Fidel

Credit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Manny, and I will be your
conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Aetna Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe
Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Krocheski, you may begin.

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC.: Good morning, and
thank you for joining Aetna's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call and Webcast.
This is Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna. And with
me this morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark
Bertolini; and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Guertin.

Following the prepared remarks, we will answer your
questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President, will join us for the Q&A
session.

As a reminder, during this call, we will make
forward-looking statements. Risk factors that may impact those statements and
could cause actual future results to differ materially from currently projected
results are described in this morning's press release and the reports we file
with the SEC. We have also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
measures in our press release and guidance summary. These reconciliations are
available on the Investor Information section of aetna.com.

As you know, our ability to respond to certain inquiries
from investors and analysts in nonpublic forums is limited, so we invite you to
ask all questions of a material nature on this call.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark Bertolini. Mark?

MARK T. BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN & CEO, AETNA INC.: Good
morning. Thank you, Joe, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning,
Aetna reported quarterly adjusted earnings of $3.42 per share, a 55% increase
over the second quarter of 2016. This strong second quarter performance
represents a continuation of the positive results we delivered during the first
quarter. Specifically, operating results in our Government business remain
robust, with Government premiums representing more than half of the total
Health Care premiums. Medical cost trends remained moderate, and we experienced
favorable development of prior-period Health Care cost estimates across all of
our core products in the quarter. Our total health care medical benefit ratio
improved 240 basis points compared to the same period last year. We achieved an
adjusted pretax margin above the high end of our target range, and we grew
adjusted earnings by 46%. Based on our strong first half results, today, we
increased our full year 2017 adjusted EPS projection to a range of $9.45 to
$9.55 per share, up from our previous projection of $8.80 to $9. At the
midpoint, this represents 15% growth versus 2016, above our target long-term
growth range.

In a few moments, Shawn will provide a more detailed review
of our second quarter results and updated 2017 guidance. But first, I would
like to highlight the traction gained by our strategic initiatives and key
operational accomplishments in the quarter. At our May investor update meeting,
we outlined our strategy to achieve mid- to high single-digit top line growth
and low double-digit adjusted EPS growth over time. Specifically, we discussed
our opportunity to drive above-industry growth in Medicare Advantage based on
our strong star ratings and geographic expansion, the potential to participate
in the ongoing shift to managed Medicaid by targeting an active RFP pipeline
with our integrated community care model to profitably grow our Medicaid
revenue, and our ability to continue to achieve stable results in our Large
Group Commercial products while maintaining a strong adjusted pretax margin
profile and generating cash flow for reinvestment to drive future growth.
Underlying these growth objectives is the overarching mission of building a
healthier world by focusing not just on improving clinical care, but
influencing the social determinants of health. Our goal is to strengthen all aspects
of the care delivery model through analytically-driven personalization,
community-based services and aligned provider incentives. As we discussed in
our first quarter call, harnessing these opportunities and driving future
growth will require prudent investments. In the absence of major horizontal
acquisition opportunities, we look to instead build the capabilities that will
support our growth going forward. Our strong performance for the first half of
2017 has provided us the flexibility to continue to make these investments and
still deliver strong financial results. This increased investment is
incorporated in our updated 2017 projections, which Shawn will discuss in more
detail shortly.

I will now spend a few minutes discussing how we are
executing against some key operational objectives. Beginning with Medicare,
which remains a critical component of our enterprise growth trajectory. Our
Medicare business performed very well in the quarter, generating strong premium
growth and profitability metrics. Our Individual Medicare Advantage products
continue to be the primary driver of growth with 14% year-to-date membership
growth, nearly a 1/3 of which is the result of our geographic expansion in
2017. This strong growth is consistent with our targeted percentage growth of
low to mid-teens that we shared with you in May. Year-to-date, including
Medicare Supplement, we have grown to serve 130,000 additional Medicare
members, reflecting another strong annual enrollment period, complemented by
solid second quarter follow-on growth.

In June, we submitted bids to CMS that would facilitate the
expansion of Aetna's reach from 56% of the Medicare population in 2017 to
approximately 60% in 2018. As we discussed previously, our goal is to
accelerate our geographic expansion in 2019 and beyond to serve more of this
growing population.

Continuing on with our Government business. Medicaid
delivered another solid quarter, including stable revenue and underwriting
results compared to the prior year period despite the exit from Missouri during
the quarter. Aetna served approximately 2.1 million Medicaid members at the
quarter-end, a decrease of approximately 250,000 compared to the year-ago
quarter. This membership reduction resulted from the previously noted exit of
the Missouri Medicaid program and was in line with our expectations for the
period. In May, we discussed the importance of growing our Medicaid revenue as
part of our diversified growth strategy. However, we also highlighted that we
will be selective in choosing where to participate. Specifically, we would only
participate in state programs where we can achieve enough membership to support
the level of service our Medicaid members deserve and we can earn a reasonable
return for our shareholders. As a result of receiving an insufficient level of
membership to achieve a long-term viable presence in our recently launched
Nevada Medicaid contract, we gave a termination notice to the state, and our
contract will end on August 31. While disappointed in this particular outcome,
we remain confident in Aetna's ability to continue to grow in Medicaid.

Shifting to our Group Commercial business. Our Large Group
Commercial Insured products performed well in the second quarter, achieving
underwriting margins that exceeded our previous expectations as medical cost
trends for Large Group Commercial Insured products remained moderate. Our
Commercial fee-based businesses has also performed well during the quarter,
continuing the momentum from the first quarter. While our Government-sponsored
programs have become a more meaningful driver of our overall portfolio, our
Large Group Commercial products continue to deliver steady growth, adjusted
pretax margins and cash flow, and we remain confident in the sustainability of
these results. Lastly, we made good progress in the quarter towards our
long-term vision of positioning Aetna as the health partner of choice for
people looking to achieve their personal health ambitions. During the quarter,
we advanced the development of our machine learning and analytics engine. We
rolled out our new brand campaign, highlighting our consumer-centric focus. We
made additional advancements in our consumer-facing tools to provide an even
more engaging consumer experience. We furthered our provider engagement
strategy by signing a joint venture with Sutter Health, marking the fourth JV
in the past 15 months, and our bswift platform signed its largest plan sponsor
to date, serving as a proof point of the strong capabilities of our platform
and the ability to move upstream and serve the needs of larger plans. It has
been a very productive quarter on many fronts. The entire Aetna organization is
energized by our mission to help our members achieve their health ambitions and
the strong financial performance their hard work has delivered year-to-date.

In summary, we are very pleased with our strong first half
results. I want to thank all of our employees for their efforts in serving our
members and delivering another strong quarter for Aetna and our shareholders.
With positive momentum from the first half of 2017, I am confident we have the
right vision to lead in a changing health care marketplace, that the
investments we are making will position Aetna to succeed as the health partner
of choice for the people we serve, and we can achieve our updated 2017 adjusted
EPS projection of $9.45 to $9.55 and drive long-term, sustainable growth.

I will now turn the call over to Shawn, who will provide
additional insight into our second quarter results and our updated 2017 outlook.
Shawn?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN, EXECUTIVE VP, CFO & CHIEF ENTERPRISE
RISK OFFICER, AETNA INC.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Earlier
today, we reported second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $1.1 billion and
adjusted earnings per share of $3.42, year-over-year growth of 46% and 55%,
respectively. Our second quarter results reflect strong core business
fundamentals, driven by disciplined pricing, moderate medical cost trend and
capital deployment.

I'll begin with some comments on overall performance. Our
medical membership of 22.1 million is roughly in line with our expectations for
the period. Adjusted revenue was $15.5 billion, a year-over-year decrease,
driven by lower membership in our ACA-compliant Individual and Small Group
products and the 2017 suspension of the health insurer fee. These dynamics were
partially offset by higher premium yields in our Commercial and Government
businesses and membership growth in our Medicare products. From an adjusted
pretax margin perspective, our businesses are performing exceptionally well.
Our adjusted pretax margin was 11.7%, a very strong result and above the high
end of our target range. Our second quarter total health medical benefit ratio
was 80%, an improvement of 240 basis points compared to the same period last
year. Our second quarter results benefited from continued moderate medical cost
trends, favorable prior-period reserve development and our updated estimate of
ACA-related risk adjustment payables for 2016.

Our adjusted expense ratio was 16.5%, a 60 basis point
improvement over the second quarter of 2016, driven primarily by the suspension
of the health insurer fee in 2017 and execution of our expense management
initiatives, partially offset by targeted investment spending on growth initiatives.
From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the adequacy of our
reserves. We experienced favorable prior-period reserve development in the
quarter across all of our core products, primarily attributable to first
quarter 2017 dates of service. And our days claims payable were 54 days at the
end of the quarter, a sequential increase of approximately 1 day.

Turning to cash flow and capital. Our year-to-date Health
Care and Group Insurance cash flows were approximately 1.1x net earnings. During
the quarter, we distributed $166 million through our quarterly shareholder
dividend. Year-to-date, we have returned a total of approximately $3.6 billion
to shareholders through share repurchases and our quarterly shareholder
dividend. In short, we are pleased with our second quarter results and the
continued successful execution of our strategy to become a more
consumer-focused company.

I will now discuss the key drivers of our second quarter
results in greater detail. Beginning with our Government business. We delivered
another solid quarter, continuing our positive momentum from the first quarter
of 2017. From a membership perspective, we grew by 23,000 Medicare members in
the quarter, including growth of 10,000 in Individual Medicare Advantage. Medicaid
membership declined by approximately 250,000 members in the quarter related to
our exit of the Missouri Medicaid contract. This membership decline was in line
with our previous projection for the period. We grew our second quarter 2017
Government premiums, which represent over half of our total Health Care
premiums, to $7 billion, an increase of nearly 6% compared to the prior year
period. Medicare premiums grew 8% in the quarter, driven by growth in
Individual MA premiums of nearly 15%. Medicaid premiums were stable
year-over-year despite the exit of our Missouri Medicaid contract during the
quarter. Our Government medical benefit ratio was 81.3%, a continuation of the
strong results we achieved in this business during the first quarter, as strong
underwriting results largely offset the impact of the 2017 suspension of the
health insurer fee.

Shifting to our Commercial business, which also had a very
strong second quarter from an operating margin perspective. Insured Commercial
membership in the quarter was most influenced by our continued repositioning in
Small Group ACA-related products, which drove reduced Small Group insured
membership. From a year-over-year perspective, total Commercial premiums were
lower, largely the result of our reduced ACA-compliant Individual and Small
Group exposure and the suspension of the health insurer fee, partially offset
by higher premium yields. However, our Large Group Commercial premiums were
modestly higher as compared to the second quarter of 2016 despite the impact of
the suspension of the health insurer fee. Our Commercial medical benefit ratio
was 78.6% for the quarter, a very good result, and a 480 basis point
improvement over the second quarter of 2016 despite the negative influence of
the suspension of the health insurer fee. To better understand the
year-over-year comparison, let me discuss the drivers of our underwriting
results by major market segment.

Looking more specifically at our Large Group Commercial
products. Continuing the momentum from the first quarter, we delivered another
strong quarter of underwriting results. Our second quarter results reflect
continued pricing discipline and moderate medical cost trends. Based on our
first half 2017 results, we now project that our 2017 non-ACA core commercial
medical cost trends will be approximately 6%, which is an improvement over our
previous projection of 6% to 7%. We also had a strong quarter of underwriting
results in our Small Group Commercial products, as we continue to have success
in repositioning these products to improve their profitability. Our second
quarter Small Group Commercial results were also influenced by our updated
estimate of ACA-related risk adjustment payables for 2016 based on CMS data
received in the quarter.

Moving to our Individual Commercial products. Our second
quarter results were impacted by our updated estimate of risk-adjustment
payables and reinsurance associated with ACA-related Individual Commercial
products based on CMS data received in the quarter. Specifically, we now project
a payable of $375 million for 2016 associated with our Individual Commercial
products, lower than our previous estimates, but still a significant payable.
In total, our updated estimate of 2016 ACA-related risk adjustment payables and
reinsurance for both our Individual and Small Group Commercial products reduced
our second quarter total Commercial medical benefit ratio by approximately 310
basis points.

Shifting to our fee-based Group Commercial business. We grew
Commercial ASC membership by 24,000 members in the second quarter. We now serve
nearly 430,000 additional Commercial ASC members as compared to the same period
last year. From a profitability perspective, our Group Commercial fee-based
business had another solid quarter, exceeding our previous expectations.

Moving on to the balance sheet. Our financial position,
capital structure and liquidity all continue to be very strong. At June 30, we
had a debt-to-total capitalization ratio of approximately 37.3%.

Looking at cash and investments at the parent. We started
the quarter with approximately $100 million. Net subsidiary dividends to the
parent were $607 million. We repaid $250 million in debt in the quarter. We
paid a shareholder dividend of $166 million. And after other sources and uses,
we ended the quarter with approximately $200 million of cash at the parent. Our
basic share count was approximately 332.1 million at June 30.

As a result of our first half 2017 performance, we are
increasing our 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $9.45 to
$9.55 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a $0.60 increase
relative to our previous projection of $8.80 to $9. Our increased adjusted EPS
outlook reflects our favorable second quarter results, including the effect of
core business outperformance, favorable prior year's reserve development and
the other items related to 2016 dates of service discussed today. Also
incorporated in our increased outlook is continued investment spending to
accelerate a number of our growth initiatives. Specifically, we now plan to
make additional investments in 2017 to position Aetna for faster Medicare
geographic expansion in 2019 as well as solidifying our Medicare Advantage
administrative infrastructure to support our expected future growth. Included
in our updated projections are also additional investments related to our brand
campaign and targeted technology-related investments. Certain risks remain that
temper our outlook for the remainder of the year, including the ever-present
concern that medical cost trends could increase more than we have projected and
the potential for higher utilization in our Individual Commercial products
during the second half of 2017 due to our product exit strategy or other
factors. Our updated 2017 projections are influenced by the following
additional drivers. We expect our full year 2017 adjusted revenue to be
approximately $61 billion, consistent with our previous projection. We now
project that our full year total Health Care medical benefit ratio will be in
the range of 82.5% to 83%. This improved outlook is driven by continued
moderate medical costs in our latest estimates of 2016 ACA-related risk
adjustment and reinsurance programs. We now project that our adjusted expense
ratio will be within a range of 17.3% to 17.5% for the full year. This increase
is driven primarily by accelerated investments in targeted growth initiatives
discussed on today's call. We now project our adjusted pretax margin to be
approximately 8.5%, consistent with our high single-digit target. Based on our
year-to-date results, we now project our full year tax rate to be approximately
35%. We now project adjusted earnings will be nearly $3.2 billion and full year
excess cash available at the parent to be at least $4 billion. Finally, we expect
our 2017 weighted average share count to be in the range of 334 million to 335
million shares, consistent with our previous projections.

In closing, we are encouraged by the strength of our first
half performance and our improved 2017 outlook. These strong results support
our confidence in Aetna's long-term trajectory and growth prospects.

I will now turn the call back over to Joe. Joe?

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna management
team is now ready for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one
question so that as many individuals as possible have an opportunity to ask
their questions. (Operator Instructions) Operator, the first question, please?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: The first question is from A.J. Rice of UBS.

ALBERT J. RICE, MD AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, HEALTHCARE
FACILITIES, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe just to focus on the
Medicare Advantage. I wonder -- you had a couple of buckets. You've got the
underlying growth in the Individual market. You've got your favorable star
ratings, and that this year is allowing you to grow faster than that underlying
growth rate. We can decide whether that happens next year or not. But you've
got 2 other buckets that you guys have highlighted: the Group MA business,
where a lot of those contracts are very close to being done, I would think, at
this point, for January 1 starts; and then you've got your geographic
expansion. Is there any way of setting aside the underlying Individual market
growth and share relative to that, that we can triangulate a little bit what
the geographic expansion and the Group MA might mean for your growth outlook in
MA next year?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: A couple of things, A.J. First, on the
new market growth we have in this last year saw 1/3 of our overall growth come
from new markets. So that's one way to think about it. And we are expanding
from 56% to about 60% as we finalize our participation for 2018 with CMS. The
second part on the Group is the pipeline is still robust, and the pipeline isn't
just big jumbo accounts. So there are more accounts to come. And maybe, Karen,
you could comment on that.

KAREN S. LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC.: And so A.J., we're
very pleased with some very early wins that we've had on Group Medicare
Advantage. We've had one large win that we spoke of, and then we've had a
number of smaller wins to date. We're actually seeing the result of our strong
value proposition in Group Medicare. We've seen the stars performance having a
strong benefit. We've seen activity relative to our care management and quality
outcomes as a key competitive advantage for us. And also, kind of what we're
also seeing is our demonstrated track record of implementations. And also, we
delivered a proprietary retiree exchange. So all that combined has benefited us
from a strong Group MA. So we're looking forward to seeing positive results in
Group MA next year.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Kevin Fischbeck of Bank
of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN MARK FISCHBECK, MD IN EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just wanted to ask a little bit about the guidance.
You guys obviously beat by a lot more than what you're raising the guidance
for. I understand the investments that you're talking about, but I want to get
a little bit more color. When you think about making these investments, what
kind of return could we potentially see, I guess, in 2019 on MA? And then as
far as the 2 risks you highlighted, as far as trend rising or how utilization
on the exchange is, are these new risks? Or are there elevated potential that
these risks play out? Or are these just kind of boiler plate? I just wasn't
sure if you were seeing something to say, "This is a risk I need to
highlight today," or whether it's just normal kind of conservatism.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. In terms of the investments and the
guidance, as you mentioned, what we're doing is putting in a lot -- putting in
place a lot of the things that we would need to drive the geographic expansion
in '19 and a number of other things around improving the overall member
experience. And so I think these are the kinds of investments that we're going
to need to make to be able to deliver on our mid-double-digit Medicare growth.
And so I would expect that is what we're positioning for, for both '18 and '19.
I'll let Mark talk a little bit about the risks, but I would tell you they're
certainly not new risks in concept. But certainly, on the Individual market,
there continues to be a lot going on.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: One more comment on the Medicare Advantage
investments. Karen mentioned bswift, which is our new platform. We launched
that in 1/1/17 for the Group business. We're launching it in 1/1/18 for
Group-to-Individual conversion. And that engine is a really powerful tool for
working in the Medicare Advantage market. So our investments are aimed at
staying ahead of the competition and offering more capability, and '18 will
also offer a portable product across our current network as we get ready to
understand how much of that we can do when we get to more markets by 2020. On
the fourth quarter, I would say the largest issue here is uncertainty, and
uncertainty on 2 sides. The plans, as you well know, we're trying to figure out
whether or not the CSR is going to be covered, and whether or not the legislature
will step up to their responsibilities to the American people. I think on the
other side, you have individuals who are sitting there with coverage, not
knowing whether they'll have it next year. And for those individuals, a run on
the bank is more likely the longer the uncertainty continues into the fourth
quarter. And I think that is a dangerous precedent that we need to pay
attention to.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. And I just would add, just Kevin, I
mean, we were a little bit worried about this at the end of last year. We made
provision for it. And indeed, we did see an uptick. And so to Mark's point,
there's certainly in some ways even heightened characteristics that exist in
the market today that could drive that.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Justin Lake of Wolfe
Research.

JUSTIN LAKE, MD & SENIOR HEALTHCARE SERVICES ANALYST,
WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Given the strength of the business, specifically on the
margins, Shawn, I know you've historically said this business is
experience-rated. And I'm trying to think about how much of the upside from
2017 you retained versus price-back. So maybe you could talk a little bit about
the jump-off point for '17 that we should be thinking about for earnings growth
into '18. And then, also, just any moving parts that you think are worth
spiking out, like the return of the health insurer fee, for instance, and how
we should think about that.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So let me sort of frame potentially a
jump-off. If you thought about where our guidance is now at around the $9.50
and you think about how we position this, clearly, we had about $0.45 of a good
guy that goes back to 2016 related to these ACA updates. We're north of $0.50
probably on PYD, and you know our convention is to start without that. So those
would be the 2 big reset items. Clearly, as we look forward, there will be
opportunity to continue to improve the results as a result of reducing our
losses on Individual that we've talked about. But I do think you did hit on a
good point. When you have underwriting results that are this good, certainly,
in our Group MA business and in our Large Group Commercial business, there will
be experience-rating pressure as part of that. It's a little too soon for me to
make a call on how much, but clearly, that will be one of the pressure points
that offset some of those things. The health insurer fee, I'm also glad you
raised that because we, in essence, are reliving 2014 by reintroducing the
health insurer fee back into pricing. And again, while it's our intention to recover
100% of that, that is a lot of expense that we have to sort of push into the
pricing equation. And I do think it is one of the risk factors for 2018 as
well.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Dave Windley of
Jefferies.

DAVID HOWARD WINDLEY, EQUITY ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: A follow-up on that last one. When you talk about kind of
pushing the price -- or pushing the HIF back into pricing, it sounds like,
Shawn, you were inferring that you might not get all of that in, in ,say, the non-Medicare
book of business when you try to price that through. I'd love for you to expand
on that, if you would. And then if you could also, as it relates to your
strategy in 2017 of kind of embedding the HIF or deploying the HIF into
Medicare benefits, is it possible to size how much of that you need to then
protect, for lack of a better word, for margin in 2018?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So I want to be clear, it is always
our intention to fully recover the health insurer fee. We largely did that in
2014. But it is a significant pricing item that adds to the cost of our
products, and that just does inherently give you a little less pricing
flexibility when you go into renewing this. So if you hearken back to 2014,
that was a year where I think Commercial, we got it -- we largely got it in,
but it took a lot of work to do that. And that's what our positioning is for
2018. In terms of benefit design, you're right. Given where we were from a
margin perspective, we, in essence, used the HIF suspension to generally enrich
benefits in Medicare. As we look to 2018, I would not assume that all those are
going to reverse. We go through the process every year of thinking about all
the different levers that we have at our disposal to maintain the most
attractive product offering we have that's consistent with our margin targets.
And so we've largely done that again this year and feel good about the product
that we're going to put on the street for 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Ralph Giacobbe of
Citigroup.

RALPH GIACOBBE, DIRECTOR, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION:
I just wanted to go back to the investment, and particularly in MA and
geographic expansion. You've talked about 56% going to 60% in 2018, and I think
the longer-term goal was closer to 75%. So just hoping you could sort of help
us frame what the opportunity is in terms of that penetration number for 2019
given these investments.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: So 2 aspects, Ralph. One is we expect to
get into the 80s by 2020 with our market expansion. That is a footprint that,
when we look at the diminishing marginal returns of adding more markets and
being able to support those markets, starts to fray at the edges. So we see
something in the low 80s as the kind of market penetration we'd like to have.
With that then, we get the national portability opportunity, which we will test
with our portable product again this year or in 1/1/18 as we start off. And
again, this goes all after that 70% of the Medicare population, retired
population that does not select Medicare Advantage every year as a way to
further penetrate that book and to get people interested in what we have to
offer in that product.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: And Ralph, this is a multistep process.
But 2 of the bigger steps, obviously, are the work that we have to do to put
together a high-quality provider network, but we also need to work through CMS
to get all of that approved and on a timely basis. So it is a process that
needs a fair amount of lead time to execute on.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Gary Taylor of JPMorgan
Chase.

GARY PAUL TAYLOR, ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I was wondering if you could run through June enrollment
numbers for Individual and Small Group, both compliant and noncompliant core
numbers there. And then on the Small Group side, it's been a while since we've
talked about compliant, noncompliant margins and just wanted an update there.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: On Individual, we ended the quarter with
about 240,000 members. That's about 180,000 that are on exchange and about
60,000 that are off-exchange. All of those members in essence are
ACA-compliant. I can try to dig up the Small Group membership here. I don't
have it right off the top of my head.

KAREN S. LYNCH: So I do, Shawn. At the end of the -- Small
Group membership at the end of the quarter, just to give you a sense, in our 2
to 50, it's about a little over 600,000. In our ACA and pre-ACA business, it's
about roughly about the same. And then our 51 to 100, it's about 300,000.

GARY PAUL TAYLOR: Okay. And anything notable on Small Group
margins and just how -- I know the White House pushed off again until 2019 when
noncompliant business has to move. Anything notable in terms of margins or just
what Small Group employers are doing? Are they just sitting and waiting at this
point? Attrition has slowed?

KAREN S. LYNCH: Relative to Small Group, the way I would
think about the Small Group employers, we have had a strategy relative to
addressing the complexities of the Small Group market. And I think you know
we've been really pushing at a self-insured AFA product, which we have seen
very good success in the quarter. We probably have the most unique product out
there in the Small Group market, where we took bswift, we have simplified
products. And from an employer and their employees' perspective, they have a
seamless, paperless process in which to enroll in. So as you think about it,
that gives the Small Group employers simplified products as well as some
financial stability for us. And it addresses, what I would say, the kind of
volatility in the ACA. I would tell you that we continue to reduce our overall
exposure in the ACA Small Group. So you'll see continued reduction in our ACA
Small Group book.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: And Gary, so I would add that this, the
improvement in the overall Small Group margins is one of the elements that has
contributed to year-over-year performance as a result of some of the product
repositioning that Karen's talking about.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Lance Wilkes of Sanford
Bernstein.

LANCE ARTHUR WILKES, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN
& CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just wanted to talk a little bit about
Medicaid and ask how we should think about confidence in future growth there,
what the pipeline is looking like and, in particular, the types of products
that are in that pipeline, and then also where Medicaid might rank among your
M&A priorities.

KAREN S. LYNCH: So relative to Medicaid, I would say we see
a very robust pipeline. We're actually monitoring over 20 -- RFPs in over 20
states. And if you think about those RFPs, over half of those would represent
new footprint expansion opportunities for us, and the remainder would be
expansion of programs with current states as well to rebid opportunities. What
you're seeing for potential rebids, potential opportunities like North
Carolina, which is a brand-new managed Medicaid state, so that would present a
new opportunity for us. And there are a number of other kinds of products like
that. We are seeing an increase in LTSS capabilities as well. So we've been
talking to the states. As you know, this is their #1 challenge and issue and
reducing their overall costs in Medicaid. And I think what we are seeing with
our conversations is that our value proposition, our unique care model is resonating
quite well with them.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: And from an M&A perspective, Lance, we
always look across the entire field. We said in the past that horizontal
M&A will probably be much more challenging right now. And Medicaid, in
particular, I think presents some unique challenges. I think from a capability
standpoint, once we have these contracts, especially around care management, we
have outstanding capabilities. So a lot of this has to do with, are you just
buying a portfolio of contracts? Or are you buying a capability? Or are you
more likely to win that next RFP by doing M&A? So we always remain
open-minded. We look at everything, but I do think there are some unique
challenges in the Medicaid space.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Christine Arnold with
Cowen.

CHRISTINE MARY ARNOLD, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: You highlighted some of the issues with
the HIF and other things in 2018. Could you please kind of highlight the pluses
and minuses in addition to the HIF that you're seeing next year and the
ever-present opportunity for costs to accelerate? And trends seem to be really
moderate this quarter. Where were they particularly muted?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: So yes, trend has remained very stable. In
particular, where I would say that we've seen outperformance versus our
expectation has actually been in non-specialty pharma. It's really somewhat
across the board, but higher generic utilization. Some of that is things we've
done with some of our product design at the small end of the market, but some
of it also appears to be the market based. So I would say the only one where I
would say fundamentally that's looked different has been pharmacy. Obviously,
the improvements that we're seeing against expectations at this point in the
year are generally utilization-driven. So after we look at things like
outpatient, it's probably a little bit lower in the range that we've previously
talked about, but still in the range. So -- but non-specialty pharma. I would
contrast that. By no means should anybody think that specialty pharma is still
not a major trend issue because, indeed, it does continue to be one. I want to
be clear that we don't have any intention of providing 2018 guidance today. But
as I mentioned, we talked about some of the 2016 updates and prior year
development. The experience rating and the health insurer fee are some of the
challenges. Clearly, the opportunities are generally around reducing the
Individual loss. Medicare growth, we talked about, and things like that. So I
think we've canned this, sort of the big moving pieces at this point. But
again, as we get closer to 2018 and we finalize our operating plan, we'll be in
a position to provide actual guidance.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: And we have accelerated investments. We
expect that we should get some earlier returns than otherwise anticipated.

CHRISTINE MARY ARNOLD: Okay. And then what are you expecting
for Individual losses? And how much could they go down?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Well, if I exclude the prior year
true-ups, we would still probably be -- not probably, we still are projecting
north of $200 million, probably closer to $250 million of pretax loss this
year. This is basically in the same neighborhood that we were at the end of Q1.
And so our goal is always to make all of that go away. But as we've talked
about, with various elements of fixed expense, it takes a degree of work to
make that happen. And those are the kinds of things that we're working in
earnest on right now to try to deliver that.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Matthew Borsch of BMO
Capital Markets.

MATTHEW BORSCH, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS: Yes. Maybe I
could ask on 2018, not guidance, but if you can just talk on, one, is the
pricing that you're doing on the fully insured side, is that lower if you
exclude the health insurer fee, at least just relative to 2017? And then maybe,
also, if you could just address -- I know you talked about the group MA
business, but what about National Accounts, and how you're doing, number one?
And number two, what sort of differences versus prior years they're looking for
in benefit changes?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Let's do the second one first. I'll let
Karen talk about it again. I want to make sure, Matt, and for everybody else, a
lot of times we talk about National Accounts as a proxy for Large Group ASC.
And there's obviously some other major market segments that are in there that
Karen will talk about.

KAREN S. LYNCH: So Matthew, so a couple of things on
National Accounts. We're still in the season. Even last week, we were still
competing for business and doing finalist presentations. So it's a little bit
later cycle this year. But just to give you insight into -- obviously, the
customers are continuing to look for improvement in their overall productivity
of their workforce, lower costs. We're seeing benefit buy-downs, those kinds of
things, in the fully insured market and the higher end of middle market.
Relative to what we've seen in our national book, we -- unfortunately, we're at
the other end of M&A activity. So we did lose some accounts due to M&A.
Although I would tell you, on the sales side, as we've been investing in kind
of our overall value proposition, we have more new sales logos in our National
Accounts this year than we did last year. But we did see some movement of one
of our large accounts to a private exchange. I would tell you, at the -- beyond
National Accounts, I think we have to look at our Large Group business. We are
seeing very good performance in our public and labor vertical segment. We have
seen strong performance this year. We expect to see strong performance in that
segment next year as well, and I think that will carry us forward. And if you
also think about kind of ASC membership, we are seeing a very strong reception
to our Small Group ASC business. So overall, we're looking positive on ASC
membership at this point. But having said that, we're still in the midst of the
selling season. And I'll have a better view for you in the third quarter of
this year.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: On your first one, Matt, I'm not sure if
I'm going to answer your question correctly because I may not understand it.
But in our forward pricing, we are maintaining the same discipline that we
always have. We will forward price assuming that trend goes up, as we have done
the last few years. We will forward price trying to maintain margin and get
growth on the top line. It's just a -- it's a natural outgrowth of the
experience rating process, so that when you outperform, you can't always retain
all of that margin. And I expect we'll have some of that pressure in Large
Group. It's a little bit too early again to sort of make a call on where that's
going, but I would say that our forward pricing posture has not changed.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Scott Fidel of Credit
Suisse.

SCOTT J. FIDEL, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE
AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just had a question. If you can give us an update on
how the Group Insurance underwriting trends performed in the quarter, and how
you're thinking about updated earnings for that segment for the year relative
to your prior view.

KAREN S. LYNCH: So relative to the Group Insurance trends,
we're in line with our overall expectations. Relative to long-term disability,
we have seen lower terminations, lower reopens. Although I would tell you, our
life business has been volatile and remains volatile. I would say that what
we've said last quarter, and guiding you down on a year-over-year basis as a
result of the large loss in one customer is still in line. So we expect those
results to be in line with what we've already previously told you.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Peter Costa of Wells
Fargo.

PETER HEINZ COSTA, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just looking at your -- the $0.45 or 310
basis points of improvement that you've got, the good guy for 2016,
theoretically, that should've informed how you're reserving for '17 on those
books of business as well, yet you're still talking about losing a similar
amount of money in the Individual business. So does that mean that the
Individual business has otherwise deteriorated during the quarter? And then
second to that question, how much of that $0.45 would you say is attributable
to the Small Group business, which is sort of an ongoing business, as opposed
to the Individual ACA business, which you're getting out of?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So maybe I'll do the second one
first. That's probably about $0.12, plus or minus, attributable. That is the
Small Group. It's in the neighborhood of $65 million pretax or thereabouts.
Your point on '16 to '17 is correct sort of in a literal sense in that it
informed us. But really, the change in population is so dramatic from '16 to
'17. You really can't simply extrapolate that. And so it is -- we do have a bit
different outlook where every year before this, we've been in a significant
payable position. Our current forecasts say we probably won't be in that big a
payable position. And that's consistent with our outlook. So I would say, on the
margin, it got better, but we're more or less in the same spot when you look at
all of the moving pieces. But again, the big thing here is you can't to really
go from a 1 million member book to a 240,000 member book that's concentrated
differently and just extrapolate that.

PETER HEINZ COSTA: Got it. And if I could follow up with
just one question on the PBM. Any changes to your Medicare PBM narrow network
for next year?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: No.

KAREN S. LYNCH: No.

OPERATOR: And our final question comes from Chris Rigg of
Scotiabank (sic) [Deutsche Bank].

CHRISTIAN DOUGLAS RIGG, RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Deutsche Bank. But nonetheless, I was hoping to just ask one
big-picture question on Medicare Advantage. Obviously, Aetna's growth
aspirations there are not dissimilar to many others in the industry. Do you at
all see any reason for concern about industry-wide margins? Or do you think
most participants will remain rational in their margin expectations over the
next year or so?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Thanks, Chris. We have 11,000 people
retiring every day. That's 4 million people a year. We're only getting 30% of
them for Medicare Advantage. So that leaves another 2.8 million people of
opportunity that the industry hasn't figured out how to crack. And I think that
level of focus, a focus on getting into the home, improving the quality of care
and life for the individuals through social determinants will generate more
than enough business for the industry to have an opportunity to make this work.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: And I -- often, when this question is
posed, it's posed as if this is some new phenomenon. And I think the
competition for growth in this space has been certainly present for a number of
years. And I would say I have not certainly witnessed anything that makes me
think that people are doing anything irresponsible from a margin perspective.
On the contrary. So I'm -- I do think that we can achieve this growth profile
and maintain our margins.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: I mean, the great thing about the product
is everybody has to buy it in one way, shape or form from the standpoint of a
retiree. So I think that sets a market that continues to grow and provides a
lot of opportunity.

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI: Thank you, Chris. A transcript of the prepared
remarks for this call will be posted shortly on the Investor Information
section of aetna.com, where you can also find a copy of our updated guidance
summary containing details of our guidance metrics, including those that were
unchanged or not discussed on this call. If you have any questions about
matters discussed this morning, please feel free to call me or my colleagues in
the Investor Relations office. Thank you for joining us this morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding
a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080317a10716135.735










 EXECUTIVES (92%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); RISK MANAGEMENT (79%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (78%);
INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (70%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (65%)










  AETNA INC (97%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

UBS
INVESTMENT BANK (72%);

COWEN GROUP
INC (72%);

JEFFERIES LLC
(71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO
LLP (69%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG
(55%)










 AET (NYSE) (97%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710
(TSE) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA)
(83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(72%); CSGN (SWX) (55%); CS (NYSE) (55%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); RISK MANAGEMENT (79%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (78%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (77%); BANKING & FINANCE (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (76%);
MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (94%)










 August 16, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
2, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 7825 words

Corporate Participants

* Joseph F. Krocheski

. - VP of IR

* Karen S. Lynch

. - President

* Mark T. Bertolini

. - Chairman and CEO

* Shawn M. Guertin

. - CFO, Chief Enterprise Risk
Officer and EVP

Conference Call Participants

* Albert J. Rice

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD and Equity
Research Analyst, Healthcare Facilities

* Christian Douglas Rigg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Christine Mary Arnold

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Gary Paul Taylor

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Analyst

* Joshua Richard Raskin

Barclays PLC, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Justin Lake

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Healthcare Services
Analyst

* Kevin Mark Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - MD in Equity
Research

* Michael Anthony Newshel

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Associate

* Peter Heinz Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - MD and
Senior Analyst

* Scott J. Fidel

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Thomas A. Carroll

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Robyn. I'll be your
conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Aetna First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions)
As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Joe
Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Krocheski, you may begin.

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC.: Good morning, and
thank you for joining Aetna's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call and Webcast.
This is Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna. And with
me this morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark
Bertolini; and Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Guertin. Following the prepared
remarks, we will answer your questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President, will
join us for the Q&A session.

As a reminder, during this call, we will make
forward-looking statements. Risk factors that may impact those statements and
could cause actual future results to differ materially from currently projected
results are described in this morning's press release and the reports we file with
the SEC. We have also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures in
our press release and guidance summary. These reconciliations are available on
the Investor Information section of aetna.com.

Please note 2 changes to our disclosures this quarter.
First, we have changed the naming convention of our non-GAAP measures from
operating to adjusted. We did not change the underlying calculations of the
consolidated metrics, just the labels. Second, effective March 31, our business
segment results are reported on a pretax basis as income taxes are no longer
allocated to our business segments.

We would also like to highlight Aetna's investor update
meeting, which will be held in New York City on Friday, May 12. While space for
in-person attendance is limited, a live webcast will be available.

Finally, as you know, our ability to respond to certain
inquiries from investors and analysts in nonpublic forums is limited, so we
invite you to ask all questions of a material nature on this call.

With that, I will turn the call over to Mark Bertolini.
Mark?

MARK T. BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AETNA INC.: Good
morning. Thank you, Joe, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning,
Aetna reported first quarter adjusted earnings of $2.71 per share, representing
year-over-year growth of 17% and a strong start to the year. Underlying our
first quarter performance, we exceeded our previous membership projections,
ending the quarter with approximately 22.4 million medical members. We reported
adjusted revenue of $15.5 billion, led by strong year-over-year growth in
Government premiums, which now represent over half of total health premiums.
Medical cost trends remain moderate, and we experienced favorable prior year's
reserve development across all of our core products in the quarter. We achieved
an adjusted pretax margin above the high end of our target range. We delivered
strong performance in our core businesses, allowing us to absorb continued
pressure in our Individual Commercial products, which included establishing a
$110 million PDR. And we generated approximately $980 million in Health Care
and Group Insurance cash flow during the quarter.

Based on our strong start to 2017, today, we have updated
our full year 2017 guidance. We established a year-end medical membership
projection of approximately 22.2 million members. We now project we will
generate approximately $61 billion of adjusted revenue compared to our previous
projection of approximately $60 billion to $61 billion. And we increased our
adjusted EPS projection to a range of $8.80 to $9 per share, up from our
previous projection of at least $8.55.

In a few moments, Shawn will provide a more detailed review
of our first quarter results and updated 2017 guidance, but first, I would like
to reemphasize Aetna's mission and strategy as well as highlight some of our
operational accomplishments in the quarter. A number of years ago, we defined
Aetna's mission as building a healthier world. With that clear mission in mind,
we set Aetna on a strategic course to position the company to be the health
partner of choice for the people we serve. While some aspects of how we achieve
the strategic objective have evolved, the primary tenets have remained
constant: help transform the health delivery model to one that is focused on
value and improved outcomes and deliver a more consumer-oriented experience for
our members to enable them to achieve their personal health ambitions.

We made significant progress on these fronts in 2016 and
have carried that momentum into 2017. During the quarter, we continued to
develop new value-based care collaborations across a wide spectrum of models as
we continue to meet providers where they are. We also made additional strides
in bringing our 2016 joint ventures online. Our more mature VBC models continue
to demonstrate reductions in medical costs relative to the marketplace while
improving outcomes across a number of metrics, including decreasing avoidable
surgical admissions, increasing generic prescribing and improving the
monitoring of patients' medication therapies after a heart attack. We also made
new strides in our consumer efforts in the quarter. Specifically, we rolled out
our bswift platform in a number of new geographies, we advanced our analytical
capabilities and predictive modeling tools and we continued to evolve our care
models to help drive health care delivery deeper into local communities and
closer to home. The favorable impact of these efforts is evidenced across
several objective measures, including industry-leading Medicare star ratings;
strong quality scores across a number of measures in Medicaid, including NCQA
quality measures; and above industry average growth rate in Individual Medicare
Advantage and strong adjusted pretax margins that have consistently been in our
target range of high single digits.

We are pleased with our continued progress towards achieving
our strategic goals and company mission. I am confident that our recent
progress and continued investment will position Aetna to be the health partner
of choice for people to achieve their personal health ambitions.

Moving on to operational highlights. Let me begin with our
Government business, which continues to be the predominant driver of our growth
story. We had another strong quarter in our Medicare business, with membership
growth driven by Individual Medicare Advantage products. Our industry-leading
star ratings and positive brand recognition continue to resonate with Medicare
consumers as evidenced by our nearly 13% sequential individual MA membership
growth, which once again exceeded overall Medicare program growth. In total,
including Medicare Supplement, we have grown to serve 107,000 additional
Medicare members in the first quarter, capping another strong annual election
period for the company. While Group Medicare Advantage membership was down
modestly in the quarter, we are very confident in our ability to grow in group
MA next year based on early 2018 pipeline conversions.

Continuing on with our Government business. Medicaid
delivered another quarter of solid revenue growth and underwriting margin
performance. Aetna served nearly 2.4 million Medicaid numbers at the
quarter-end, an increase of approximately 62,000 from the same time a year ago.
As a result of our focus on improved member outcomes, we are confident that
Aetna is well positioned to take advantage of the strong growth dynamics in
Medicaid as states continue to look to the private sector to manage the health
of their Medicaid beneficiaries.

Aetna's strong positioning and the demographics supporting
Government revenue growth makes it one of the most compelling opportunities for
the foreseeable future. With that as a backdrop, we have incorporated into our
updated 2017 projections an increase in targeted investment spending to drive
increased government-sponsored growth. A portion of these investments reflect
known 2018 group MA wins to date with additional investments to drive increased
Medicare membership growth in 2018 and beyond, including the continued
expansion of our geographic footprint.

In Medicaid, we see opportunities to continue to drive
growth based on a strong RFP pipeline. Moving forward, we will continue to look
for additional opportunities to make further investments that will prudently
accelerate our growth in Medicare and Medicaid in order to serve more of these
growing populations.

Shifting to our group Commercial business. Our Large Group
Commercial products performed well in the first quarter, achieving top and
bottom line results that exceeded our initial expectations. We maintained
stable membership in our U.S. Large Group Commercial products during the
quarter. And medical cost trends for insured products remain moderate and
largely consistent with expectations. Our Commercial ASC and fee-based
businesses also performed well as the 2016 momentum observed in this business
carried into 2017. As we look to the remainder of the year, we remain confident
we will grow our Large Group Commercial ASC membership.

In summary, we are off to a good start to 2017. Our strong
start to the year has enabled us to increase guidance and make investments that
we believe will position Aetna to achieve our long-term growth objectives. I
want to thank all of our employees for their efforts in delivering another
strong quarter for Aetna and our shareholders. With the momentum from the first
quarter, I am confident we have the right vision to lead in a changing health
care marketplace, that the investments we are making will position Aetna to
succeed as a health partner of choice for the people we serve, and we can
achieve our updated 2017 adjusted EPS projection of $8.80 to $9 and drive
long-term, sustainable growth.

I will now turn the call over to Shawn, who will provide
additional insight into our first quarter results and our updated 2017 outlook.
Shawn?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN, CFO, CHIEF ENTERPRISE RISK OFFICER AND
EVP, AETNA INC.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, we
reported first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings of $939 million and adjusted
earnings per share of $2.71. These results represent year-over-year growth of
14% and 17%, respectively, and continue to be supported by strong cash flow,
balance sheet and adjusted margins.

I'll begin with some comments on overall performance. Our
medical membership of 22.4 million is approximately 100,000 higher than the top
end of our previously projected range for March 31, driven by
better-than-anticipated Commercial ASC growth and lower-than-projected Medicaid
membership declines. Adjusted revenue was $15.5 billion, a modest year-over-year
decrease, driven by lower membership in our ACA-compliant Individual and Small
Group products and the 2017 suspension of the health insurer fee. These
dynamics were partially offset by higher Commercial premium yields and
membership growth in our Government business. From an adjusted pretax margin
perspective, our businesses are performing quite well. Our adjusted pretax
margin was 10%, a strong result and above the high end of our target adjusted
margin range.

Our first quarter total health medical benefit ratio was
82.6%, a strong result that benefited from continued moderate medical cost
trends and favorable prior year's reserve development. We achieved this result
despite the impact of a $110 million premium deficiency reserve associated with
our Individual Commercial products.

Our adjusted expense ratio was 16%, a 200 basis point
improvement over the first quarter of 2016, driven primarily by the suspension
of the health insurer fee in 2017 and execution of our expense management
initiatives. Relative to our previous projections, this metric benefited in the
quarter from the timing of previously planned spending, which we now expect to
occur during the remainder of the year.

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the
adequacy of our reserves. We experienced favorable prior year's reserve
development in the quarter across all of our core products, primarily
attributable to fourth quarter 2016 dates of service. And our days claims
payable were 53 days at the end of the quarter, a sequential decrease of
approximately 1 day.

Turning to cash flow and capital. Health Care and Group
Insurance cash flows were approximately $980 million in the quarter. During the
quarter, we initiated a $3.3 billion accelerated share repurchase program, which
retired 20.9 million shares. We returned approximately $88 million to
shareholders through our quarterly shareholder dividend. We also announced the
doubling of our quarterly shareholder dividend, which took effect last month.
In short, we are pleased with our first quarter results and the continued
successful execution of our strategy to become a more consumer-focused company.

I will now discuss of the key drivers of our first quarter
results in greater detail, beginning with our Government business. We delivered
another solid quarter continuing our momentum from 2016. We grew our first
quarter 2017 Government premiums by over 9% compared to the prior year period,
achieving a quarterly record of $7.1 billion. This quarter marks the first time
our Government premiums have exceeded our Commercial premiums. From a
membership perspective, we grew by 107,000 Medicare members, led by growth of
99,000 in Individual Medicare Advantage. Medicaid membership declined by 90,000
members in the quarter related to our exit of the Nebraska Medicaid contract at
the beginning of the year. This was a better result than previously projected
due to the delay in changes related to our Pennsylvania Medicaid contract.

Our Government medical benefit ratio was 85.3%, a continuation
of the strong results we achieved in this business in 2016 and a very good
start to the year.

Shifting to our Commercial business. The strong momentum of
2016 continued in the first quarter with our Commercial ASC membership increase
of approximately 219,000 members as Large Group Commercial membership gains
outpaced our previous projection. Increased sales drove this improvement, a
confirmation that our value proposition is resonating in the marketplace,
particularly with public and labor customers.

In our Commercial Insured business, membership decreased in
the quarter, largely the result of declining ACA-compliant Individual and Small
Group membership. As a result of actions taken to reduce our footprint in 2017,
our Individual business now represents less than 2% of total adjusted revenue.
Our Commercial medical benefit ratio was 79.4% for the quarter, a very good
result despite continued pressure from our Individual Commercial products. Our
group Commercial products performed very well in the quarter, benefiting from
moderate medical cost trends and favorable prior year's reserve development.
Based on first quarter results, we continue to project that our 2017 non-ACA
core Commercial medical cost trends will be in the range of 6% to 7%.

With respect to our Individual Commercial products, we
continue to face headwinds related to profitability. From a membership
perspective, we ended the quarter with 255,000 Individual Commercial members,
down from 964,000 at year-end 2016. This result is 15,000 members higher than
our previous projection. Based on our current view of membership in these
products, we believe the risk pool that we have retained from last year and
attracted during this year's annual enrollment has higher cost levels than we
had previously projected. As a result of our higher membership and an updated
view of the health status of our current membership, we recognized a $110
million PDR, reflecting our expectation for greater losses than previously
anticipated for the 2017 policy year. It is important to note that despite this
headwind, we continue to project that 2017 losses on Individual Commercial
products will be significantly less than those reported in 2016. We expect that
the first quarter will mark the high point for our Individual Commercial
membership as we project attrition throughout the remainder of 2017. This is
consistent with our experience in recent years.

Looking beyond 2017, we continue to evaluate our footprint
with a view towards significantly reducing our exposure to Individual
Commercial products in 2018. We have already disclosed our planned 2018 exit
from one of our 2017 state-based exchanges and intend to communicate other 2018
footprint decisions when appropriate.

Moving on to the balance sheet. Our financial position,
capital structure and liquidity all continue to be very strong. At March 31, we
had a debt-to-total capitalization ratio of approximately 39.8%.

Looking at cash and investments at the parent. We started
the quarter with approximately $15.1 billion. Net subsidiary dividends to the
parent were $785 million. We repaid $11.3 billion in debt in the quarter,
including $10.2 billion related to the Humana deal financing. We paid $1.2
billion in deal-related termination fees. We paid a shareholder dividend of $88
million. We used $3.3 billion in the quarter for our accelerated share
repurchase program. And after other sources and uses, we ended the quarter with
approximately $100 million of cash at the parent. Our basic share count was
approximately 332 million at March 31.

As a result of our first quarter performance, we are
increasing our 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance to a range of $8.80 to
$9 per share. The midpoint of this range represents a $0.35 increase relative
to our previous projection of at least $8.55 per share, a meaningful increase
especially when viewed in light of an approximate $0.20 headwind from our
Individual Commercial products. Our increased adjusted EPS outlook reflects our
favorable first quarter results, including the effect of favorable prior year's
reserve development as well as the impact of our accelerated share repurchase
program. Partially offsetting these benefits are the updated outlook for our
Individual Commercial products and the increased targeted investment spending
to drive future growth, primarily related to government-sponsored programs.
However, certain risks remain that temper our outlook at this point in the
calendar, including the ever-present concern that medical cost trends could
increase more than we have projected, low visibility at this juncture of the
year into our ability to achieve our updated outlook for Individual Commercial
products and the potential for the health insurer fee to be permanently
repealed during 2017. Our updated 2017 guidance is influenced by the following
additional drivers: based on our first quarter membership results, we project
that our year-end medical membership will be approximately 22.2 million numbers
as declines in Medicaid and Small Group Commercial during the balance of the
year are partially offset by growth in Commercial ASC and Medicare membership
over the remainder of the year. As we consider the stronger-than-projected
start to the year and our current membership view, we are increasing our
adjusted revenue projection for the year and now project that we will deliver
approximately $61 billion in 2017 adjusted revenue. Based on our strong first
quarter results, we now project that our full year total health care medical
benefit ratio will be in the range of 84%, plus or minus 50 basis points. We
now project that our adjusted expense ratio will be approximately 16.9% for the
full year, up approximately 15 basis points compared to the top end of our
previous guidance range. This increase is driven by the increase in targeted
growth initiative investments now contemplated in 2017. We continue to project
adjusted pretax margin to be approximately 8%, consistent with our high
single-digit target. We now project adjusted earnings will be approximately $3
billion. And we continue to project full year excess cash available at the
parent to be approximately $4 billion. Finally, as we consider the impact of
the previously announced accelerated share repurchase program and our expected
capital deployment for the remainder of the year, we now project our 2017
weighted average share count to be in the range of 334 million to 335 million
shares.

In closing, we are encouraged by the strength of our first
quarter results and our improved 2017 outlook, particularly at this early stage
in the year. Additionally, we remain confident in Aetna's long-term growth
prospects and look forward to sharing more details at our upcoming investor
update meeting in May.

I will now turn the call back over to Joe. Joe?

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna management
team is now ready for your questions. (Operator Instructions) Operator, the
first question, please?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: The first question is coming from the line of
Kevin Fischbeck with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN MARK FISCHBECK, MD IN EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes, question relates to the increase in investment
spending that you're talking about for this year. I guess what was it that kind
of changed your view about the opportunity for growth? And is the amount that
we should think about purely just the amount of increase in the G&A
percentage?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes, so a couple of things on that, Kevin.
One, I would say is, we have some insights into the group MA pipeline, and we
have some known sales already that we think are going to be significant enough
that we have to ramp up for in advance. As we talked about, we thought about
what are the kinds of things that we need to do to continue to enhance and
accelerate our growth in Medicare. And so we always have sort of a concept of
investment money gated that when we look at over performance we make a decision
about how to deploy that money. And in this case, we decided to accelerate some
spending in the areas of stars, for example, geographic expansion, advancing
some things in Medicaid. Again, and so these are all designed to be investments
that are either related to known growth or to drive future growth in '18 and
thereafter.

KEVIN MARK FISCHBECK: Okay. And I guess as far as the stars
investments that you're making, I guess you have a couple of large competitors
who've fallen off on stars recently. And as they look to regain their position
that they had maybe 2 years ago and some of these metrics are, in fact,
relative, so how do you think about your ability to kind of contain -- or
continue these elevated levels of star performance if the peers are trying to
catch up as well?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Well, I think of part of falling back is
not investing, and so I think we need to keep investing, number one. Number
two, Kevin, I think more importantly, we're expanding new markets. So part of
what we had hoped to get through the Humana acquisition was access to more
geographies. That didn't happen. So we will accelerate our approach to that,
and we'll need to get our star ratings up in each of those markets. We know how
to do that, and we intend on making those investments to continue growth on
those -- in a broader geography. So more new store growth instead of same-store
growth.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Josh Raskin
with Barclays.

JOSHUA RICHARD RASKIN, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just first question. Can you remind us the
strategic benefits of running the Group Insurance segment with your Health Care
business?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Well the -- I think certainly, the
disability business is one that has had some linkage historically as we thought
about the 2, right? There are some somewhat arcane benefits in terms of how we
position the investment portfolio and things like that. But operationally, they
do largely run as 2 freestanding units for the most parts. Today there is
cross-sell especially on the large accounts, we have a number of accounts where
we would have the medical and also the Group Insurance.

KAREN S. LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC.: It's an opportunity
for integration. A lot of times, a lot of companies will look at medical and
disability, and we can link the disability business with the medical. And we
have proof points to demonstrate that when we are selling in the large National
Accounts space.

JOSHUA RICHARD RASKIN: Has that benefit, that strategic
benefit changed over time? Is it the same today as it was a few years ago?

KAREN S. LYNCH: Yes, it hasn't changed dramatically over
time. Same benefit.

JOSHUA RICHARD RASKIN: Okay. And then just real quick, just
a follow-up on the $0.19 PDR. I'm just trying to size the Individual losses
this year. Other than the $0.19, it sounded like there's more losses on
Individual Exchanges also contemplated in 2017. Is there like a full year total
P&L impact of the Individual ACA plans that you guys could give us?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So what I would say is that we're
tracking towards having about roughly half the loss that we reported this year,
and that's on 1/4 of the membership that we had, but that's a good sort of
proxy. And just to be clear for everybody else, that PDR sort of goes all in
and out within the 2017 year. That's all related to the 2017 policy year.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of A.J. Rice
with UBS.

ALBERT J. RICE, MD AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, HEALTHCARE
FACILITIES, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I wondered maybe just a
follow-up on some of the comments around MA. Obviously, next year, you guys had
benefit of star ratings improvement, while others are probably under pressure
again. But there is now an increase in the likelihood that if HIF comes back,
and as you have to think about that or the market overall has to think about
that, it probably has some potential to disrupt benefits. It sounds like you
guys think you can grow similarly, especially with the geographic expansions,
to what you're seeing this year. I just wanted to maybe flesh out any other
views you have about what's happening in MA generally, the underlying growth
there, especially as we look into next year and your confidence in that. And
then since I'm asking about 2018, I'm going to slip in any update on your
thinking about long-term outlook of the $10 for 2018?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: A.J., I would comment on the Medicare
Advantage. While we're not going to give guidance for next year, we view both
same-store growth as continuing to be strong, but also opening up new stores
where we saw a fairly sizable portion of our new enrollment this year come from
new markets that we opened up. So as we think about the growth profile of the
business, it's adding more geographies, it's continuing to invest in star
ratings particularly around service and caps in each local market. And I think
everybody has to consider that the fees are coming back and that they have to
be priced into their product. But it's a market-by-market determination. Some
markets were up against the minimum MBR. Other markets, we are not. So we'll
look at it market-by-market and price based on what the competition is going to
do. As it relates to the $10, I'll turn it over to Shawn, and he can tell you a
little bit more about that.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. As Mark mentioned, we'll provide 2018
guidance later this year, as is our convention. The point of your question,
A.J., obviously is understanding bid positioning. It's a pretty big element to
try to understand the year, so we'll do that at the appropriate time. What I
would say though is that we're pleased with the 2017 earnings trajectory that
we're on at this stage, especially in light of the continued drag that we've
had with the Individual business. And as was discussed on the call on a few
other questions, we're continuing to invest, and some of that investment is
pointed at growth for 2018 and some of that is longer-term growth.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Justin Lake
with Wolfe Research.

JUSTIN LAKE, MD AND SENIOR HEALTHCARE SERVICES ANALYST,
WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So questions focused on growth. I want to touch on
Medicare Advantage and Commercial risks. So first on MA. There's been some
chatter in the marketplace that you picked up a very large group win out there
for 2018. And it certainly sounds like you're pretty bullish on the pipeline.
Could you give us some color on that large win if it did indeed occur? And how
do you see the outlook for group MA first for 2018?

KAREN S. LYNCH: So on the large case, I'm not going to
comment. It hasn't been publicly acknowledged yet. Relative to Group Medicare,
I would tell you that we have a very strong and robust pipeline for '18 that
we're quite excited about, and we do expect to have some solid growth coming
into January of '18.

JUSTIN LAKE: Got it. Would you expect your Individual MA
performance to be ballpark similar this year in terms of new markets and the
contribution from new markets?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: We're not giving guidance yet for '18, but
we continue to believe that we can exceed industry growth.

JUSTIN LAKE: And then just on the Commercial risk side,
you've outlined Individual. Can you give us some color on what you're seeing in
Small Group and where you think that the losses there could kind of stabilize?
And what you're seeing in the large group risk market for 2017 would be helpful
as well.

KAREN S. LYNCH: So relative to Small Group, I just want to
remind you all the 3 pieces of Small Group, the 2 to 50 "keep what you
have". That has been a pretty stable segment for us, and it is performing
within our expectations. The 2 to 50 ACA-compliant book has been probably the
most challenging and the most volatile, and that's where you have seen us
reduce our overall exposure in that segment. And as I've talked about before,
we've offered self-funded bswift capabilities to that segment, which has had a
very strong market receptivity. And then our 51 to 100, the majority of that
book remains medically underwritten and is performing in line with expectation.
Relative to the overall Commercial book fully insured, pricing's stable in the
market. We're seeing fair amount of activity for that 7/1 selling season, and
we continue to remain focused on National Accounts for '18 as well.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Justin, the thing I'd say macro on Small
Group is that towards the end of last year, it felt like this started to turn a
little bit for us in the favorable direction after having had some challenges.
And for the most part, I would say that continued in the first quarter. I
continue to be encouraged by the direction that the Small Group business is
headed. So that all looks good. And as Karen mentioned, Large Group continues
to be a stable performer. We continue to position ourselves carefully on the
large group risk side of the business. But again, those segments were generally
at or better than expected in the first quarter.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Scott
Fidel with Crédit Suisse.

SCOTT J. FIDEL, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST, CRéDIT SUISSE
AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just wanted to follow up again on group MA for 2018,
obviously sounds like a big opportunity for you. Can you maybe drill in a
little bit in terms of as you look at your pipeline and as you're trying to
mine that, sort of how that would break down in terms of the opportunity of
converting existing Commercial ASR retiree accounts as compared to new
prospects that you're looking to outside of your current customer base?

KAREN S. LYNCH: I would say if we're seeing a fair amount of
outside prospects, and we are continuing to mine our customer base, but we are
seeing a pretty robust pipeline of external customers coming to market.

SCOTT J. FIDEL: Okay. And then just a related follow-up.
Just, Karen, you had mentioned the 2018 National Accounts for Commercial. Maybe
just give us a sense in terms of where you stand right now in terms of the size
of the pipeline on just the core Commercial ASO side, in terms of the cases out
to bid relative to 2017, average case sizes, maybe some metrics like that?

KAREN S. LYNCH: Yes, so the relative pipeline on National
Accounts is a lower number of cases from last year at this time. Obviously, the
book is still maturing. I would say the average number of eligibles is down as
well. So as you might imagine, we're not expecting an outside growth for 2018.
We are keenly focused on retention. I might note that we had the best retention
that we've had in a number of years for the 1/1 selling season this year, and
we expect to maintain that momentum going into 2018.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Newshel with Evercore.

MICHAEL ANTHONY NEWSHEL, ASSOCIATE, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Mark, could you share your latest thoughts about the CVS relationship
and how you like to see that evolve and how might it be affected, if it all, by
any shuffling of PBM alignments among your peers?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Well, I would say that as we get closer
to our 1/1/20 renewal date, it's the first opportunity to consider renewing it.
We continue to look at what we can do in contract, and so we have some
developments and conversations under way around our Medicare product as well as
our Commercial product. But I think going forward, the PBM relationship as a
stand-alone model is a troubled relationship as we look at all the noise around
drug pricing and where are the discounts or where not the discounts. It is still
our view that drug pricing transparency is incredibly important for all
consumers. Secondly, that it's all-in cost for us by therapy because that fits
within a risk-based model where there's a premium against which all costs are
measured. So the lowest cost of therapy, maybe higher drug cost, lower other
cost, maybe higher other cost, lower drug costs, are very important. And so as
we talk to CVS about our relationship going forward, we're trying to
fundamentally rethink how we could work closer together both on just the
pharmacy side but also on the local care delivery that could go on in the
community given that CVS has 9,000 stores within 3 miles of 80% of the American
public. It has been our view that we need to get closer to home and closer to
the community to help people with social determinants and other costs that are
based near their home versus waiting for them to show up maybe once a year at
the doctor to get information about how they're doing.

MICHAEL ANTHONY NEWSHEL: And do you see building out those
more retail provider capabilities in terms of CVS acquiring those capabilities?
Are you guys doing it together through some sort of JV or partnership? Or are
there other things on the table now?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Still too early to tell. We're in the
midst of those conversations with multiple players.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Chris Rigg
with Deutsche Bank.

CHRISTIAN DOUGLAS RIGG, RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I was hoping you could give us a little more color on the
components of the medical cost trend. Obviously, the total number is tracking
in line, but just would love to get a better sense for how inpatient,
outpatient pharmacy are tracking at this point in terms of year-to-year
changes.

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Chris, I mean, unfortunately, this is a
bit of a boring story in that not a lot has changed sort of on the pressure
points or the nuance. I would say overall, again, we had a very well-behaved,
moderate cost trend quarter. Certainly looking at prior-period development,
that didn't lead any surprises as those periods have matured. So we're probably
looking -- continue to look at inpatient in the mid-singles, physician in the
mid-singles, outpatients in the high singles and pharmacy in the low double digits.
And the pharmacy story really continues to be one that's all about specialty
pharma. I think that comprises something on the order of 40% now of the costs
and a very low percentage of the scripts. And so when you really dig into it,
as I've said before, it continues to be issue 1, 2 and 3 when you look at the
medical cost trend drivers.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Gary Taylor
of JPMorgan.

GARY PAUL TAYLOR, ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I just want to clarify and understanding something first
just going to the Individual market. I think for 2016, you have suggested $450
million of pretax loss, and so it sounds like that's going to maybe $225
million this year. I think you said last year, you would've been break-even or
slightly profitable at the risk adjustment accruals which look like they would
have been 10%, a little north of 10% of gross premiums. So first question is,
have you made a change to the risk adjustment accrual percentage for 2017? How
does that compare year-over-year to how you're thinking profitability plays out
this year?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: Before I have Shawn answer that specific
question, let me remind you that last year when we made our decision in July to
withdraw from exchanges, we had a view that we could be running near $800
million to $900 million loss in 2017. And based on our first quarter results
and our projection for the year, it appears we are running at that number. And
so our attempts to stem the impact of this product set on our overall earnings
and capital structure was appropriate and very important at that time, but yet
we're still above what we thought we would project. Shawn?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes. So Gary, this is one of the areas --
when we talk about the areas of uncertainty that we have understanding again
the risk adjustment of this very different and changed population from what we
had last year is one of those challenges, especially in the first quarter where
we really don't have mature data. The short version of the story is, we still
are in a fairly -- we estimate that we're going to be in a pay-in position that
will probably in a relative sense be a little bit less of a pay-in position
than we were last year just given what we've seen happen to our book. But
again, there's still a lot of uncertainty and blind spots that we have in terms
of we know what happened to some degree to our population, but we don't know
what has happened in the overall market. So the takeaway is that we still have
a risk-adjuster pay-in position, but a little bit -- maybe a little bit
improved off of last year based on what we've seen so far.

GARY PAUL TAYLOR: Okay. And if I could do one other
question. On PDR -- or not PDR, prior year development coming into the year, I
think there was $0.46 of net prior year development recognized in '16. You
hadn't guided for that for '17. So at this point, is there still some
conservatism related to PYD? Is the net effect you expect to realize mostly in
the year because of 1Q? And is that net realized amount down from 2016?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Yes, so I'll just clarify. I don't think
we guided for any PYD in our initial guidance. We've certainly have talked
about what the historical levels had been. So we had in the first quarter
probably on the order of $0.30 to $0.35 of PYD. Again, if you look at past
years, we've continued to get smaller amounts of PYD in the subsequent quarters
going forward. So I certainly don't -- that certainly wouldn't be a surprise if
that happened and we got some more in the second quarter of the year, for
example, as that's how most of the prior years have played out.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Tom
Carroll of Stifel.

THOMAS A. CARROLL, MD, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: So in the past, you have discussed the
potential to perhaps build out an Aetna services segment, if you will, that
would house the various clinical IT and other non-benefit-related businesses
that currently operate. I guess, where does that fit into your current growth strategy
now that Humana, we're done with that? And maybe you'll talk more about this at
your Investor Day, but if you could just chat about that a little bit.

MARK T. BERTOLINI: We will talk about it more at our
Investor Day, Tom, but we are building that out. We are -- it is one of the
foci of our investment portfolio for 2017 that we put into the plan. And as we
look at what we found very valuable in the Humana transaction, it was more
geographies through which we can provide more Medicare Advantage products. And
secondly, the whole model that Humana has built about being in the home and the
community and a clinical model that approaches and supports that. And so that
is what that services division will do. It's currently under way. Gary Loveman
is building that out, and we'll have more to say it in December.

THOMAS A. CARROLL: Can you provide some timing perhaps on
that? Or would there be a branding campaign that goes along with it?

MARK T. BERTOLINI: More to come on that. We'll talk a little
bit more about that in May on May 12, but we'll have more detail when we get to
December.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Christine
Arnold, Cowen and Company.

CHRISTINE MARY ARNOLD, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two things. Number one, you had referenced
a group MA known win. Can you give us a sense for the membership in terms of
what you've already gained? And with respect to Medicaid, can you talk about
the pipeline? I know Pennsylvania is probably a bad guide, but what are you
seeing in terms of potential good guide on the Medicaid enrollment?

KAREN S. LYNCH: So Christine, I'll start with Medicaid. We
have 4 implementations currently in process, so you'll see those coming through
the remainder of the year. We're monitoring probably over a dozen RFPs that
will come out within the next 12 to 18 months or so. So we feel there's a
pretty solid pipeline relative to Medicaid. And relative to group MA question,
I can't give you that number at this point.

OPERATOR: We have time for one additional question this
morning from the line of Peter Costa with Wells Fargo.

PETER HEINZ COSTA, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just wanted to quantify a couple of
numbers, if I could. If the health insurance fee is repealed, it would create a
headwind for you for this year, correct, in terms of midyear renewals? How much
is that? And then can you quantify how much the alternative funding
arrangements are producing in revenues right now for small groups and what's it
growing by?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: On the headwind piece, that originally was
going to be about a $0.10 benefit. And as you all recall, it's just really an
anomaly of sort how the accounting works for that recovery. Obviously, as the
year goes on, some of that's built into pricing already. It could decline
slightly, but I think it's best to think about that as about a $0.10 item on
that. We are probably over, Karen, about 100,000 AFA alternate funding Small
Group members. I don't have the revenue in front of me, but we can certainly
follow up.

PETER HEINZ COSTA: Okay, and what's that like growing by
year-over-year?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Well, it's huge because we just launched
it last year, right? So there's no denominator there. So it's grown pretty. A
lot of that growth happened in the back of last year and in the first quarter
of this year especially.

PETER HEINZ COSTA: Okay. And then just to be clear, the
$0.10 benefit of that is impact is in your estimate today or in your guidance
today?

SHAWN M. GUERTIN: Correct. Correct. Correct.

JOSEPH F. KROCHESKI: Thank you, Pete. A transcript of the
prepared portion of this call will be posted shortly on the Investor
Information section of aetna.com where you can also find a copy of our updated
guidance summary containing details of our guidance metrics, including those
that were unchanged or not discussed on this call. If you have any questions
about matters discussed this morning, please feel free to call me one of my
colleagues in the Investor Relations office. Thank you for joining us this
morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050217a10276554.754










 HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER
INVESTMENTS (92%); EXECUTIVES (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); BUSINESS NEWS (89%);
COMPANY ACTIVITIES & MANAGEMENT (89%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); RISK MANAGEMENT (79%); HEALTH CARE POLICY (78%);
TALKS & MEETINGS (78%); HEALTH SERVICES RESEARCH (77%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (77%); PRESS RELEASES (77%); MEDICINE & HEALTH (76%)










  AETNA INC (97%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (83%);

DEUTSCHE
BANK AG (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE &
CO (83%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK
(72%);

COWEN GROUP INC (72%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (69%)










 AET (NYSE) (97%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (83%); BCS (NYSE)
(83%); BARC (LSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%);
DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN
(NASDAQ) (72%)










 NAICS524114 DIRECT HEALTH & MEDICAL INSURANCE CARRIERS
(97%); NAICS524113 DIRECT LIFE INSURANCE CARRIERS (97%); SIC6324 HOSPITAL &
MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS (97%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%);
NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (83%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (83%);
SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES
(72%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES,
NEC (72%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); HEALTH CARE (90%);
INSURANCE (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); ACCOUNTING (89%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); RISK MANAGEMENT (79%);
HEALTH CARE POLICY (78%); HEALTH SERVICES RESEARCH (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(77%); MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (92%)










 NEW YORK, NY, USA (76%); NEW YORK, USA (79%)










 May 6, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
31, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 9411 words

Corporate Participants

* Joe Krocheski

 - VP of IR

* Mark Bertolini

 - Chairman and CEO

* Shawn Guertin

 - CFO

* Karen Lynch

 - President

Conference Call Participants

* Josh Raskin

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Justin Lake

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* A.J. Rice

UBS - Analyst

* Matthew Borsch

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Kevin Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Dave Windley

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* Christine Arnold

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Gary Taylor

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Scott Fidel

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Sarah James

Piper Jaffray - Analyst

* Peter Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Lance Wilkes

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst

* Michael Newshel

Evercore ISI - Analyst

* Michael Baker

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I'll be your
conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Aetna fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background
noise. After the speakers' remarks there will be a question-and-answer period.

As reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now
like to turn the conference over to Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Mr. Krocheski, you may begin.

JOE KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC: Good morning, and thank
you for joining Aetna's fourth-quarter 2016 earnings call and webcast. This is
Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna. And with me this
morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Bertolini, and
Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Guertin. Following the prepared portion of the
remarks, we will answer your questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President will
also join us for the Q&A session.

As a reminder, during this call we will make forward-looking
statements. Risk factors that may impact those statements and could cause
actual future results to differ materially from currently projected results are
described in this morning's press release, and the reports that we file with
the SEC. We have also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures in
our press release and guidance summary. Further, to assist investors in
understanding our initial 2017 guidance, we have prepared a short presentation with
additional details on our outlook and related reconciliations. The
reconciliations and presentation are available on the Investor information
section of Aetna.com.

Finally, as you know our ability to respond to certain
inquiries from investors and analysts in non-public forums is limited, so we
invite you to ask all questions of a material nature on this call. With that, I
will turn the call over to Mark Bertolini. Mark?

MARK BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AETNA INC: Good morning.
Thank you, Joe, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning Aetna
reported fourth-quarter operating EPS of $1.63, a 19% increase over fourth
quarter of 2015. Outperformance in all of our major products more than offset
ongoing losses in our individual commercial ACA-compliant products which were
$100 million worse than we have previously projected.

Our strong fourth-quarter result brings full-year 2016
operating EPS to $8.23, exceeding the top end of our guidance range. Underlying
these full-year results, we ended the year with 23.1 million medical members
consistent with year-end membership projections. We grew operating revenue by
nearly 5% to $63 billion. We delivered strong operating results from our
government business. We drove continued operating efficiencies as evidenced by
our 18.1% adjusted operating expense ratio. We achieved a high single-digit
pre-tax operating margin consistent with our long-term target, and we generated
strong cash flow in 2016 putting us in a strong capital position as we enter
2017.

Based on the strong finish to 2016, this morning we provided
an initial 2017 operating EPS projection of at least $8.55 per share.
Consistent with past practice, this projection excludes the impact of prior
years' reserves development. In a few moments, Shawn will discuss 2016 results
and 2017 guidance in greater detail, but first I would like to provide some
brief comments on last week's US District court ruling enjoining our pending
acquisition of Humana, and then discuss some of the operational highlights for the
year.

Beginning with the court ruling, we are disappointed in the
court's decision as we believe we put forward a compelling case that addressed
each of the Department of Justice's concerns. We continue to believe this
transformative combination will result in a broader choice of products, access
to higher quality and more affordable care, and a better overall experience for
consumers.

Given the clear benefits of combining these two great
companies, we are conducting a thorough review of the court's opinion, and
considering our options for responding to this ruling, including an appeal. We
expect to complete our review prior to the end date of our merger agreement,
and we'll communicate our decision at the appropriate time.

Let me be clear, our commitment to our strategy has never
been stronger. Humana offers one way to accelerate that strategy. We are
continuing to make investments in digital tools and differentiated care models
to provide our members with access to simple, high-quality affordable products
that help them achieve their best health.

These investments position Aetna to continue to be part of
the solution in an evolving healthcare landscape. Regardless of the court's
decision, we intend to maintain focus on delivering strong operating results,
and providing the same high-quality products and services that our members have
come to expect from Aetna. We remain convinced that the strength of Aetna's
positioning and growth trajectory as a standalone Company.

Moving on to 2016 operational highlights, our Medicare
business continues to be a meaningful source of growth for Aetna, and performed
very well in 2016. During the year, we grew medical membership by nearly 13%,
including nearly 9% in Medicare Advantage and 21% in Medicare Supplement, drove
year-over-year premium growth of 15%, produced solid operating margins
consistent with our targeted range, and increased the percent of members in
four star or better plans to an industry-leading 93% based on first-quarter
2017 membership projections.

Additionally, we had another strong Medicare Advantage
annual election period, and project that we will grow our total Medicare member
membership by 120,000 in the first quarter of 2017, including 12% growth in our
individual Medicare Advantage membership. Further, we are encouraged by a
strong group Medicare Advantage pipeline, and the prospect for solid growth in
2018.

Our continued above average growth directly speaks to the
importance of our top-tier star ratings, and our focus on creating more healthy
days for our members. One way we measure our success is by how well we are able
to keep our members out of the hospital and in their homes and communities.

For example, in 2016 we reduced total acute admissions by
approximately 4%, and we deployed predictive modeling to target members of the
greatest risk of readmission. With the use of multi-disciplinary care teams to
engage facilities to develop appropriate and effective discharge plans, we
achieved a 27% reduction in readmission rates. Collectively, these clinical
programs have driven a best-in-class stars readmission rate among national
competitors.

Continuing with our government business, from a financial
performance perspective, our Medicaid business performed well in 2016. For the
full year, we served 174,000 new members. We grew our full-year revenue by 13%
compared to 2015, and we achieved strong pre-tax operating margins for the
year, despite the headwind from the rate reset in Kentucky.

While pleased with our Medicaid financial performance in
2016, we are disappointed by our 2016 Medicaid procurement efforts. Despite the
headwind this presents for 2017, we are encouraged by our successes in Nevada
and Virginia, and view our number one and number two rankings respectively, in
those procurement efforts as validation of our capabilities and revamped our
RFP process. Our strong showing in those states gives us confidence that Aetna
can continue to grow in Medicaid beyond 2017, with our proven track record of
successfully managing Medicaid populations for our state partners, and a solid
pipeline of opportunities across existing and de novo states.

Shifting to our commercial business, our large group
commercial products performed well in 2016, achieving bottom line results that
exceeded our initial expectations. We grew membership modestly in our large
group commercial insured products, and medical cost trends for these products
remain moderate, and largely consistent with expectations. Our commercial ASC
and fee-based businesses also performed well, as positive fee yields and a
focus on cost control produced another year of solid results.

Moving beyond the financial accomplishments of 2016, we
successfully advanced our strategy to help transform the healthcare system from
volume-based payment models, to ones that reward the quality and value
provided. We formed multiple collaborations with healthcare providers that span
a wide spectrum of value-based care models, including two new joint venture
relationships.

We carried that momentum into 2017 with the announced signing
of a new joint venture with Allina Health in Minneapolis. All-in, we made solid
progress in 2016, with over 45% of Aetna's medical spend currently running
through some form of value-based care model, positioning us to achieve our 2020
goal of 75%.

Finally, before I turn the call over to Shawn, I would like
to provide some thoughts on the evolving healthcare policy landscape. In spite
of the best intentions of Washington and the industry, the intended goals of
the ACA have not been achieved. Millions of Americans remain uninsured, and
still lack access to affordable healthcare.

Companies that have offered public exchange products
including Aetna, and other for-profit and non-profit companies, have
collectively lost billions of dollars. These losses have forced most insurers
to either scale back their participation or exit completely, and in some cases
even shut down, as is the case with the vast majority of the co-ops.

The result is higher costs and more limited access for
consumers. As the public exchanges enter their fourth year, it is clear that in
the absence of a significant shift in regulatory policy, the risk pools for the
ACA-compliant individual commercial products will continue to deteriorate.
However, we remain optimistic that the next wave of healthcare reform will
focus on affordability, quality, and addressing the needs of the millions of
Americans who remain uninsured, or lack access to affordable healthcare.

To that end, we continue to actively engage in constructive
dialogue with lawmakers and regulators, and are committed to working towards
preserving the positive aspects of the ACA, and developing consumer-based
approaches that deliver access to affordable, quality healthcare to all
Americans.

In summary, I am pleased with our 2016 results which
exceeded our previous projections, and I have a great deal of confidence in
Aetna's future including our long-term prospects for growth. Specifically, I am
confident we have the right strategy to deliver long-term value to the people
we serve and our shareholders, the right leadership to execute on our strategy,
and the financial strength to deliver long-term growth.

I want to thank all of our employees for their dedication to
meeting the needs of the people we serve, and delivering another strong quarter
and year for Aetna and our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Shawn
who will provide additional insight into our 2016 results, and our 2017
outlook. Shawn?

SHAWN GUERTIN, CFO, AETNA INC: Thank you, Mark, and good
morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported full-year 2016 operating earnings
of $2.9 billion, a 7% increase over 2015 and operating earnings per share of
$8.23. Aetna's operating results represent solid earnings per share growth,
despite the lack of any share repurchases in the year, and the significant
pressure from our ACA-compliant products, continued to be supported by solid
top line growth and operating margins, and are consistent with our long-term
growth framework.

I'll begin with some comments on our full-year 2016 performance.
From a top line perspective, we ended the year with 23.1 million medical
members. We grew operating revenue by nearly 5% over 2015 to $63 billion,
driven by higher healthcare premium yields, and membership growth in our
government business and large group commercial insured products, partially
offset by membership attrition in our small group and international commercial
insured products.

From an operating margin perspective, our portfolio of
businesses performed quite well. Our full-year pre-tax operating margin was
8.3%, a very strong result and consistent with our target operating margin
range. Our full-year total healthcare medical benefit the ratio was 81.8%, a
better result than our previous projection. Our full-year adjusted operating
expense ratio was 18.1%, an 80 basis point improvement over 2015. This
year-over-year improvement speaks to our disciplined focus on managing our
operating costs, as we continue to grow our top line.

Looking at our fourth-quarter results, operating revenue of $15.7
billion was steady versus the third quarter. Our pre-tax operating margin was
6.4% for the quarter, a 40 basis point improvement over the prior-year quarter.
Our total healthcare medical benefit ratio was 82.1%, a 20 basis point increase
year-over-year.

This result was better than our previous projections, as
medical costs trend remained moderate in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our
adjusted operating expense ratio was 19.8%, a 70 basis point improvement
compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, and consistent with our previous
projections.

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the
adequacy of our reserves. We experienced favorable prior period reserve
development in the quarter across all of our core products, primarily
attributable to third-quarter dates of service. Days claims payable were 54
days at the end of the quarter, slightly down from the prior-year quarter.
Sequentially, this metric decreased 3 days, driven by the decreased claim
processing times, and the reduction of the premium deficiency reserve.

Turning to cash flow and capital. Operating cash flows
remained strong. Our full-year healthcare and group insurance operating cash
flows were 1.4 times operating earnings, and 1.8 times GAAP net income. We did
not repurchase shares during 2016 as a result of the pending Humana
acquisition. We did, however, distribute $88 million during the fourth quarter
through our quarterly shareholder dividend, bringing our full-year distribution
to $351 million. In summary, we are quite pleased with the strength of our
full-year results, as core operations were able to more than offset the drag
from ACA-compliant products.

I will now discuss the key drivers of our fourth quarter
performance in greater detail. Beginning with our commercial fee-based
business, where our fourth-quarter results capped off another strong year. We
grew by 68,000 ASC members in the quarter, achieved positive fee yields, and
generated solid year-over-year operating earnings growth.

In our commercial insured business, our membership declined
by roughly 139,000 members in the quarter, directionally consistent with our
expectations. This change is the result of attrition in our individual and
small group membership, partially offset by growth of nearly 50,000 large group
commercial insured members.

Our commercial medical benefit ratio was 83% for the
quarter, a result that was better than our previous projections. Underlying
this result, in the quarter was continued moderate medical cost trend in our
core large group products, and some improvement relative to our previous
projections in our small group insured products. Consistent with our fourth
quarter MBR performance, we estimate that our full-year 2016 non-ACA core
commercial medical cost trend was at the low end of our guidance range 6% to
7%.

Partially offsetting the fourth quarter outperformance in
our group commercial insured business, with the continued pressure in our
individual commercial ACA compliant products. Underlying medical costs and
estimates of 3R reimbursements drove continued losses in the quarter, pushing
full-year pre-tax operating losses in our individual ACA-compliant products to
$450 million.

As you are aware, we have made changes to our footprint to
reduce our risk exposure to these products for 2017. Based on our current view
of open enrollment, we project our first quarter individual commercial
membership will decline from approximately 965,000 members at year-end 2016 to
240,000, made up of mostly on-exchange members. Consistent with past years, there
was a fair amount of churn in this product, resulting in approximately 50% of
our individual commercial membership being new to Aetna.

Given the high churn in membership, combined with our fourth
quarter experience and fixed cost deleveraging as we shrink our membership, we
project losses on our individual commercial ACA-compliant products in 2017.
However, we expect these losses to be meaningfully lower in 2017, as compared
to 2016.

Shifting to our government business which had yet another
strong quarter, we grew medical membership by 60,000 members in the quarter,
including growth of 16,000 Medicare members and 44,000 Medicaid members. As a
result of strong medical membership growth throughout the year, we grew our
fourth quarter 2016 government premiums by nearly 13%, compared to the
prior-year period to $6.5 billion.

Government premiums now represent nearly 50% of our total
healthcare premiums. Our fourth quarter government medical benefit ratio was
81.2%, a very strong result driven by year-over-year improvement in Medicare.

Moving on to the balance sheet, our financial position,
capital structure, and liquidity all continue to be very strong. At December
31, we had a debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately 53.6%, which
reflects the debt financing that we completed in June to fund the pending
Humana acquisition.

Looking at sources and uses of cash and investments at the
parent, we started the quarter with approximately $2.3 billion excluding funds
raised from our June debt financing. Net subsidiary dividends to the parent
were $317 million. We paid a shareholder dividend of $88 million.

And after other sources and uses, we ended the quarter with
approximately $2.2 billion of cash at the parent. Including the funds from the
June debt financing, we ended the quarter with approximately $15.1 billion. Our
basic share count was approximately 352 million at December 31.

Shifting to 2017, this morning we provided an initial
standalone 2017 operating EPS projection of at least $8.55. This guidance excludes
the impact of prior years' reserve development. While we are still considering
our options in an effort to provide as much transparency as possible, this
guidance presents a standalone scenario assuming there is no Humana
transaction.

Our baseline view of Aetna's 2016 operating EPS of $7.77
reflects our 2016 operating EPS of $8.23, less 2016 prior years' reserve
development of approximately $0.46. Our initial 2017 operating earnings
projection of at least $8.55 represents at least 10% growth over this baseline
view.

While there are many puts and takes in our initial outlook,
our projected 2017 operating EPS growth off of our 2016 baseline reflects:
growth in commercial insured operating earnings, led by a reduced level of
losses on our individual products, suspension of the health insurer fee,
continued Medicare top line growth powered by continued strong growth in
individual MA, and the resumption of share repurchase activity. Partially
offsetting these dynamics are a number of challenges in 2017, including the
projected impact of the previously disclosed Medicaid contract losses, and
lower projected group insurance operating earnings.

Our 2017 operating EPS guidance is further influenced by the
following drivers. We project that our first quarter 2017 membership will be in
the range of 22.2 to 22.3 million medical members. This projection includes:
continued growth in our Medicare products of approximately 120,000 members, and
commercial ASC membership growth of between 75,000 and 100,000 members, more than
offset by individual commercial declines of approximately 725,000 members
related to previously disclosed changes to our footprint, Medicaid membership
declines of approximately 150,000 members, primarily associated with our exit
of the Nebraska contract, small group commercial insured declines of
approximately 125,000 members reflecting our continued repositioning in these
products.

We project 2017 operating revenue to be in the range of $60
billion to $61 billion. This top line projection reflects our previously
discussed ACA-compliant product decisions, the net impact of the previously
disclosed Medicaid contract losses, and the suspension of the health insurer
fee, partially offset by growth in our government business primarily Medicare
products, and higher premiums in our large group commercial insured products.
We project our 2017 non-ACA core commercial medical cost trend to be in the
range of 6% to 7%, an approximate 50 basis point increase over 2016 at the
midpoint of this range. This projection reflects an increase in healthcare
utilization, partially offset by one less calendar day.

We project our full-year healthcare benefit ratio will be in
the range of 84% to 85%, representing a 270 basis point increase at the
midpoint of the range. This projected increase is driven primarily by the
suspension of the health insurer fee, the exclusion of prior years' reserve
development from our initial guidance, and experience rating pressure in our
group commercial and group Medicare Advantage products, partially offset by
projected improvement in our individual commercial insured products.

Our current view is that our full-year adjusted operating
expense ratio will be 16.5% plus or minus 25 basis points. A 160 basis point
improvement at the midpoint over 2016, primarily reflecting the impact of the
2017 suspension of the health insurer fee. Absent this impact, at the midpoint
of this range, our operating expense ratio is projected to be essentially flat
year-over-year, an excellent result given the previously disclosed revenue
headwinds.

We project our pre-tax operating margin to be approximately
8%, consistent with our high single-digit target, with operating earnings of at
least $2.9 billion. We project that net subsidiary dividends for the year will
be approximately $2.9 billion. We project excess cash at the parent of
approximately $4 billion, after funding all Humana and Molina
transaction-related fees and expenses.

In closing, I am very pleased with the strength of our
fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 results, which exceeded our projections
despite the challenges we experienced in our ACA-compliant products. As we
begin 2017, the fundamentals of Aetna's business remains strong, and we are
confident that we can achieve our initial standalone 2017 operating EPS
projection of at least $8.55. I will now turn the call back over to Joe. Joe?

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna management team
is now ready for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one
question, so that as many individuals as possible have an opportunity to ask
their questions. Operator, the first question, please?

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: Josh Raskin, Barclays.

JOSH RASKIN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Hi, thanks. Good
morning, guys. Just want to drill into a little bit more, the capital
deployment expectation for 2017. I understand you're including share buybacks,
and I see a share count down just under 11 million shares. But when I think
about your debt to cap and the $4 billion of total parent cash, it seems like a
relatively modest amount of buybacks -- just relative to where you are, and the
fact that you haven't really bought back stock in almost two years. So is there
an intentional -- are you intentionally leaving a little bit of wiggle room, in
terms of potential M&A? And I understand you've got breakup fee to pay, et
cetera, in the standalone case. But I'm just curious, any updated thoughts,
sort of in a standalone post Humana world for capital deployment?

SHAWN GUERTIN: So Josh, a couple things. As you think about capital
deployment there's -- in addition to share repurchase, there's one other thing
that you need to think about that we have assumed here. And that is $ 2.7
billion of the deal debt is not callable. So at some point that will come back
above the line if you will, and we will have to bear the interest expense on
that debt above the line. That's worth a little bit more than a $0.10 item.

But going back to the main thrust of your question, what I
would say is we have largely assumed the $4 billion for the purpose of this
guidance does go into repurchase. But the one area where we still have some
uncertainty, as we work through our final decision-making is the timing of
that, and the application of that throughout the year. So for this guidance, we
have assumed, I think cautiously that that's more back-end weighted, than it
ultimately could turn out to be. But I think, given where we are in the
process, that's the prudent decision right now.

JOSH RASKIN: So Shawn just a follow-up, $4 billion based on
your current stock price would be -- with the understanding that even if you
buy back late in the year, the 11 million even if that doubles, it seems like
again, a real conservative assumption. So I guess, the question would be, would
you be more aggressive? And then, have you guys thought about an accelerated
buyback, when you make your decision in the next couple of weeks here?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes. So what this would largely assume, is
that we would get to a debt to cap that would be between 35% and 40% by the end
of the year. We may go a little bit higher than that, and certainly something
like an ASR is on the table. Again, the timing of when we would pull the
trigger on that is something that we're still working through, as we work
through the final steps in our decision-making process.

OPERATOR: Justin Lake, Wolfe Research.

JUSTIN LAKE, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Thanks, good morning.
So my question is around the go forward on Humana. I'm just curious, given the
length of time this has taken. We're two weeks past the judge's decision. Mark,
can you just walk us through the moving parts that we should -- or key points
that we should we focused on here, that will kind of drive you decision either
way to appeal or not? And any comments on the potential divestiture package
that could be required here, and whether it could be above and beyond what you
laid out originally, given the judge's opinion would be helpful?

MARK BERTOLINI: Yes, Justin, I think the way to think about
it is, that we have a merger agreement that goes til February 15. So we're
going to take all of that time to make sure that we have pursued all potential
opportunities to either appeal or not. And I think we're in the midst of that
evaluation, and we'll come to a conclusion before the 15th. That's why we've
given the kind of guidance we've given you. But you'll either see an
announcement that we've terminated the deal, or an extension. And I think, we
are in no rush, given that we're literally two weeks away from having to make
that decision, to rush past any opportunities that we could consider.

JUSTIN LAKE: Maybe I could ask you your opinion then, just
in terms of the way the case has gone, obviously you are in a position to speak
with a more sophisticated view than anybody else right now, in terms of how the
DOJ is viewing this stuff. And there's all kinds of iterations of where the
world could go, with or without Aetna Humana being combined. And I'm just
curious, in terms of the divesture packages here that are -- how they were
viewed. Is there anything you can tell us in terms of -- is the DOJ just
looking beyond now, the potential to divest one-off membership in competitive
counties, and now looking for infrastructure behind that? Is there just a new
way that they are looking at it, that you think could be helpful for us to
think about the go forward world that we are living in now?

MARK BERTOLINI: I think the one thing that we could say
about our package, and some of the criticisms that are in the opinion by the
judge, is that the DOJ is looking for sustainable competition. And I think that
is their concern. Is there a management team and infrastructure, an ability to
remain in the markets, particularly in a retail product, where people have a
choice to select their products every year.

OPERATOR: A.J. Rice, UBS.

A.J. RICE, ANALYST, UBS: Hello, everybody. I was -- maybe
ask about the government business a little bit. First, on the MA side, you had
obviously a strong year, it seems like margin-wise. Are you at your target
margin, and is there a assumption of margin stability in the 2017 outlook or
further improvement there? And maybe any comments on your perception about the
underlying market trends, both in the individual and group business? Have you
seen a pick up versus what you were seeing last year? Maybe I will stop with
that.

SHAWN GUERTIN: The -- A.J., from the margin standpoint, we
clearly have ended the year, probably at the high end of our target margin
ranges for both individual and group. So I don't view that further margin
expansion is part of the future. And as you know, on group MA in particular,
that is an experience rated arrangement. And when you have favorable experience
as we've had, that actually tends to create some pullback on those margins. So
but I think the net story is that we are in that range now on Medicare, and
margin expansion [isn't] part of the story.

On the group MA, again it, on the surface our membership
doesn't really tell the story of how strong the pipelines are on that product.
I think as people know, we lost our largest group MA account and we still got
close to breakeven again in terms of membership. And I think that speaks to the
underlying strength of the pipeline, and the interest in the value add of this
product on behalf of employers and governments.

A.J. RICE: Okay. Any comment on the individual market and
the underlying -- is your growth above market you think, that you're seeing?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I -- go.

KAREN LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC: A.J., I would say, that
we are quite pleased with the individual growth. We believe that, as we said
earlier, we'll be at 12%. We believe that's above market growth. We really are
quite pleased with the result. We believe that it's reflective of our stars
performance. We have about one-quarter of our membership growth coming from our
expansion counties, and then we continue to be competitive in the rest of the
counties across the country.

MARK BERTOLINI: So to fuel that growth A.J., what we need to
keep doing is expand the number of counties that we're in, and depending on
where we are with the Humana transaction, which we will know here soon enough,
accelerating our approach to market expansion is going to demonstrate some even
further growth for us.

OPERATOR: Matthew Borsch, Goldman Sachs.

MATTHEW BORSCH, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Yes, I just wanted
to ask a question on the group commercial -- group commercial insured pricing
trend? So I realize what we look at is not on a same-store basis, but if we
think about it on a same-store basis, you price to a range -- it's something above
a 6% to 7% trend for 2016, and I assume you're doing about the same for 2017.
But if we looked at the pricing, would we see that it's 250 to 300 basis points
lower for this year, given the health insurer fee suspension?

KAREN LYNCH: Yes, about -- I think that you can consider
about that, yes.

MATTHEW BORSCH: Okay. And just one other question on
individual enrollment. How did the 240,000 compare to what you expected? I know
that was something that your guidance that was riding on to a certain degree?
And related to that, I had thought that you were expecting most of the
membership would be off-exchange. Did I get that wrong?

KAREN LYNCH: No, we, first of all, the membership in the
individual business was in line with our overall expectations. We were expecting
that membership would be primarily on exchange. If you recall, our off exchange
strategy was to go dormant in a number of states, and that's what we did. So if
you think about the 240,000 that we're projecting, think about 190,000 as
on-exchange.

MATTHEW BORSCH: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN FISCHBECK, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Great. Thank
you. I just want to take a step back, and ask about the long-term growth,
because you said a few times, that you feel really good about your long-term
growth for the Company. I think 2017 is kind of an unusual year, given all the
exchange exits, and Medicaid contract losses. And I think that's a question I
get most often, is how is Aetna positioned to grow over a long period of time?
I would just love to hear your broad thoughts about maybe each product, what
you see that top line growth opportunity being, and any color you could give
there, about that long-term growth rate?

MARK BERTOLINI: Okay, Kevin. Thanks, Mark. We first of all,
believe that Medicare and Medicaid will be growth markets for us, and continue
to be. Even in spite of our procurement losses in Medicaid, we still have a
strong pipeline, and have had good growth. And so, we think we've got that
figured out and worked through. And part of it was related to exchange
de-participation, so we've -- I think we've worked our way through those
issues. So government clearly, a strong growth market.

In the commercial market, underlying our results, if you
pull out what happened with the exchanges, we've had strong growth, starting up
for the first time in quite a while, and particularly around our small group
AFA, our alternative funding arrangement products and in our large group
business. So we feel good about the approach to our group market on the
commercial side. More importantly though, I think as we see the evolution of
this next step of health reform, there is an opportunity for a retail market
that is much more stable than the ACA has been, as a way for us to grow.

And so, we are actively engaged in those discussions, and
understanding how we can preserve the good parts of the ACA, but also bring
forward ideas around funding mechanisms that stabilize the market for all the
people in it. And encourage younger people to get in, and more to come on that
as we move ahead. But we think that's a strong opportunity, and could move
retail market in healthcare much faster than even people assumed would happen
with the Cadillac tax.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess,
maybe also to that context, I think you mentioned individual MA margins are
about where they should be. Can you just look at your products, and kind of
say, are you basically at target margins, is there room for opportunity in
different products, or is there expectations of -- versus your 2017 guidance,
expectation for margins and trend to be kind of up or down from those levels?

MARK BERTOLINI: It's a market by market approach, Kevin. So
in some places, we're approaching rebate status in Medicare Advantage
individual. And so, in those cases, we have to evaluate how we price moving
forward, versus other markets where we're not where we need to be, and have
more opportunity particularly with our star ratings. So I wouldn't categorize
it across the board, but the margins are healthy, and we intend on trying to
maintain those. But in some markets, it would be -- wouldn't be productive for
us to continue to push margins up, because we would just be rebating it back.

OPERATOR: Dave Windley, Jefferies.

DAVE WINDLEY, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Hi, good morning.
Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk, Mark, about providers'
willingness to continue to enter into value-based purchasing or other types of
more collaborative strategic arrangements? And then numerically, looking at
guidance around trend from last year to this year, you came in at -- from this
time last year till now, you came in at the low end of your range. And it does
appear that the gains that you made were on the price, or on the unit cost
side. And just wanted to kind of understand what the dynamics were in those
areas?

MARK BERTOLINI: Yes, we continue to see more opportunities
for value-based contracting. I think value-based contracting is going to
continue to be encouraged by even the current administration as a way of
getting a handle on healthcare costs. We have a healthy pipeline of
opportunities. They will not all be joint ventures. I think there are other
models emerging, but currently we have 45% of our medical spend in value-based
relationships, and continue to pursue reaching our 2020 goal of 75%, 80%.

So I think that is a set of numbers that we can rely on to
further push down our healthcare costs over time, by putting in these
value-based relationships, which not only work on unit costs, but also very
much work on providing high-quality care and reducing utilization over the
long-term, as we noted in our readmission rates, and our reduction in
in-patient days. As it -- so I think that is a strong opportunity. In our current
trends, we see still unit price as being a driver, and less about utilization.
And we see this year over last year at the mid range, a 50 basis point increase
in trend.

DAVE WINDLEY: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Christine Arnold, Cowen and Company.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: Hi, there,
Shawn, when you went through kind of the pluses and minuses, I think you said
-- and tell me if I misunderstood, but you're expecting lower group operating
earnings? First of all, did I get that right, and what might be driving that?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes, the comment specifically was lower group
insurance operating earnings, not commercial group. I can let Karen comment a
little bit about what's going on in that business.

KAREN LYNCH: Hey, Christine, there's two factors really.
One, if you recall two years ago, we announced that we had a large national
account lost. This -- next year is the continuation of one of the products in
the group insurance line. The second reason is lower net investment income. And
if you think about this business, we have long-term duration assets, and as
they're maturing, they're coming off the books in a lower interest rate
environment -- although the interest rate environment is improving, if you
think about it seven years ago, it was much higher. So you're just seeing the
turn of assets around that, driving lower net investment income, but those are
two factors.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: Great. And it looks like you are looking
for some pretty meaningful SG&A cuts. Is that permanent, or is that going
to represent a headwind to 2018? How do we think about that?

SHAWN GUERTIN: No, as we've talked about this before,
Christine, we've had a pretty concerted effort to drive productivity gains,
sustainable productivity gains. So that's not something where there's anything
meaningful in there that's one-time unique to 2017. This is really part of our
ongoing approach to the business. And as we saw in 2016, in years where we
grow, we usually get some tailwind from all of that productivity work. Obviously,
in a year where revenue is pressured, you're fighting the deleveraging aspects
of that.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Gary Taylor, JPMorgan.

GARY TAYLOR, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Hi. Good morning. I just
wanted -- I had a couple of questions on the earnings bridge. I wanted to make
sure I understood it. One of them was around group insurance, I think we just
covered that, but is that primarily group disability? Would that be the primary
product we're talking about?

KAREN LYNCH: Yes, group disability and life is in the
insurance line, but it is relative to the disability business.

GARY TAYLOR: Okay. And then, on the HIF suspension, Shawn, I
just wanted to understand that. We, I guess, if we just look at the MA business
alone, we think there's close to $0.60, but we were only estimating perhaps
$0.20 with flow-through net of your below trend 2017 rate increase from MA. So
is that $0.10, is that a net number incorporating your -- the rate increase you
received from MA? Or how do you get to the $0.10?

SHAWN GUERTIN: The simplest way to think about it is the
$0.10 is quote, the early recovery of the 2018 HIF as we work that into
pricing. So that's largely a commercial concept for 2017, because most of the
government business is on a 1/1. So that's really what that represents.

GARY TAYLOR: And in the MA business, there's not an
assumption, some of that lower G&A will flow through to earnings?

SHAWN GUERTIN: No, I mean, we've largely -- in our bids,
given where our margin profile is, any relief if you will from the HIF for
2017, has been largely incorporated into benefit design. I think you probably
can see that to some extent, in our strong growth in individual, but it's
really not a meaningful margin concept for MA for us.

GARY TAYLOR: Okay. Great. And then last part, on the capital
deployment, could you just repeat, I think what you had said to -- earlier, but
you had said -- I thought I'd heard a $4 billion number, and I wasn't sure I
heard that right on the $0.18?

SHAWN GUERTIN: So what we said in the prepared remarks, is
that we anticipate after we settle termination and deal-related expenses that
we would have $4 billion of parent cash to deploy. That is inclusive of some
non-callable debt that we will bring above the line, in that circumstance, so there
will be some added interest rate expense that comes with that, so but $4
billion is the gross number.

OPERATOR: Scott Fidel, Credit Suisse.

SCOTT FIDEL, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Thanks. Shawn, I'm
wondering if you could just give us some more details on some of the margin
assumptions within individual and small-group, and sort of the roll forward
from 2016 and 2017? So I guess, first on individual, the margin -- the margin
losses basically built into 2016, and then what you're assuming on the lives for
2017? And then similarly on small group, and within small-group, it sounds like
you ended up doing a little bit better in the fourth quarter on margin. So
maybe what small group margins end up being in 2016, and what you're assuming
for 2017?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes. So on individual, obviously, we had a
very poor margin result in 2016, and we anticipate as I mentioned that we'll
continue to lose a meaningful amount in 2017, but not as much. One way to think
about that, is if you looked at our earnings bridge, and you thought about the
$0.75 that's identified there for core growth and individual improvement,
somewhere in the ballpark of two-thirds of that is probably driven by the
individual business. And that will give you from a $450 million loss, some
sense of at least where we stand today, for guidance purposes.

Small group actually did improve, 2016 actually versus 2015.
We definitely -- we actually saw favorability in commercial across all
segments, but it was nice to see in small group.

This is really a repositioning story, as we continue to have
some insured markets where the ACA business is pressured. We will likely
continue to lose membership in those markets in 2017. And as Mark alluded to,
we have some alternate funding products that are selling in here, and those
will have a bit of a difference. So at the end of the day, I don't think that
small group itself is a big part of the earnings move from year-to-year. It
continues to be a repositioning year for us for that segment.

KAREN LYNCH: And I think it's important to note on the small
group, we've really done a repositioning of the products with this --
self-insured. We are seeing very strong market receptivity relative to our
offering. We have introduced differentiated products with our bswift capabilities,
and we're quite pleased with the results in our alternative funding products.

SCOTT FIDEL: So basically, does that sound like small group
margins maybe get into that low single-digit range again in 2017? And really,
what I'm thinking about is as we go through the healthcare re-reform process,
if we ended up getting regulatory relief around a lot of the ACA mandates that
pressured small group margins, how much potential -- basically, where were
small group margins maybe even before ACA, and is there potential for the
re-reform process to provide some substantial relief on the small group margin
side?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I mean, I think over time, that's certainly a
possibility. I mean, we've always viewed this somewhat like a mid-single-digit
insured pre-tax margin business, and we clearly, haven't been there. So I think
over time, there is that potential. But as Mark alluded to, there's a lot that
has to play out here in both individual and small group, I think before we
could take a lot of comfort that that's coming.

MARK BERTOLINI: Now I think one of the issues we need to be
careful about, is now we have three different pools of risk in the small-group
market. We have the keep-what-you-have market, which are people who are
underwritten with old plans. We have the alternative funding market, which are
people who have decided not to be insured, and take advantage of different
funding mechanisms. And then, we have the people who are in the ACA. And how
that sorts out, based on this new version of reform, the replace initiative, is
going to be a delicate and interesting balance, and probably won't really
happen much before [1/1/19] quite frankly.

SCOTT FIDEL: Okay, thanks.

OPERATOR: Sarah James, Piper Jaffray.

SARAH JAMES, ANALYST, PIPER JAFFRAY: Thank you. I wanted to
clarify your comment on evaluating options post Judge Bates' feedback on the
sustainable competition aspect? Does that imply there's some flexibility in an
appeal process, where you could change up the acquirer of the divestitures?

MARK BERTOLINI: I think we're way too early in the process
to have that kind of conversation. We're still working through -- it's been
eight days, since we received the ruling. It took a few days to read it and
understand it, to a level of depth necessary to consider next moves, and we're
in the process of making all those next moves now. So I would want to wait
until we have a full evaluation of our opportunities and alternatives.

SARAH JAMES: Got it. So it's not laid out in the existing
contract that has to be one way or the other?

MARK BERTOLINI: There is no existing contract, other than
the agreement we have with Molina, and the agreement we have with Humana that
would address that issue right now.

OPERATOR: Peter Costa, Wells Fargo.

PETER COSTA, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: Good
morning. Your components of cost trend guidance for 2017 are the same as they
were for 2016, yet you changed up the mix of utilization versus unit cost a
little bit. And you also came in at the lower end of those costs, coming in at 6%
or so, as opposed to 6% or 7%. Can you tell us where the savings were, and why
you're projecting the same thing going forward into 2017?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Well, what I would say -- and this will
ultimately take greater shape and improved clarity as the quarter matures, but
generally as the year goes on, we have good insight into unit costs. So
variations in trend tend to be updates on utilization. I know, for example, in
the fourth quarter, we had a couple of good months anyway, of pharmacy
experience in the fourth quarter, but generally these will usually play out as
improvements into the utilization baseline. The outlook is a fairly detailed
process we go through, sort of category by category, looking at contracts,
looking at the trends that we see. And sometimes, those end up with the same
number, but the pathway there obviously looks different from year-to-year. I
mean, I think we continue to assume that we see a modest uptick in trend from
year-to-year as we have, and that's continued to be our go forward pricing
position.

PETER COSTA: Can you talk about your PBM arrangement
currently, and what you plan to do there, and why that's triggering low
double-digit growth in pharmacy spend?

MARK BERTOLINI: Well, our current PBM relationship is in
place until 1/1/20. And so we continue to work with CVS on finding ways to
address our costs. I think our double-digit trend is really related to
specialty pharmacy for the most part, and which I think is plaguing everybody.
And that's a place where we're both focusing, both CVS and Aetna, on how we can
improve that.

OPERATOR: Lance Wilkes, Sanford Bernstein.

LANCE WILKES, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN & CO.: Yes,
I've got a question on your long-term growth opportunities, and really thinking
less about the products, and thinking more about some of the underlying margin
opportunities or beyond products? So was interested in an update on Healthagen
status, and the outlook for that. Is it really just driving membership growth,
or do you see that as a standalone margin opportunity? And then, also on the
international side, if you see any further growth, either inorganic or organic
there?

MARK BERTOLINI: Well, on the Healthagen side, it's still
running full speed ahead, building more joint ventures. But I think as we look
at that business, and as we evolve through the next year or so, we will see it
as much more of a standalone entity, with its own standalone margin. But we
very much want to make sure it's linked to the leverage inside our business in
managing medical costs, and bringing underwriting margin into Aetna, the
Insurance Company. So that's very much an important part of our relationship,
and we will reward that organization and its leadership on that basis.

So with Gary Loveman now in the lead there, and building new
products and new insights into products, as well as markets and individuals in
the retail marketplace, we will hold Healthagen accountable for helping us to
deliver lower medical costs, but also generating its own margin for its
business. I'm including, however, we go forward with CVS on our PBM
relationship. So we have a good organization, a strong organization, a great
opportunity for us, doing well. They will not all be joint ventures as I
mentioned earlier. We will be looking at various other methods for getting
value-based contracting across our book of business.

LANCE WILKES: Okay. And also, will you be looking at any
sort of acquisitions of physician practices, alternate site delivery, or do you
see that as in conflict with providing services to some of those sorts of
organizations?

MARK BERTOLINI: We see a huge opportunity of being in the
community, and in the retail marketplace as a way of delivering care to the
home. And so, I think we're going to focus more on that model versus the
current structure of the hospital, and on particularly, specialist physician
marketplace. So we see opportunity in keeping people at home, getting as much
care to the home as possible, through either contingent or contracted work for
us or our own employees. And then using local community resources and retail
locations, as a way of backing up the home provided care. So those are the
areas we'll be looking.

OPERATOR: Michael Newshel, Evercore.

MICHAEL NEWSHEL, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: Thanks, good
morning. Can you walk us through your thinking and the time line for making
decisions on participation in the individual market in 2018? And what you need
to see from Congress, and when do you have enough clarity to remain in the
markets that you're remaining in for 2017?

MARK BERTOLINI: We have no intention of being in the market
for 2018. Currently, where we stand, we'd have to have markets worked up,
prices worked up for 2017, for April 2017, in order to apply. And there is no
possible way, that we'll be prepared to do that, given the unclear nature of
where regulation is headed. We will, however, participate where we think it's
appropriate in 2018, as we currently evaluate our performance, and helping
support the transition to whatever comes forward in 2019 or 2020.

MICHAEL NEWSHEL: Great, thanks. And I just had one want
quick follow-up, just to clarify on cost trend, is that 6% to 7% forecast, is
that adjusted for the fact that 2016 is a leap year, and there's one fewer day
in 2017?

SHAWN GUERTIN: We haven't made any specific adjustments for
that in that trend.

OPERATOR: Our final question is from Michael Baker, Raymond
James.

MICHAEL BAKER, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES,
INC.: Yes, thanks a lot. Mark, I was wondering if you could comment, and add a
little bit more color on the services business? You indicated the key focus is
care in the home. I was wondering if you could touch on other elements, as well
as we're starting to see other players in healthcare leverage data. I know
historically, that's kind of been an area of focus for you. Are there certain
moves or plans around that part of your business going forward?

MARK BERTOLINI: Definitely, there is. Under Gary's
leadership, we have built up our data analytics departments rather
dramatically, and are starting to come to some real interesting insights that
have already begun to help us on our medical costs, on our sales, and on our
underwriting margin. So we continue to see that as an area of focus, and an
area of investment for the Company.

As we have evaluated, where we go, without doing the Humana
transaction, we made priority decisions around again, leveraging data
analytics, leveraging in the home care and services as a way of impacting our
medical costs, and our growth. And our -- quite frankly our retention of
customers, particularly in the Medicare space as an opportunity for us to move
ahead. And so, you will see more investments in the services business, as we
move ahead.

MICHAEL BAKER: Thanks.

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Mike. A transcript of the prepared
portion this call will be posted shortly on the Investor information section of
Aetna.com, where you can also find a copy of our updated guidance summary
containing details of our guidance metrics, including those that were not
discussed on this call. If you have any questions about matters discussed this
morning, please feel free to call me in the Investor Relations office, and
thank you for joining us this morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in
the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 013117a7553030.730










 EXECUTIVES (91%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (89%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%)










  AETNA INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

JEFFERIES LLC (72%);

COWEN
GROUP INC (72%);

SANFORD C
BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (71%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (70%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (58%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (57%);

PIPER JAFFRAY COS (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%)










 AET (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (90%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(72%); JPM (NYSE) (57%); JPM (LSE) (57%); PJC (NYSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%);
CS (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (94%)










 March 27, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
27, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 8819 words

Corporate Participants

* Joe Krocheski

. - VP of IR

* Mark Bertolini

. - Chairman and CEO

* Shawn Guertin

. - CFO

* Karen Lynch

. - President

Conference Call Participants

* AJ Rice

UBS - Analyst

* Josh Raskin

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Justin Lake

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Matt Borsch

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Peter Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Christine Arnold

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Gary Taylor

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Scott Fidel

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Michael Newshel

Evercore ISI - Analyst

* Chris Rigg

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

* Dave Windley

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* Lance Wilkes

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst

* Kevin Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Michelle and I will be
your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome
everyone to the Aetna third-quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would
now like to turn the conference over to Joe Krocheski, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Krocheski, you may begin.

JOE KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC.: Good morning and thank
you for joining Aetna's third-quarter 2016 earnings call and webcast. This is
Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna, and with me this
morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Bertolini; and
Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Guertin. Following the prepared portion of the
remarks, we will answer your questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President, will
also join us for the Q&A session.

As a reminder, during this call, we will make forward-looking
statements. Risk factors that may impact those statements and could cause
actual future results to differ materially from currently projected results are
described in this morning's press release and the reports we file with the SEC.
We have also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures in our press
release and guidance summary. These reconciliations are available on the
Investor information section of aetna.com.

Finally, as you know, our ability to respond to certain
inquiries from investors and analysts in non-public forums is limited. So we
invite you to ask all questions of a material nature on this call. With that, I
will turn the call over to Mark Bertolini. Mark?

MARK BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AETNA INC.: Good morning.
Thank you, Joe, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, Aetna
reported third-quarter operating EPS of $2.07, driven by 10% year-over-year
growth in operating earnings. Underlying our solid third-quarter performance,
we grew membership sequentially by 143,000 members across large group
commercial, Medicare, and Medicaid.

We grew operating revenue by 5%, to $15.7 billion. Operating
results in our government business remain robust. We continue to drive
operating efficiencies, as evidenced by our 17.6% adjusted operating expense
ratio, and we achieved high single-digit pre-tax operating margins, consistent
with our long-term target.

We are pleased with our third-quarter results, which
continue to reflect the solid performance of our core businesses. As we look to
the final quarter of 2016, we continue to expect strong operating performance
in our core businesses and have refined our operating EPS projection to $7.95
to $8.05 per share.

Our performance in the quarter and year to date reflects
many elements of our growth strategy. The main pillars of the strategy are:
positioning Aetna to participate in key industry growth drivers, particularly
in government-sponsored programs; leading the evolution of the provider model
from volume to value-based care; and transforming Aetna into a consumer-centric
company. While the Humana acquisition enhances these efforts, let me spend a
few minutes discussing the progress we have made year to date delivering on
these strategic pillars.

Beginning with growing our government business, the
performance of our Medicare business continues to be very strong. During the
quarter, we grew medical membership by nearly 50,000 members sequentially,
drove year-over-year quarterly premium growth of more than 17%, and produced
solid operating margins, consistent with our targeted range.

We have also positioned the Company to continue to grow in
Medicare by expanding our geographic footprint, providing over 4 million
additional eligible Medicare beneficiaries access to Aetna MA products, beginning
with this annual election period; improving our stars performance for the third
consecutive year, achieving over 90% of membership in four-star or greater
plans, best-in-class among our publicly traded peers; and introducing
proprietary group MA exchange solutions that produced multiple group contract
wins for January 2017. Our strong membership growth in Medicare Advantage
speaks to the execution of our growth strategy in Medicare. Looking forward, we
believe we are well positioned to carry this momentum throughout this current
annual election period and beyond.

Shifting to our Medicaid business, from a financial
performance perspective, our Medicaid business is having another good year.
More specifically, in the third quarter, we added nearly 50,000 members. We
grew quarterly premiums by nearly 13% compared to the same period last year,
and we are on track to achieve our pre-tax operating margin target for the
year. From a longer-term perspective, we continue to see opportunities for
Aetna to grow in Medicaid. While disappointed by the results of our procurement
efforts in a number of important Medicaid contracts this year, we have taken
what we have learned from these experiences to develop a refreshed approach to
our procurement process.

Combined with our already strong capabilities in managing
Medicaid members, particularly high-acuity populations, we are confident in our
ability to grow our Medicaid business. Our recent selection to participate in
Virginia's Managed LTSS and Nevada's Managed Medicaid programs speaks to
Aetna's underlying capabilities to effectively serve these populations.

We also continue to advance our efforts to help transform
the healthcare system. Over 40% of Aetna's medical spend currently runs through
some form of value-based care model today, and we are making solid progress to
achieving our 2020 goal of 75%. Our collaborations with healthcare providers
span a wide spectrum of value-based care models, including joint ventures. Our
value-based care efforts are not limited to collaborations with physicians and
hospital systems. Earlier this month, we announced that Merck will be among the
first companies to participate in AetnaCare, an innovative approach which uses
predictive analytics to identify target populations and proactively curate
various health and wellness services that are available. In coordination with
the patients, physicians, and caregivers, the program will aim to support
treatment adherence, ensure that critical support needs are met, and reinforce healthy
lifestyle behaviors.

We are also collaborating with Merck in a previously
disclosed value-based contract for the treatment of diabetes. Through this
value-based contract, Merck and Aetna will work to advance our common goal of
helping patients with type II diabetes effectively manage their condition to
enable them to maximize their number of healthy days.

Shifting to our consumer engagement efforts, we made
meaningful progress in the quarter and year to date to transform Aetna into a
consumer-centric company. Specifically, we continue to use our bswift platform
to enhance the consumer shopping and enrollment experience. For 2017, members
in many of our group Medicare Advantage, and small group plans will have access
to bswift's decision support tools and intuitive user interface, creating a
more user-friendly and analytically driven enrollment experience.

We also announced a collaboration with Apple, combining the
power of iOS apps and the unmatched consumer experience of Apple with Aetna's
strong expertise in data-based wellness and care management programs. With
support from Apple, we plan to develop several health initiatives, starting
with apps that engage consumers. We are excited by this opportunity, as we
continue to drive Aetna's consumer-centric transformation.

Before I turn the call over to Shawn to discuss our
third-quarter results in more detail, I would like to say a few words about the
proposed Humana acquisition. We began this journey over 18 months ago, and
despite Humana's Medicare star-ratings performance, we remain convinced of the
strategic and financial merits of the acquisition. The Humana acquisition will
accelerate our three main strategic pillars, enabling the combined company to
provide more competitive products with a more engaging consumer experience to
help people we serve achieve their personal health goals. We remain committed
to defending our acquisition in court, and we are confident that we will close
the transaction.

In summary, we are pleased with our third-quarter and year-to-date
performance. I want to thank our employees for their efforts in delivering
another strong quarter for Aetna and our shareholders, as well as those
employees at both Aetna and Humana, who continue to work tirelessly to plan a
successful integration.

I will now turn the call over to Shawn, who will provide
additional insight into our third-quarter results, our updated 2016 outlook,
and provide some preliminary thoughts on 2017. Shawn?

SHAWN GUERTIN, CFO, AETNA INC.: Thank you, Mark, and good
morning, everyone. Earlier today we reported third-quarter 2016 operating
earnings of $734 million, a 10% increase over the prior-year quarter, and
operating earnings per share of $2.07. Aetna's operating results continued to
be supported by solid top-line growth, cash flow, and operating margins. I will
begin with some comments on overall performance.

From a top-line perspective, we grew medical membership
sequentially by 143,000, to over 23.1 million, and we grew operating revenue by
5% over the prior year, to $15.7 billion, driven by higher healthcare premium
yields and membership growth in our government business, partially offset by
membership attrition in our individual and small-group commercial products.

From an operating margin perspective, our portfolio of
businesses is performing quite well. Our pre-tax operating margin was 8.5%, a
very strong result and consistent with our target operating margin range. Our
third-quarter total health medical benefit ratio was 82%, a good result
overall, but one that continues to be impacted by the performance of our
ACA-compliant small-group and individual products. Our adjusted operating
expense ratio was 17.6%, a 100-basis-point improvement over the third quarter
of 2015. This year-over-year improvement speaks to our disciplined focus on
managing our operating costs as we continue to grow our top line.

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the
adequacy of our reserves. We experienced favorable prior-period reserve
development in the quarter across all of our core products, primarily
attributable to second-quarter dates of service. Our reserve growth exceeded
our premium growth, and days claims payable were 57 days at the end of the
quarter, a sequential increase of about 1 day and a year-over-year increase of
almost 3 days.

Turning to cash flow and capital, year-to-date operating
cash flows have been strong. Healthcare and group insurance operating cash
flows were approximately 2.1 times operating earnings, driven by strong
operating results and the timing of Medicare premium receipts, as we received
an advance payment in the quarter associated with October 2016. We did not
repurchase any shares during the quarter; however, we did return $88 million to
shareholders through our quarterly shareholder dividend.

In short, we are pleased with our third-quarter results and
the continued successful execution of our growth strategy. I will now discuss
the key drivers of our third-quarter performance in greater detail.

Beginning with our commercial fee-based business, which
continues to perform well, we added 117,000 ASC members in the quarter, driven
by several new public and labor customers. This added membership, combined with
fee yields, drove solid year-over-year fee revenue growth of 4%. Pre-tax
operating margins also remained healthy, continuing the trend from the first
half of the year.

In our commercial insured business, our membership declined
by roughly 70,000 members in the quarter, primarily the result of attrition in
our individual and small-group membership, directionally consistent with our
expectations. Our commercial medical benefit ratio was 83.8% for the quarter.
This result reflects the continuation of medical cost pressure in our
ACA-compliant individual and small-group products.

Let me spend a few moments quantifying the impact of our
ACA-compliant products in more detail. Beginning with our individual products,
our third-quarter commercial MBR reflects ongoing challenges with these
products, as well as an increase in the premium deficiency reserve to $85
million from $65 million at the end of the second quarter. Based on our
third-quarter results, our full-year pre-tax operating loss in our individual
commercial products is now projected to be approximately $350 million, further
validating our decision to reduce our 2017 exposure to these products.

Moving on to our ACA-compliant small-group insured products,
our underwriting results in the third quarter were pressured by the previously
disclosed higher morbidity of this population, combined with our updated
estimate of 2016 risk-adjustment payables, which further pressured our
commercial MBR in the quarter. While our ACA-compliant products continue to
weigh on 2016 results, we are confident that our strategic decision to reduce
our footprint will reduce our financial exposure to these products in 2017.

Based on year-to-date results, the majority of our group
commercial products are performing largely consistent with our expectation for
moderately increasing medical trend. As a result, we continue to project that
our 2016 non-ACA core commercial medical cost trends will be in the 6% to 7%
range.

Shifting to our government business, our strong first-half
momentum extended into the third quarter. We grew medical membership by nearly
100,000 members in the quarter, including growth of 20,000 Medicare Advantage,
30,000 Medicare supplement, and 47,000 Medicaid members. As a result of this
strong medical membership growth, we grew our third-quarter 2016 government
premiums by nearly 16%, compared to the prior-year period, to $6.6 billion.
Government premiums now represent nearly 50% of our total healthcare premiums.
Our government medical benefit ratio was 80.1%, a very strong result driven by
year-over-year improvement in both Medicare and Medicaid.

Moving on to the balance sheet, our financial position,
capital structure, and liquidity all continue to be very strong. At September
30, we had a debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of approximately 53%, which
reflects the debt financing that we completed in June to fund the pending
Humana acquisition.

Looking at cash and investments at the parent, we started
the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion. Net subsidiary dividends to the
parent were $317 million. We paid a shareholder dividend of $88 million, and
excluding the funds raised from our debt financing in June, we ended the
quarter with approximately $2.3 billion of cash at the parent. Including the
funds from the June debt financing, we ended the quarter with approximately
$15.2 billion. Our basic share count was approximately 351 million at September
30.

Based on our year-to-date performance, we are refining our
2016 operating earnings-per-share guidance to a range of $7.95 to $8.05 per
share. This reflects continued strong performance in our government business
and continued focus on operating costs, offset by our updated margin
projections for our ACA-compliant products. Our updated 2016 guidance also
reflects our year-end membership projection of approximately 23 million
members, with ACA-compliant small-group and individual membership attrition
projected to be the largest driver of membership movement in the fourth
quarter. The balance of our 2016 guidance metrics remain unchanged and can be
found on our guidance summary.

Looking beyond 2016, with the DOJ trial date set for
December, we are now planning for a 2017 closing of the Humana acquisition. We
believe the strategic underpinnings of the combination and the financial case
remain strong. While developments since we announced the transaction have altered
some of the specific parts, the sum of these parts is still within our set of
initial assumptions.

We don't typically provide forward-year guidance on our
third-quarter call and will not do so today; however, with the potential for a
2017 closing of the Humana acquisition, I want to provide directional
commentary on some of the notable moving pieces that are likely to influence
our initial projections for Aetna's 2017 baseline earnings.

While we are still early in the forecasting process, we see
a number of challenges in 2017. From an operating revenue perspective, these
include the previously disclosed reduction in our individual public exchange
footprint; the projected impact of the suspension of the health-insurer fee;
the projected impact of known Medicaid contract losses; and the projected
impact of our continued strategy to improve margins in our small-group ACA
products. We project these top-line challenges will pressure our ability to
grow operating revenue in 2017; however, we believe the Humana acquisition has
the potential to mitigate these top-line challenges.

We also see opportunities in 2017, including the projection
for continued above-industry growth in our individual Medicare Advantage
products, driven by our industry-leading stars position; the projection that
our reduced individual public exchange footprint will improve the financial
performance of these products in 2017 as compared to 2016; and the projection
for year-over-year improvement in the financial performance of our small-group
ACA products.

In closing, as we begin the final quarter of 2016 and
continue our planning for 2017, we remain encouraged by the strength of our
third-quarter and year-to-date results, despite some meaningful challenges. We
also remain confident that we can close the Humana transaction, and are
committed to realizing our long-term growth objectives. I will now turn the
call back over to Joe. Joe?

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna Management Team
is now ready for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question
so that as many individuals as possible have an opportunity to ask their
questions. Operator, the first question please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

AJ Rice, UBS.

AJ RICE, ANALYST, UBS: Thanks. Hello, everybody. Maybe just
following up on Shawn's comments there toward the end of the prepared remarks.
If you were to think about it from an operating income standpoint, it seems to
me you've got some positive things happening, like the elimination of your
exchange losses and the potential for capital deployment, either in buying
Humana or restarting your share repurchase program. Alternatively, you've had
some favorable PYD this year that you probably typically don't at least guide
for. Maybe can we get you to comment a little bit about the tailwinds in
headwinds as it relates to operating income and your thoughts about that?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I'm not going to, again, provide guidance on
operating income on this call. I will just offer some comments, though, on what
you said. You are correct, it's been our long-held convention that our initial
guidance for any calendar year excludes the effect of prior-year development.
That adjustment would be between $0.40 and $0.45 for this year, and at this
point, we have no intention to change that convention.

In terms of the capital deployment, you are right. In the
event that we will have some capital, whether that capital goes to the Humana
deal or other uses is to be determined. The allocation of that capital is something
that we still need to determine. As you recall, our first priority always with
capital is to do something to grow the business and add long-term value, and
then we consider some of the other uses like share repurchase and the
shareholder dividend.

The final comment I'd make on the individual business is I
would not get so bullish to think that we are eliminating all the loss in that
business next year. I think we have taken steps to improve that outcome. But
from where we've come on this, I do not think that is something that one should
assume at this point.

AJ RICE: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.

OPERATOR: Josh Raskin, Barclays.

JOSH RASKIN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Thanks, good
morning. Also, just to clarify the comment you made, Shawn, that you've got
$0.40 to $0.45 of favorable development in the 2016 number, if we think about
that $8 midpoint, is there any other adjustment to the run-rate 2016 that we
should think about?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I don't think there is anything really
material. Obviously, we've had a prior-year drag, but that's embedded in the
individual loss that we've talked about. So I think that's a fairly clean
adjustment.

JOSH RASKIN: Okay.

MARK BERTOLINI: But that was a number, Josh, that we didn't
have any capital deployment during the year.

JOSH RASKIN: Right, right. So and that was my next question
is, even if the deal doesn't close and you pay a $1 billion breakup fee, and
you retire the debt with a 1% penalty, you're still going to end the year with
$1.25 billion, $1.5 billion of cash it sounds like, plus, obviously, any cash
you generate next year. Is there any reason to think that at these levels,
share buybacks wouldn't be the first priority? Would you guys consider an
accelerated buyback in a situation like that or how should we think about the
timing of that deployment?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Again, I don't want to lock in prematurely to
an answer on this. As I mentioned, our first priority actually with that
capital at the parent is always to grow the business. Now having said that, I
don't think it's unreasonable that there would be some degree of share
repurchase next year with the use of that capital. But whether the magnitude of
that, whether we do an ASR, a lot of that is still to be determined.

JOSH RASKIN: Okay. And then did you quantify the actual
revenue reduction on the health insurance exchange? Just sizing? I know you're
saying that you're not going to eliminate all of the loss, but is there even
like a revenue parameter that we could say in terms of where you were this year
versus next year?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes. So the total individual block is
projected to be about $4 billion of revenue this year. The on-exchange portion
of that for 2016 that we're exiting is about $2.7 billion. There will likely be
some additional attrition in the off-exchange business, but that is still to be
determined. We're going to need to see how that plays out in enrollment. But I
would think about the $2.7 billion as being the biggest chunk of what's going
to happen year over year. It will likely turn out to be a bit more than that.

JOSH RASKIN: Thanks.

OPERATOR: Justin Lake, Wolfe Research.

JUSTIN LAKE, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Thanks, good morning.
Just to follow up on this individual number. The $2.7 billion is what you're
exiting, that's the 80% of membership that you talked about on exchange walking
away from?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes. That is the 2016 revenue estimate for
the on-exchange markets that we're exiting.

JUSTIN LAKE: Got it. And then, as you think about the other
exits out there and the growth, I'm just curious in terms of the fact that you
expect attrition, despite the fact that others are leaving and then your price
increases. Do you think -- can you give us a ballpark? Do you think this thing
will be down from $4 billion to $2 billion or do you think it will be down even
less than that?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I really can't, at this point, which is some
of why we're not getting out too far on guidance, because this is one element
of that for sure. But let me be clear, when I was speaking to attrition, I was
speaking specifically to the off-exchange markets where I do think we will see
some attrition.

Whether we -- the degree of growth in the markets we stay
in, again, that is still to be determined as we go through the enrollment
process And as you point out, there's a lot of variables there in terms of
other carrier exits, rate increases, and things like that.

MARK BERTOLINI: I'd like to remind everybody that we are not
yet done with our 2017 operating plan. So we have yet to present that to our Board,
and therefore, not ready to give any guidance.

JUSTIN LAKE: Understood. Just a couple of other directional
questions on 2017, hopefully, you can comment on. First, the timing on the
health industry tax. I think you had said for this year, it was just the way in
the commercial, the way premiums work, it was a $0.10 headwind. I think it's
supposed to be a $0.20 benefit next year, so effectively a $0.30 tailwind. Just
wanted to confirm that will be the case for 2017 and then reverse itself in
2018.

And just any comments on SG&A from a high level, given
how should we think about SG&A leverage in the next year, given the revenue
lost? And that will be it for me, thanks.

SHAWN GUERTIN: So on SG&A, obviously, in a traditional
sense, leverage will be more challenged than it certainly has been the last few
years. We certainly made good progress over the last years, not only on
leverage, but in overall productivity gains within our SG&A. Obviously,
losing some of the Medicaid contracts, exiting these exchange markets, the
level of SG&A activity to right-size our business in proportion to that is
something that's a key part of next year.

On the health insurer fee, in concept, you're correct; it
turned out a little -- we're probably a little bit closer on 2016 than your
$0.10, so I'm not sure that's as big a pickup. Obviously, we are going to have
to start recovering the 18 in our 2017 pricing, just like we had to do back in
2013 and 2014. And we will be following, as of right now, the same process that
we used in 2013 to begin to recover the 2014 hif.

JUSTIN LAKE: Okay, thanks.

OPERATOR: Matt Borsch, Goldman Sachs.

MATT BORSCH, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Yes, hi thank you. Good
morning. On the small group business, can you- would you be able to do any
similar sizing of that business as you've done on the individual side? I don't
know whether you can break that out between -- if it matters, between
ACA-compliant and non-ACA-compliant? And maybe give us some sense of how much
attrition you might be expecting going into next year.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Just in terms of sizing, that business is
about 55%, I think, ACA right now, and that's a little bit higher than I think
we were a year ago but not a lot. On overall small group, this is another one
that's difficult to project. On the non-ACA business, a lot of that is renewing
in December, so we need to see how that plays out. There's a large
concentration of business there. But it is a little bit difficult at this point
to estimate what's going to happen with the small group ACA block. And as Mark
mentioned, that's something we're actively working through right now.

MATT BORSCH: And then, just somewhat separate, as you look
at what you've got for January 1st, has this been a -- building on some
commentary, I think you gave last quarter. How would you characterize the 1/1
enrollment process for this year?

KAREN LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC.: Matt, it's Karen. From a
national perspective, as I said last quarter, we saw lighter RFP volume just
generally across the industry. We feel -- we are pleased with getting our fair
share in those new sales. We're pleased with our retention, which is in the
high 90s, but as I said, on the commercial book, we will not be showing growth
there.

It's a little bit different story on the group Medicare side,
as I had mentioned previously. We had a robust sales season, robust RFP
activity, we had strong sales there to offset one of our large losses. So we're
pleased with the strength of our value proposition in the group Medicare space
as well.

MATT BORSCH: Great, Karen, thank you.

OPERATOR: Peter Costa, Wells Fargo.

PETER COSTA, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: Thanks. I
want to talk about the government business a little bit, because a couple of
the revenue challenges you talked about the hif and the declining footprint are
both positive from an earnings point of view. So it's really the Medicaid
business contraction that's negative from an earnings point of view.

So I'd like to talk about exactly why you lost the space you
lost, how many states are still in protest at this point. And so talk about the
overall revenue loss in the Medicaid business. And in the group MA business and
that conversion, that has a significant positive impact on revenue. Can you
talk about that impact on revenue for 2017?

KAREN LYNCH: Let me just comment on the Medicaid business.
Although, we are disappointed in our recent losses, and I would tell you we are
very confident in our overall capabilities in that business, particularly, our
integrated care management model. And I think that's evidenced by some of our
recent wins in our LTSS contracts in Virginia and our Nevada Medicaid contract.

One of the things that we have done is we've done a big
analysis and robust analysis of the reasons why we lost some of those big
contracts, and I am confident that we are changing our procurement process, and
we are repositioning the way we write our RFP. So relative to the Medicaid
business, as I would say, we expect reduction in overall revenue next year from
our losses, but I think we're on a -- positioning ourselves for future wins in
that business.

PETER COSTA: Specifically, what is that revenue loss that
you're expecting for next year and what's still under protest?

SHAWN GUERTIN: The two contracts, if I put in Missouri and
Nebraska, would be about $750 million of impact next year.

KAREN LYNCH: And then (multiple speakers) Pennsylvania bid
is under protest and that's almost $1 billion in revenue.

PETER COSTA: Okay. And how do you expect the outcome of the
Pennsylvania rebid to go for you guys?

KAREN LYNCH: It's hard to say. Obviously, we put our best
foot forward relative to the rebid and we expect to know sometime between now
and the end of the year.

PETER COSTA: Okay, and then in terms of the group MA
conversion, what's the revenue impact of that? When you lose national account
lives, it's usually ASO fees, and those are becoming group MA. That's a
premium, a pretty significant premium for those lives.

KAREN LYNCH: We're not giving guidance for 2017 at this
point.

PETER COSTA: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Christine Arnold, Cowen and Company.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: Hi there, one
for each of you. First of all, when you guys announced that you are exiting a
lot of your ACA on-exchange business, you'd indicated that you were staying off
exchange. Is that still the case for a lot of counties? And what's to stop
adverse selection with your and others exiting on exchange on the off-exchange
business? And that's probably for Shawn, and then -- or Mark.

And then, Mark, do you have any idea of how we could fix the
ACA? What do you need to see to get back in?

MARK BERTOLINI: Well, Christine, we will be staying in off
exchange but in a much reduced footprint. That allows us the capability, should
the regulations and the law get right, in order to reenter exchanges. But that
probably won't be much before -- it won't be before 2019, more likely 2020.

What needs to change is largely around the risk-adjustment
mechanism. Right now, we have a risk-adjustment mechanism that has a centering
point on the average population in the pool. The population in the pool is
largely people who are too young for Medicare, chronically ill, and older. And
until that changes, the center point's probably 10% to 15% below breakeven.

So if you look at industry losses, based on the revenue
associated with it, they pretty much track to that number. So what we have in a
zero sum risk-adjustment mechanism is a mechanism that takes people who are
losing less money and taking that money and giving it to people who are losing
more money, so everybody loses the same money. And until that mechanism
changes, or until the pool substantively changes, we're going to find ourselves
in a premium spiral that's going to continue to drive rates up, good risk out,
and ultimately create a very bad risk pool for the overall mechanism.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: When you announced that you were exiting
on exchange, I thought your press release indicated, and I could be wrong, that
you were staying in the majority of your off-exchange counties and areas. Did
that change since the press release or am I misremembering?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Christine, what you have is a reduced number
of -- plus a pretty substantially reduced number of planned offerings in those
geographies, as well as a much reduced marketing presence in those geographies.
So we expect that will serve to mitigate the pressure that-- some of the
pressure that we've had there this year.

Conceptually, in any given market, could there be more
anti-selection to hit that book? Of course. This book has proven difficult to
predict over the last three years. The thing I would say is, behind our
decision-making here, this was really about risk management, and we wanted to
reduce the capital commitment behind this business. We wanted to reduce the losses,
and frankly, we wanted to reduce the variability and outcome of those losses in
terms of establishing that footprint and what the plan offerings are.

MARK BERTOLINI: So if you were to look at our off-exchange
footprint, the reason we had to announce by August 15th was that the
off-exchange markets we were withdrawing from, particularly the types of
products, would presage or inability to maintain on-exchange presence. So
that's sort of the way to look at it. Our off-exchange product offerings and
markets gave a heads up to everybody who was calling the insurance department
every month that we were going to be pulling off of on-exchange markets by
September 23rd.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: Okay. So we have a lot of markets that we
are in off exchange, but we're not talking about it; that's reduced marketing
presence and then we're going to have fewer plans. Is that the right way to
think about it?

MARK BERTOLINI: Yes.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: Okay. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Gary Taylor, JPMorgan.

GARY TAYLOR, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Hi, I just wondered if you
could maybe give us five enrollment numbers, and then I had a clarification
too. But on the enrollment, if you could just run us through ACA-compliant, on
and off exchange, individual, non-compliant individual, and then same for small
group compliant and non-compliant?

SHAWN GUERTIN: So virtually all of our individual business
is ACA-compliant. In the third quarter, we have about 775,000 members on
exchange, and about 270,000 off exchange. In terms of small group, we have
about 1 million risk members total in small group, and about 550,000 of those
are a small group ACA.

GARY TAYLOR: Got it, and then my clarification was the $350
million loss, that's a net income figure or a pretax figure?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Pretax.

GARY TAYLOR: Pretax, and that's only for the compliant
business, both on and off, which is essentially all your individual.

SHAWN GUERTIN: That's correct.

GARY TAYLOR: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Scott Fidel, Credit Suisse.

SCOTT FIDEL, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Thanks. Just wanted to
stick on small group for a second. Can you also just walk us through where you
estimate the small group margins are now going to trend for 2016, and if you
can break that out between off -- or ACA-compliant and not, that would be
great.

And then, just a follow up would be around the pricing
environment for small group for next year and how competitive you see it for
next year or not and the potential to push up the margins in the context of the
pricing for next year.

SHAWN GUERTIN: If you thought about our small group
business, you should really think about it in three blocks, if you will. There
is the 51 to 100 business that is not subject to ACA. Margin-wise that business
is fine at target margins, you may be a hair better. We also have the 2 to 50 that
is the keep what you have, that is not in the ACA yet, that business is
performing fine.

So the only one that is off is the small group ACA business,
and that business is probably running a modest pretax loss for 2016. I would
say low single digits is the way that looks right now.

The pricing question is a difficult one to answer in the
sense that if you're dealing with selection issues, as we saw this year, the
traditional pricing lever that works in stable environments doesn't always have
the desired effect. So I would say at a high level, the pricing environment has
been fine, but I think the issues with the small group ACA block require things
other than pricing in order to potentially improve the outcome there.

KAREN LYNCH: I would just comment that we continue to see a
deterioration in the risk pool for small group ACA, and although there has been
a lot of struggles in this segment, we are seeing the better risk looking at
alternatives. So we are offering alternative product funds. We also are seeing
that book move to PEOs. And the good news is we have products in both of those
areas to offer those small group ACA clients.

SCOTT FIDEL: Karen, any view on why the small group risk
pool is getting worse here? Obviously, we're not seeing the individual pool
getting any better, so we know that it's not that you're having the favorable
small group risk swap into individual. So any sense on why that pool is
deteriorating as well?

KAREN LYNCH: It is operating very similar to the individual
ACA block, and it is in certain geographies, as I've talked about before. So
it's not widespread. We're seeing it emerge. But I would say that we've got
very good, targeted strategies. So really, you have to really understand all
the risk dynamics, and we've got very good targeted strategies to address that,
including pricing.

SCOTT FIDEL: Okay, thanks.

OPERATOR: Michael Newshel, Evercore ISI.

MICHAEL NEWSHEL, ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI: Thank you, good
morning. I'd like to follow up on the changes you mentioned in the way you approach
Medicaid procurement. In your mind, is there anything about the capabilities of
your Medicaid platform that need to be fixed or enhanced? Or is the issue more
just about the way you actually write the contract and the submission in terms
of getting a good score?

KAREN LYNCH: We're really confident in our capabilities, and
our integrated care-management model is stellar. We believe it is a very strong
model, I think, as I mentioned, as evidenced by some of our recent wins, and
really I think is a fundamental process of changing the way in which we go
about procurement. And we've got leadership very focused on working that
activity.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Michael, let me support that even more, when
you think about we have consistently been able, once we have these contracts,
to deliver improved quality, lower costs and for all of you, target margins.
And I would just look at what we were able to do in Kentucky in terms of
turning that around.

Karen mentioned some independent scoring of our care model
by CMS. So when we have this business, I think it's indisputable that we have
the capabilities to create good outcomes. So going back to Karen's point, this
is a front-end procurement issue that we need to focus on.

MICHAEL NEWSHEL: And were able to make any of these changes
for your rebid in Pennsylvania?

KAREN LYNCH: Yes, we were.

MICHAEL NEWSHEL: Great thank you.

OPERATOR: Chris Rigg, Susquehanna.

CHRIS RIGG, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP: Good
morning. Just was hoping to get some additional clarification on the $350
million of losses in the individual book. I'm assuming it's split between both
the off and the on exchange, but can you give us a sense for how it's split
between the two? Is the vast majority of it in the on exchange, which I think
it is? But then more importantly, when we look to next year in the residual
off-exchange book, do you think the losses there will get worse or will they go
down? Thanks.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Two things. One is, there is a substantial
loss in that $350 million on both on and off exchange. Proportionate to the
membership, it is a bit more disproportional to the off exchange on per-member
basis, but both sides of that equation are making up large components of the
$350 million loss.

Obviously, it's our intent to decrease the loss on that
off-exchange business. The variable in that, though, is still to be played out
through the enrollment process in terms of what levels of volume we get or
don't get on that business.

MARK BERTOLINI: We used four factors to try and size our
participation for next year. One was the amount of capital at risk in any given
market. We have seen, in some states, a fairly significant shift from 2015 to
2016 in the financial performance of those businesses.

Secondly, we use the competitive frame, how many people are
in the market. When you're the last one left in the market, you get all the
risk and there isn't any risk to share.

The third was whether or not we could continue to offer a
broad enough product offering without putting that much capital at risk,
including the size of loss in any one given market. And the fourth was
regulatory framework within the market itself.

CHRIS RIGG: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Dave Windley, Jefferies.

DAVE WINDLEY, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Hi, good morning.
Thanks for taking the question. On the operating expense picture, can you
comment, perhaps, on maybe the factor or factors that have been most
contributory to your savings? Second part of that would be, to what extent has
the operating expense margin benefited from a shift in mix towards government
business? And then third, are there any, perhaps, major initiatives that are on
hold, per se, pending the Humana deal?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I'll take the first couple and then turn it
to Mark. But you're right, Dave, and we can follow up with the specifics. As
we've grown government, that has a lower expense ratio, so that's helped. But
make no mistake, we have a pretty concerted effort to improve productivity
throughout the Company that's been in place for a couple of years now. It's, in
some ways, still ramping up, but as I mentioned on a previous call, I think
you're beginning to see the fruits of that initiative this year in terms of
where we are on the maturity.

So the kinds of things we're doing through that effort are
not temporary hold-backs of spending; they are things that both improve the
quality of the end product to the customer, but also make us more efficient. So
when we grow, this is a high fixed-expense business, so we always get some form
of leverage. That has helped. This productivity initiative has also contributed
significantly to that as well.

MARK BERTOLINI: And I think it's the productivity initiative
that feeds into the integration discussion we're having with Humana. The work
we're doing is value stream Six Sigma level work, where we're taking each
business process and the employees in that process to evaluate and develop a
better customer experience. And we've seen a lot of that happen in Medicare
already, which is yielding a high outcome on our stars ratings and we continue
to move that across the business. We are not fully embedded.

As it relates to the Humana transaction, there are a number
of opportunities that we view as earlier wins for us in expanding to more
markets. However, that is not putting our own expansion efforts on hold. We
continue to do the work that we expected to do in anticipation of our plan, as
it was before we did the Humana transaction. And we are looking at some systems
investments as opportunities with Humana.

But you have a trade-off. We may get some benefits out of
the Humana acquisition in the way of technology investments, in the way of
program investments, but we're also going to have to make investments in the
Company, in Humana and fixing things like the large commercial business, et cetera.
So all of that trade-off is really a deployment of capital discussion, and
quite frankly, in the end, we're continuing to move ahead with our plan as if
the Humana acquisition didn't happen.

DAVE WINDLEY: Got it. If I could just clarify on a membership
question. So for Karen, if I understand your response to an earlier question,
the national accounts is essentially a push in terms of higher retention, but
also limited activity in new sales. And then group MA is also a push, good
sales activity offsetting a conversion. Do I understand that correctly?

KAREN LYNCH: I would say that you should see modest growth
in group Medicare, and then we'll have less attrition in national accounts than
we did last year.

DAVE WINDLEY: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Lance Wilkes, Bernstein.

LANCE WILKES, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN & CO.: Good
morning. Could you just give an update on for prior-period development? How
much of that was in the government space and Medicaid specifically? And then
related to that, strategically, what's your appetite in the Medicaid space and
what sort of capabilities would you be looking at if you were to ultimately do
some strategic capital deployment there?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Lance, we don't disclose specifically
prior-period development and/or even by product. What I would tell you is that
all three of our major product lines, commercial, Medicare, and Medicaid all
experienced favorable developments in the quarter, with that mainly being
attributable to second quarter.

Again, the Medicaid discussion is one that goes back to our
prior discussion, which is from a core capability standpoint in terms of when
we have these contracts, I think our track record is actually very good in
terms of the results. So this continues to be about the procurement side of
this, and we're certainly going to attack that organically because we think
it's something that we can and should be able to fix.

LANCE WILKES: Great, and if you are looking at any of the
capabilities on the LTC side or some of the PBM aspects of that, are there any
of those that you feel are lacking?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Certainly our LTSS performance actually even
in procurement to some extent, but even the business we have has actually been
very good. So not -- I probably would say not at this level of discussion, I
couldn't think of anything there.

KAREN LYNCH: I would just echo Shawn's comments there. I
think our underlying performance of our capabilities is strong in our Medicaid
business.

LANCE WILKES: Great, thanks.

OPERATOR: Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN FISCHBECK, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Great, thanks.
Sorry about that earlier. Two questions, first, it sounds like the individual
business has gotten worse, but your exiting a lot of the markets. Would you say
that the deterioration is more skewed towards the business you're staying in or
the business that you're leaving?

SHAWN GUERTIN: It is worse, and I would say that it's
difficult to say whether off of one quarter; I wouldn't want to make a
directional comment out of this. I think we still feel -- Mark described the
framework before that we used to assess this from a business perspective, and
that framework was really more of an enterprise risk-management framework than
it was a market-by-market seriatim build up.

So I think looking at it today, I think we still feel good
about trying to stay in the box that we established for next year. Having said
that, we really need to go through the enrollment process and see how each of
these markets on and off exchange play out.

MARK BERTOLINI: Remember, we're still working off of
[Wakely] data, which is incomplete and has a lot of potential movement in it.
So these are estimates, still, at this point in time.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: And then you mentioned before that
obviously, you're not going to be able to get rid of all of the exchange
losses. But if we said that you were going to exit, call it 70% of your
revenue, and let's just you'd assume it meant 70% of the losses on the
exchanges, are you talking about the fact that you're going to keep 30% of the
losses or that even on that 70% of the losses, those don't all go away because
of fixed cost? How do we -- if it's the latter, how do we think about the
retaining of the fixed-cost infrastructure?

MARK BERTOLINI: Until we see the enrollment, we're not
really going to get too far with assessing what the loss will be. We made
estimates off of the current book of business, which by the way, turned over
almost 55% this last year. We had a certain frame of competitors in each
market, which has already changed. More people where people have left the
exchanges since we have. And so until we get a look at what the membership
looks like, we're not going to be really be able to nail the number with any
degree of certainty.

We certainly did it to reduce, fairly dramatically, the
amount of capital we had at risk and the amount of losses we would sustain.
Negative returns on invested capital are not sustainable over the long term,
and so we try to reduce both.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: Maybe just last question. Throughout the
year, it sounds like the government business has made up for the fact that
there's some pressure on the ACA-compliant businesses throughout the year. You
still characterize both Medicaid and Medicare as in your target margin ranges.
Would it be fair to say that they're now at the higher end of that range?
Trying to think about directionally, would we expect [mean reversion] in the
government book next year or are we right where you would expect?

MARK BERTOLINI: Well, if you look at how we've deployed the
health insurance fee change, we have a number of markets that are at the MLR
limit. So we were able to give those more in benefits and to preserve margins
in the business, but they're only so far you can go. So that should help our
growth come January 1st.

There are other markets where we were not necessarily
performing up to oil and we had to correct those. All in all, what we tried to
do was make sure that we weren't having to pay rebates, that we made sure that
we gave those back in benefits to seniors. We preserved margins, and we kept as
many zero-premium plans as possible.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: Okay, great. Thanks.

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Kevin. A transcript of the
prepared portion this call will be posted shortly on investor information section
of Aetna.com, where you will also find a copy of our updated guidance summary
containing details of our guidance metrics, including those that were unchanged
or not discussed on this call. If you have any questions about matters
discussed this morning, please feel free to call me in the investor relations
office. Thank you for joining us this morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102716a5916528.728










 EXECUTIVES (93%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); CONFERENCES
& CONVENTIONS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (88%); FINANCIAL
RESULTS (77%); COMPANY REVENUES (73%)










  AETNA INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (72%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (71%);

JEFFERIES LLC (71%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (58%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%)










 AET (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (90%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(72%); JPM (NYSE) (57%); JPM (LSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (94%)










 UNITED STATES (79%)










 April 18, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
2, 2016 Tuesday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 9173 words

Corporate Participants

* Joe Krocheski

. - VP of IR

* Mark Bertolini

. - Chairman and CEO

* Shawn Guertin

. - CFO

* Karen Lynch

. - President

Conference Call Participants

* Justin Lake

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Josh Raskin

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* AJ Rice

UBS - Analyst

* Matthew Borsch

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Peter Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Kevin Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Gary Taylor

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Christine Arnold

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Andy Schenker

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Chris Rigg

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

* Dave Windley

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* Scott Fidel

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Sarah James

Wedbush Securities - Analyst

* Lance Wilkes

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. - Analyst

* Ana Gupte

Leerink Partners - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Michelle and I will be
your conference facilitator today. At this time I'd like to welcome everyone to
Aetna's second-quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would
now like to turn the conference over to Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Mr. Krocheski, you may begin.

JOE KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC.: Good morning and thank
you for joining Aetna's second-quarter 2016 earnings call and webcast. This is
Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna. And with me this
morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Bertolini and
Chief Financial Officer Shawn Guertin. Following the prepared portion of the
remarks, we will answer your questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President, will
also join us for the Q&A session.

As a reminder, during this call we will make forward-looking
statements. Risk factors that may impact those statements and could cause
actual future results to differ materially from currently projected results are
described in this morning's press release and the reports we file with the SEC.

We have also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
measures in our guidance summary, which is available on the investor
information section of aetna.com.

Finally, as you know, our ability to respond to certain
inquiries from investors and analysts in non-public forums is limited, so we
invite you to ask all questions of a material nature on this call. With that, I
will turn the call over to Mark Bertolini. Mark?

MARK BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AETNA INC.: Good morning.
Thank you, Joe. And thank you all for joining us today. This morning Aetna
reported second-quarter operating earnings of $2.21 per share, an 8% increase
over the second quarter of 2015.

Underlying our solid second-quarter performance, we grew
operating revenue by 5% to nearly $16 billion. Our non-ACA commercial insured
products performed consistent with our expectations.

Our commercial fee-based businesses remain strong and
exceeded our previous projections. Operating results in our government business
continue to be robust and performed better than projected. We have continued to
drive operating efficiencies, as evidenced by our 17.1% adjusted operating
expense ratio.

We achieved high single-digit pre-tax operating margins,
consistent with our long-term target. And we grew operating earnings by 8%. The
strong performance in our core business more than offset the significant
pressure in our ACA individual products.

In short, we are pleased with our second-quarter and
first-half results. They are representative of the rigor with which we operate
our businesses and the value of a diversified portfolio in delivering solid
bottom-line results.

As we look forward to the remainder of 2016, we continue to
expect strong operating performance despite pressure from ACA products. Based
on our results year to date, we remain confident in our operating EPS
projection of $7.90 to $8.10 per share.

In a few moments, Shawn will provide a more detailed review
of our second quarter results and current outlook, but first I would like to
provide an update on our proposed acquisition of Humana, as well as share with
you some of our second-quarter highlights.

Beginning with Humana, the combination of Aetna and Humana
will benefit consumers, particularly those eligible for Medicare. We believe
that the combination of these two complementary companies will meaningfully
benefit the people we serve by: enabling us to create more attractive and
affordable products and services, enhancing our ability to help expand
value-based care delivery where providers are paid for the quality of the care
they provide and not just the quantity of services performed, and accelerating
our evolution to a more consumer-centric company that can provide simpler
solutions and engaging tools to help people achieve their individual health
goals.

As most of you are aware, we are in the process of defending
the Justice Department lawsuit to block our proposed acquisition of Humana. The
DOJ action ignores the simple fact that there is robust competition in
Medicare, as evidenced by all Medicare eligibles are free to choose between
traditional fee-for-service and Medicare Advantage, and approximately 70% of
the Medicare-eligible population chooses traditional Medicare.

A total of 178 Medicare Advantage organizations offer plans
with 28 new organizations entering MA in the last three years alone. 91% of
Medicare beneficiaries have access to at least five Medicare Advantage options.
And healthcare is delivered locally, and regulators in 18 of 20 states have
already approved the transaction.

Finally, as the Justice Department states in its complaint,
Congress created Medicare Advantage in 1997 to offer seniors a market-based
alternative to traditional Medicare. This is consistent with a market definition
that includes both traditional Medicare and Medicare advantage and the
presentation on the government's Medicare.gov website of options available to
newly eligible beneficiaries. Consequently, we don't believe divestitures
should be required at all.

However, after reviewing bids from significant industry
players, this morning we announced that we and Humana have executed agreements
with Molina to sell certain of our respective Medicare Advantage assets. We
believe that, taken together, these divestitures would address the DOJ's
perceived competitive concerns regarding Medicare Advantage.

Shifting to our second-quarter highlights, our commercial
fee-based businesses performed well on the second quarter. Fee yields remained
healthy and pharmacy results were strong, driving better than projected
operating earnings.

As we look forward to the 2017 selling season for large ASC
accounts, the RFP pipeline looks more modest than last year, with fewer cases
out to bid. While we expect our 2017 new sales to reflect this pipeline, we are
encouraged by our retention efforts this year and project better retention in
our commercial ASC membership in 2017 compared to this year.

In our commercial insured business, our large group products
are performing generally consistent with our pricing assumptions. However, as
Shawn will discuss in more detail, our ACA small group and individual products
continue to be challenged by deterioration of the risk pool and an ineffective
risk adjustment mechanism. As it relates to these challenges, let me take a few
moments to provide an update on our public exchange strategy.

Our strategy has always been to participate on the exchanges
in a manner that will allow us to gain enough membership to learn how best to
provide affordable health care coverage for previously uninsured Americans. At
the same time, we are committed to being good stewards of our balance sheet and
managing the financial risk and level of investment associated with this
opportunity.

In light of the disappointing year-to-date performance and
updated 2016 projections for our individual on- and off-exchange products,
combined with significant structural challenges facing the public exchanges, we
believe it is only prudent to reassess our level of participation on the public
exchanges. Our initial action will be to withdraw our 2017 public exchange
expansion plans. Additionally, given the deadline to attest to our final rate
filings for 2017, we are also undertaking a complete evaluation of our current
exchange footprint as the poor performance of these products warrants such an
analysis.

Moving on to our government business, our government
business is having another strong year. We grew to serve nearly 0.5 million
additional medical members over the past 12 months. We generated over 15%
year-over-year growth in government premiums for the quarter, and we generated
operating margins consistent with our targeted range.

More specifically, our Medicare business is currently on
pace to have another solid year of operating performance driven by strong
membership growth. The investments we have made in our value-based care models
for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries helped to drive the strong financial
performance.

These type of value-based care models have demonstrated
performance improvements for the Medicare beneficiaries we serve. For example,
for calendar year 2015, beneficiaries in our value-based models achieved
improvements in clinical quality, including breast and colorectal cancer
screening rates and diabetes control.

In all, members in these arrangements outperformed
populations in non-value-based models on a majority of clinical quality
measures. Encouraged by these results, we are pursuing a robust pipeline of
additional value-based provider contracts in conjunction with our broader
population health strategy.

Additionally we made good progress during the quarter toward
our goal of helping the people we serve achieve more healthy days through our
broader provider collaboration strategy. Specifically, in May we announced the
creation of a jointly owned health plan company in partnership with Texas
Health Resources, one of the leading healthcare provider systems in Texas. The
combination of Texas Health's high-quality providers and investment in
population health management, with Aetna's health plan expertise, care
management capabilities and analytical insights, will provide the people of
northern Texas with more affordable, high-quality and better coordinated care.

This joint venture is just one of the provider collaborations
we entered into in the quarter across the spectrum of value-based care models.
With over 40% of our medical costs now flowing through these value-based care
models we are well positioned to achieve our goal of 75% by 2020.

In summary, we are pleased with our first-half 2016
performance. I want to thank our employees for their efforts in delivering
another strong quarter for Aetna and our shareholders, as well as all of those
employees of both Aetna and Humana who have been working tirelessly to close
our transaction and deliver a successful integration. With our second-quarter
results I am confident we have the right vision to lead in the changing
healthcare marketplace, we can continue to execute on our differentiated
strategy, and we can achieve our 2016 operating EPS projection of $7.90 to
$8.10.

I will now turn the call over to Shawn who will provide
additional insight into our second-quarter results and our current 2016
outlook. Shawn?

SHAWN GUERTIN, CFO, AETNA INC.: Thank you, Mark, and good
morning, everyone. Earlier today we reported second-quarter 2016 operating
earnings of $783 million and operating earnings per share of $2.21. Aetna's
operating results continue to be supported by strong top-line growth, cash
flow, and operating margins. I will begin with some comments on overall
performance.

We ended the quarter with 23 million medical members,
essentially flat with the first quarter of the year. We grew operating revenue
by 5% over the prior year to a record quarterly level of nearly $16 billion,
driven by higher healthcare premium yields and membership growth in our
government business, partially offset by membership declines in our commercial
insured projects.

From an operating margin perspective, our businesses are
performing quite well. Our pretax operating margin was 8.9%, a very strong
result and consistent with the high end of our target operating margin range.
Our second-quarter total health medical benefit ratio was 82.4%, a 130 basis
point year-over-year increase, driven primarily by performance in our
individual commercial products and lower favorable development of prior-period
healthcare cost estimates in our government business.

Our adjusted operating expense ratio was 17.1%, a 120 basis
point improvement over the second quarter of 2015. This year-over-year
improvement speaks to our strong commitment to drive productivity improvements
and our disciplined focus on managing our operating costs as we continue to
grow our top line.

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the
adequacy of our reserves. We experienced favorable prior-period reserve
development in the quarter across all of our core products, primarily
attributable to first-quarter 2016 dates of service. Our reserve growth
exceeded our premium growth in the quarter and on a year-over-year basis.

Additionally, days claims payable remain at a healthy level,
standing at 56 days at the end of the quarter. The sequential decline of
approximately one day is consistent with the expected improvement in claim
processing speeds as processing times improved from the elevated levels of the
first quarter. Note that our days claims payable has increased by over four
days as compared to the prior-year quarter.

Turning to cash flow and capital, year-to-date offering cash
flows have been strong. Healthcare and group insurance operating cash flows
were approximately 1.5 times operating earnings. We did not repurchase any
shares during the quarter due to the proposed Humana acquisition. However, we
did return $88 million to shareholders through our quarterly shareholder
dividends.

In short, we are pleased with our second-quarter results and
the continued successful execution of our growth strategy. I will now discuss
the key drivers of our second-quarter performance in greater detail.

Beginning with our government business where we continue to
experience strong momentum, our government medical benefit ratio was 81.4%, an
excellent result and favorable to our previous projections. We grew medical
membership by nearly 100,000 members in the quarter including growth of 12,000
in Medicare advantage, 25,000 in Medicare supplement, and 61,000 in Medicaid.

As a result of the strong medical membership growth, we grew
our second-quarter 2016 government premiums by over 15% compared to the prior-year
period, achieving a record $6.6 billion. Government premiums now represent
nearly 50% of our total healthcare premiums, and this business continues to
perform at a very high level.

Turning to our commercial business, our commercial fee-based
businesses are performing well. We grew our fee revenue in the quarter as
compared to the same period last year. And margins remained healthy, driving
year-over-year operating earnings growth that exceeded our previous
projections.

In our commercial insured products, membership declined by
roughly 125,000 members in the quarter, driven by attrition in our individual
and small group membership, largely consistent with our expectations. Our
commercial medical benefit ratio was 83.4% for the quarter. This result was
higher than expected as a result of the performance of our ACA individual
products. The performance of our non-ACA commercial products was consistent
with our previous expectations.

Looking more deeply at our ACA individual products, we can
now see that our 2016 population, of which roughly half are new members, have a
distinctly higher level of morbidity than our 2015 population. This resulted in
higher medical costs in the quarter than previously projected.

Our second-quarter performance was also negatively impacted
by updated estimates related to the 3Rs, including amounts related to
prior-year dates of service. As a result of these two items, we no longer
project we will achieve breakeven in our individual products in 2016 and have
established a premium deficiency reserve in the second quarter of $65 million
related to second-half 2016 projected performance.

The combination of all of these factors contributed to an
approximate and $200 million pretax operating loss in the second quarter in our
individual products. As Mark mentioned earlier, in response to our updated view
of these products, we are reassessing our public exchange approach for 2017 as
part of our broader action plan to improve the financial performance of our
individual ACA products.

Moving on to our small group insured products, pretax
operating earnings in the quarter were largely in line with our previous
projections. However, this result reflects a favorable risk adjustment update
from CMS related to 2015 that largely offset higher than projected medical
costs. The higher than projected medical costs were almost entirely driven by
our ACA small group products and are a function of the continued degradation of
the risk pool in certain states.

As you know, our previous projections incorporated
improvements in pretax operating margins in our small group products in 2016,
particularly in our ACA products. While we continue to believe we will improve
our small group pretax operating margins in 2016, we project the underlying
pressure on medical costs in our ACA small group products will persist for the
full year, limiting our ability to achieve all of the 2016 targeted
improvement.

For 2016, our non-ACA commercial pricing incorporated a
moderate increase to medical cost trends. Based on year-to-date results, we
believe that our non-ACA commercial insured products are performing consistent
with this expectation. As a result, we continue to project that our 2016
non-ACA commercial medical cost trend will be in the range of 6% to 7%. While
disappointed by the performance of our ACA products in the quarter, the strong
performance of our core business more than offset these ACA results.

Moving on to the balance sheet, our financial position,
capital structure and liquidity all continue to be very strong. At June 30, we
had a debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately 54%, which reflects
the debt financing we completed in June to fund a portion of our pending Humana
acquisition.

Looking at cash and investments at the parent, we started
the quarter with approximately $970 million. Net subsidiary dividends to the
parent were $1.2 billion. We paid a shareholder dividend of approximately $88
million. And, after other uses, and excluding the funds raised from our debt
financing in June, we ended the quarter with approximately $2.1 billion of cash
at the parent. Including the funds from the June debt financing, we ended the
quarter with approximately $15 billion at the parent.

Our basic share count was approximately 351 million at June
30. Based on our year-to-date performance we are affirming our 2016 operating
earnings-per-share guidance of $7.90 to $8.10 per share. This reflects the
strong performance in our core business, particularly our government business,
and our continued focus on operating costs, offset by our updated underwriting
margin projections for our ACA products.

Our current 2016 guidance is influenced by the following
additional drivers. Based on our second-quarter membership results, we continue
to project that our year-end medical membership will be approximately 23
million members, as growth in government membership over the remainder of the
year is largely offset by declines in commercial insured membership, including
continued attrition within our individual products.

We now project that operating revenue will be approximately
$63 billion in 2016. We now project that our full-year total health medical
benefit ratio will be in the range of 82% to 82.5%. The increase from our
previous projection is driven by our updated view of our ACA products.

Based on our improved outlook on adjusted operating revenue
and continued cost control initiatives, we now project that our operating
expense ratio will be approximately 18%. We continue to project pretax
operating margin to be at least 8%, consistent with our high single-digit
target. We continue to project operating earnings of approximately $2.8
billion. Finally, we continue to project excess cash flow to the parent of up
to $2.4 billion.

In closing, we are encouraged that the strength of results
in our core businesses has been powerful enough to absorb the disappointing
performance in our ACA products. Specifically, our Medicare business in both
group and individual continues to deliver strong top-line and bottom-line
results and is performing ahead of our previous projections.

Our fee-based businesses continue to produce strong margin
and operating profit growth. Our core non ACA commercial insured business
remains healthy and is performing consistent with expectations. And, finally,
our strong focus on expenses is delivering operating cost efficiencies that are
tracking ahead of our initial projections for the year.

I will now turn the call back over to Joe. Joe?

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna management team
is now ready for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question
so as many individuals as possible have an opportunity to ask their questions.
Operator, the first question please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: Justin Lake, Wolfe Research.

JUSTIN LAKE, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: First, in terms of the
divestitures to Molina, given their relative lack of experience in Medicare
Advantage, I was hoping you could share what type of infrastructure assistance,
like network, brand, and stars you are providing within the deal structure to
convince regulators Molina can be a strong competitor post the purchase.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Sure. As part of the agreement, we will
obviously be providing transition services, which would include network
continuity. And this will allow for hopefully a seamless experience for the
member to continue in the network they are and give time, obviously, for Molina
to ramp up what they will need eventually to take over the business. So, that
has been fully contemplated in the business.

Again, they do have some experience in Medicare Advantage
through the special needs plans and through some of the duals plans. But we
really thought about how to do this as smoothly as possible in the form of some
transition services agreements.

JUSTIN LAKE: Okay. And then, Shawn, clearly the business is
operating well and offsetting the disappointing ACA results. I was just hoping
whether you could tell us whether there are any one-time positives that are
helping to mitigate here. Or can we take 2016 results and add back the
individual losses to get the core earnings power for Aetna going into 2017?

SHAWN GUERTIN: A couple things. As I mentioned, on the small
group ACA business, we did get a prior-year pickup on risk adjustment. So, that
was certainly something that came from 2015. I would tell you, though, that on
individual, we had a number of things that then went the other way, and the net
around all three Rs is somewhat of a wash.

I would be a little careful doing that at this juncture in
terms of projecting for next year. There is always issues with expense
structure behind these products and things like that that you need to think
through. But certainly it would be our intent to improve this result for 2017.

JUSTIN LAKE: Great. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Josh Raskin, Barclays Capital.

JOSH RASKIN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: The divestiture
package that you proposed or that you've announced with Molina, was that
previously proposed to the DOJ or is this something new to them? And how does
that factor into what you think the potential trial date could be?

MARK BERTOLINI: Josh, the form of it has been in front of
the DOJ before with a number of other parties that were seeking to acquire the
full book of business. In response to a number of issues that were outlined by
the Department of Justice in their complaint, we decided that Molina was the
best opportunity, but we had to update the divestiture to meet the specific
requirements that were outlined in the Department of Justice's complaint.

JOSH RASKIN: Okay. So, Mark, it sounds like the DOJ, in your
mind, has had time to vet and do the diligence and interview, et cetera, the
potential buyer in this case?

MARK BERTOLINI: I would say they have done their homework

JOSH RASKIN: And then, second -- apparently they didn't have
your answer sheet. The second question, just on the total ACA book, individual
and small group, if you think about the total losses that are being absorbed in
2016, one, what is the incremental amount relative to your previous
expectations? I think it was breakeven so I think it is all incremental. And,
two, if you were to exit exchanges, would that simply clear all of this up or
are there some other costs that would stay with the Company?

MARK BERTOLINI: It is all incremental. We expect the year to
have a loss on ACA business of in excess of $300 million. We are evaluating our
footprint at is exists today, to understand what solutions we can put forward
to either fix the business or exit the business. So, we're going through that
analysis now. As you know, there's a short window to divestitures.

But the solutions here are really two. First, let me make
the comment that the people that are seeking care through these exchange
products need this care. These are not people running off to get services that
they don't need. These are people that need the care that they are getting.

What we're seeing in the exchanges is double-digit trend
year over year, overall. You can double that when you talk about pharmacy, and
you can triple that initial number when you talk about specialty pharmacy.

So, we have two very important things going on in the
exchanges here. First, we now believe we have third parties paying premiums for
special interest groups, both in small group and individual, that are
supporting people getting access to these services. And because of that, while
we have the same demographic mix in this population, we have a much higher
intensity and morbidity in that population, largely around specialty pharmacy.

So, given that the current risk adjustment mechanism does
not include pharmacy, nobody is getting adequately reimbursed. And given that
the risk adjustment mechanism is a zero sum game, there's no way to fix this
unless we include pharmacy, we deal with the eligibility requirements of
third-party payers paying premium, and we find a way to cover these
individuals. Again, these people need this care and it's appropriate that they
get it. But it's really about how the system works.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Josh, let me just clarify for you and
everyone else to just where these numbers are, because there is a lot things
moving around. As I mentioned in my remarks, on individual ACA we booked a
pretax loss of about $200 million for the second quarter. The number Mark
mentioned, north of $300 million pretax, that is our outlook for the year for
the individual ACA business for the full year. That was obviously a business
that we had been trying to get closer to breakeven, so you can really think
about that total swing as a swing from where we've been.

Small group continues to be profitable overall and we had
wanted to see some improvement there, particularly in the ACA business. So, we
are better year over year from an earnings perspective in small group, but just
not as much as we had originally incorporated into our thinking for this year.

JOSH RASKIN: Okay. That is perfect. Thank you guys.

OPERATOR: AJ Rice, UBS.

AJ RICE, ANALYST, UBS: Obviously there are some moving parts
here, but your updated MLR guidance of 82% to 82.5%, you are 81.5%, if I've got
the calculation right, in the first half. So, you are assuming some
deterioration in the back half, but the first half includes of the PDR and the
exchange drag. I know seasonality is a factor. Are there anything else that we
should think about as we move from first half to back half and think about
putting this all together?

SHAWN GUERTIN: There's a couple things, and you're on to the
most important issue, which is the strain in both the ACA individual and small
group products tends to worsen as the seasonality of the year intensifies. So,
there is some degradation in our forecast. And I'll go back, as well, in the
quarter in small group we did benefit from getting the 2015 risk adjuster
update. Without that we would have seen more pressure in the second quarter.

So, what you're seeing is that pressure continuing on in the
appropriate seasonal progression for the rest of the year. So you have that
clearly creating pressure. And, as I mentioned, the government MBR, though, is
helping and is better. The fee-based businesses are helping and they are
better. Our non-ACA commercial business is consistent with expectations through
the rest of the year.

AJ RICE: Okay. And then Mark's comments about what the
problems with the exchanges are don't suggest that there's much geographic
diversity, but I did want to just check that and see, as you are painting the
picture, is it bad across the board? Can you see areas where it is actually
working okay? And if it is working okay in some areas, what is driving that?

KAREN LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC.: We do have geographic
variation in both our individual and small group ACA business. What I think is
working, where it is working, is where we have very tight, narrow networks
where we are effectively managing our medical costs. What Mark described relative
to the third party, we see that in various geographies, as well. That's putting
pressure on us in some of the markets.

AJ RICE: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.

OPERATOR: Matthew Borsch, Goldman Sachs.

MATTHEW BORSCH, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Maybe I could just
pick up on a question that I believe Justin asked, which is, on your planned
divestitures to Molina, can you just elaborate further how you would help them
to sustain the Medicare Advantage business in those markets or how you think
they would do that? The backdrop here is their management having said at
various points in the past, or at least somewhat recently, that they did not
plan to be in regular retail Medicare Advantage. I didn't know if there is
something special about this enrollment that you are planning to divest. Could
you just give us a little more detail on that?

MARK BERTOLINI: I think we will let Molina speak for their
abilities to deal with this. But I can tell you, we have a transition service
agreement in place for an appropriate amount of time, not too long, not too
short -- they will outline more of that -- that covers the network, covers the
administrative services, and allows the stars to transfer over.

SHAWN GUERTIN: And we have every intention, obviously, to
treat this business just the same way we would treat our ongoing business
throughout this process. And, again, this is all designed to provide a scenario
of minimal disruption to the consumer.

MATTHEW BORSCH: Got it. And just as a follow-up, you talked
about outperformance yourselves in Medicare Advantage. Did you see any Medicaid
rate pressure or margin pressure as a result of the resets this year?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Clearly Kentucky has been a market that, as
the rates have been now reset for a period of time. So if you thought about
that year over year, you would certainly have that as one of the markets.
That's probably the most notable one. There are always oscillations from
quarter to quarter but that would be the real meaningful one.

MATTHEW BORSCH: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Peter Costa, Wells Fargo.

PETER COSTA, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: Thanks.
Can you talk about, you mentioned the retention in the ASO business for 2017
being a little bit better. Do you actually expect the ASO business to grow next
year, or flat, or decline? Can you give us an overall picture of what that will
be?

And then in terms of looking at the ACA individual business
for 2017, you talked about reevaluating it. Are you saying that you're actually
going to actually re-evaluate before September and you may exit some of the 15
states you are in now?

MARK BERTOLINI: On the second part, Peter -- and I'll let
Karen answer the first -- we are evaluating all of our exchange footprint, and
we are doing it within a timeline that allows us to react well before September
23.

KAREN LYNCH: And on the national account business, what I
would say is, the pipeline as it has matured was lower than last year, so we
aren't going to expect sales as robustly as we saw in 2016. We are encouraged
by our retention efforts to date. And what I would say is we are still actively
engaged in bids, so it's something that we are assessing. I wouldn't expect to
grow in 2017 on the national account space.

PETER COSTA: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN FISCHBECK, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Thanks. I just
want to understand a little bit the commentary about exchanges for next year.
What does it mean to you to be appropriate for evaluating participation? Is it
of you getting to breakeven next year? Do you have to be profitable next year?
And does this impact at all the negotiation discussions you have had around the
Humana merger agreement about staying in or getting out of the exchanges?

MARK BERTOLINI: Kevin, this is really a balance sheet
discussion and what happens to our capital and how big the loss could get.
Unless some of these issues are addressed around eligibility and the risk
adjustment, this could get a lot worse.

So, we have to evaluate each market by its level of
volatility, the other competitors, our amount of share in that market, and
whether or not it is appropriate for us to take that risk absent any other
changes in the program. So, that is the sole evaluation around our exchange
footprint.

Obviously as it relates to the other discussion with the
Department of Justice, all of this material goes into a review of markets as
they have reviewed, and that is a separate conversation from our evaluation of
how we think about the exchanges going forward.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: Okay. And then just to clarify the comment
that you made about this divestiture package and how you came to an assumption
that this would be the best structure to address the issues that the DOJ
brought up in their complaint, how different is this package versus what you
had presented to the DOJ before they decided to pursue a lawsuit?

MARK BERTOLINI: That I would not want to comment on at this
point in time. I think this is something that is now in front of a judge and we
want to be careful about how we talk about this. As scintillating as all the
legal theory may be -- and, believe me, we have had our share of it -- it is
something that we need to put in front of the judge and let him decide.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: Okay, great. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Gary Taylor, JPMorgan.

GARY TAYLOR, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Good morning. I was
wondering if you could comment on the duration of the changes in service
agreement with Molina, how long that would be?

MARK BERTOLINI: Maybe, Shawn, you could comment on it.

SHAWN GUERTIN: It would depend on some of the timing of the
ultimate close. It could be through 2017 and if the close was later it could
extend into 2018. Again, the buyer, if they are ready sooner than that, always
has the option to assume full responsibility and exit that transition service
agreement for certain markets when they are ready. But ultimately it will be a
byproduct of the timing of close.

GARY TAYLOR: Okay. When we look at the price per member
here, $400 per member, which is quite low versus historic deals, what does it say
about the profitability of this group of lives? And what does it say about
Molina's realistic expectations of retaining this membership through an open
enrollment period?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I won't get into the specifics right now but
I will tell you this is a profitable book of business. The valuation that
you're citing is a per member valuation ex any capital. So, keep that in mind.
I'm not sure what you are comparing it to. Typically people talk about the
bigger numbers but they include the regulatory capital. That number is ex any
capital.

GARY TAYLOR: And then last question, ACA individual book,
you are now saying lose $300 million pretax versus your previous expectation to
get to break even this year. Yet the PDR is only $65 million. I just wanted to
understand that. And I wanted to confirm, it implies ACA individual be roughly
a negative 10% pretax margin for the year.

SHAWN GUERTIN: That is a little high, but we are up into
certainly the high single digits now as a margin for the full year. And, again,
keep in mind when you compare this to some of the other larger numbers you've
heard, this is only for six months. While we have been in a loss position in
2014 and 2015, we have not been in as deep a loss position as others have been.

You now probably are all experts in how the PDRs are
calculated. You don't count all of the SG&A expenses so it tends to be a
fraction of what your period losses would actually be on a fully reported
basis.

GARY TAYLOR: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Christine Arnold, Cowen.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: I am hoping we
could talk a little bit, recognizing that you fully plan to close the deal, are
you willing to talk about a plan B if the transaction doesn't happen -- how
much capital you have, what kinds of deployment of capital you are thinking
about, what kind of growth rates you are thinking about in terms of Aetna
standalone and other opportunities?

MARK BERTOLINI: First of all, Christine, we think we're
going to get the deal done, we believe we're going to get the deal done. But it
would be irresponsible for us not to have a plan B in place and to understand
all of the levers we could pull. We have reviewed the financial aspects of that
with our Board but have not finished all the various market impacts and growth
rates, et cetera, on the plan.

I think our long-term strategy is still our long-term
strategy. The Humana combination allows us to get at certain assets in certain
markets sooner than we otherwise would if we had to build it or buy it in other
ways. So, our view is that we get the deal done, we have a plan B on the
sideline, our long-term strategy doesn't change, and we have already
reconsidered all of the capital redeployment. It is too early to go there. We
are focused on getting our deal done.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: And if the deal doesn't go through, how
much of the transaction costs actually go away? Do 100% of the transaction
costs that you've got below the line go away? Or is some of that -- your time,
Shawn's time, the accounting department's time -- how do I think about ongoing
SG&A standalone?

SHAWN GUERTIN: The easiest way to think about it is there
would be a bit of a wind-down, but they would go away. We are not putting
pieces, for example, of my time below the line. Those would be people who are
fully dedicated to either work on the transaction and work on integration.
Those people were taken from other jobs and they would go back likely to those
jobs. So, eventually those would go away after a wind-down period.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Andy Schenker, Morgan Stanley.

ANDY SCHENKER, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Medicare Advantage
continues to be strong. So, maybe if you can discuss your positioning for next
year given your bids. And you continue to say you're within target margins. Are
you looking for margin expansion next year or membership growth excluding
divestitures? And then related to that, how have conversations been developing
on the group MA side? Thank you.

MARK BERTOLINI: Let me speak to next year. I think we see a
less than 100 basis point deterioration in the funding for Medicare Advantage,
which we believe we can solve given the levers that we have to pull in multiple
markets.

As it relates to margin, it depends on the market. Medicare
Advantage is local. It is a local market discussion. We have some markets that
are at top margins and other markets that are performing under and we'll
continue to work on all those markets to improve it.

We continue to see good opportunities for growth,
particularly with our star ratings, and expect that we will be able to continue
to grow the top line on the book of business. So, I think we are in a good
place.

ANDY SCHENKER: And then for group, are you seeing, since the
changes came out, any material conversations with some of your group clients
about private exchanges or anything else?

KAREN LYNCH: Relative to group, we have seen a very strong
pipeline. We feel good about our prospects on the group Medicare side. We grew
membership in 2015, we grew membership in 2016, we expect to have some modest
growth in 2017, as well.

ANDY SCHENKER: Okay. And then just lastly here, PPRD on the
roll forward table is still quite strong, though in the release you suggested
government was lower, as you had called out previously. Does that mean
commercial was better? Maybe if you could talk about some of the trends you saw
in prior period reserve development. Thank you.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes, it was across the board. And, again,
that comment, I believe, in the press release is a year-over-year,
quarter-to-quarter view as opposed to did you get prior year or not. When you
look at the roll forward, and when you look at the things like minimum MBR
accruals which offset some of that prior-year development, it was probably
worth around $0.10 in the quarter going back to last year.

ANDY SCHENKER: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Chris Rigg, Susquehanna Financial Group.

CHRIS RIGG, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP: I just
wanted to clarify some of your comments earlier, Mark, on Molina. You said that
the DOJ had done their homework on Molina. But at the same time, obviously,
they've thus far rejected the remedies that you've proposed. So, do you know
whether the DOJ views Molina as a suitable buyer, or that's still up in the
air?

MARK BERTOLINI: That is not something I could comment on.
This will be in front of the judge to review. So, I think that's a further
conversation that will continue to be had.

CHRIS RIGG: Okay. And then, Shawn, I believe you said in
your prepared remarks roughly half your ACA compliant members are new to Aetna.
Did I hear that correctly? And then you talked about the morbidity being worse
now than what you expected earlier in the year. Is the morbidity worse in the
new members only or is it across the board? Thanks.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes, that statement, half that was specific
to our individual membership. And the morbidity degradation is across the
board, both existing but also particularly in the new members that we have.

CHRIS RIGG: Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Dave Windley, Jefferies.

DAVE WINDLEY, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Thanks for taking my
questions. Gentlemen, do you view the Molina divestiture package as the
complete response to the DOJ's concerns or should we expect that there might be
another transaction announced?

SHAWN GUERTIN: We think it responds in total to the DOJ's
perceived issues around individual Medicare Advantage.

DAVE WINDLEY: And did you consider divestiture of businesses
that would obviate the need for these interim transition services agreements?
And, if so, why were those not feasible?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I'm not sure I understand your question,
Dave. Could you explain it a little bit more?

DAVE WINDLEY: Divesting a plan or a business with brand,
with network, with contracts, et cetera, in place, where the acquirer is buying
all of that in a package. That essentially the member stays with the product
and with the plan and with the network that they are on under you, they would
transition all of that to the buyer. Is that not feasible?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Effectively, a lot of these things are not in
clean legal entities that allow that sort of neat separation that you are
describing. But effectively the transition service agreement provides exactly
what you are describing in terms of brand continuity, service continuity,
network continuity. So, effectively that is exactly what the consumer will
experience.

DAVE WINDLEY: Okay. Just last question, switching gears, the
efficiencies that you have talked about on the G&A front are pretty
significant. Could you talk about some of the sources of those savings? I think
you're seeing some absolute dollar declines in G&A there. Thank you.

SHAWN GUERTIN: This is really the ongoing maturation of a
fairly significant initiative that we've had in the Company, where we apply
some of the tools around value stream design and lean and Six Sigma to our
end-to-end processes in the Company. So, to your point, if you look at our
revenue growth and our absolute levels of G&A you can really continue to
see a payoff in this particular area. We've been working through a lot of
significant processes all across the Company now for a better part of probably
a year and a half, and I think we are beginning to see the early pay-off as a
result of that.

MARK BERTOLINI: These investments in the quality of our
processes and making them simpler is going to be better for our retail market.
So, it's an effort we have had underway for the last four years. Shawn pulled
together a team that we pulled out of UTC, and they have really started to get
some traction. So, we are excited about the prospects for that work going
forward.

SHAWN GUERTIN: And I would emphasize Mark's point that this
just isn't simple expense cutting. This is really meant to improve the quality
of the end product to the customer, of which then efficiency savings fall out of
better, more efficient processes.

DAVE WINDLEY: Okay. All right, thanks.

OPERATOR: Scott Fidel, Credit Suisse.

SCOTT FIDEL, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Thanks. Just on the tax
rate it looks like you took that guidance down by around 100 to 150 bps. Just checking
on what the drivers of that was. Was that the HIX losses affecting that or
something else?

And then just a quick follow-up would be, the exchange lives
in terms of where you ended 2Q -- I think you were at 911,000 in the first
quarter -- where that was in 2Q, and what you are expecting attrition for the
back half of the year to be. Thanks.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Let me have Karen do the exchange lives and
I'll come back on the tax rate.

KAREN LYNCH: We finished the quarter at 838,000 exchange
lives at the end of June.

SHAWN GUERTIN: The tax rate is a couple things. As the
earnings move around there in proportion to the health insurer fee, there's
some natural movement in that tax rate. So, as we do better on the earnings
front it tends to bring that tax rate down a bit.

But we also did implement the new accounting policy that
some other people implemented in the first quarter around some of the equity
comp treatment. That had a very minor effect in the quarter. But that's also in
there.

SCOTT FIDEL: Okay. Got it. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Sarah James, Wedbush Securities.

SARAH JAMES, ANALYST, WEDBUSH SECURITIES: Thank you. How
should we think about the geographic dispersion of the book being divested? Is
a concentrated for local density or dispersed? And then what portion of this
book is star bonus-eligible? For 2017 we were estimating Aetna's about 87%,
Humana 77%, so is it in that range or is it more of an outlier book of
business?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I can certainly follow up. I don't know the
exact star composition of this book of business in terms of in comparison to
our 87% statistic. But needless to say, both Aetna and Humana are number 1 and
number 2 in star ratings, so there is a good chunk of this business that has
very high star ratings. And the purchase agreement assumes that those star
ratings will continue to follow these members going forward.

SARAH JAMES: And the geographic dispersion on this? Are
these locally concentrated groups that you are divesting or are they pretty
spread out?

SHAWN GUERTIN: They are specific counties. We certainly
thought about some of the issues around like the PPO products, for example, and
have grouped those together where we think appropriate. It's obviously in 21
states, I believe, as you saw in the press release, but we have thought about
that where appropriate.

MARK BERTOLINI: The counties are outlined in the DOJ
complaint. Where we had PPO product that touched those markets, we added
actually more markets so that they could continue giving the same great
experience to the members that we have given them.

SHAWN GUERTIN: The counties are all out there to be found.

OPERATOR: Lance Wilkes, Sanford C. Bernstein.

LANCE WILKES, ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN & CO.:
Thanks for taking the questions and appreciate the color on the divestitures.
Just had a follow-up question. It sounded, Mark, like you had talked about
strength in the pharmacy results. I was interested in what drove that and how
large of an impact it was.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Our pharmacy business, particularly around
our self-insured customers, has continued to do very well. It has continued to
grow year over year. That has actually been an ongoing story.

LANCE WILKES: Okay. And one follow-up. Over on the selling
season, it sounds like there has been a little slow down -- not for you guys
but just industry-wide -- as far as RFP activity. Have you seen any progress on
the private exchange side there? And, if so, what is your folks' outlook for
that?

KAREN LYNCH: You're right that there has been a slowdown in
the RFPs. There's been modest interest in the exchanges. We think people had to
wait and see when the Cadillac tax changed. We are seeing some activity, but
not as much as we had anticipated.

LANCE WILKES: Okay. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Ana Gupte, Leerink Partners.

ANA GUPTE, ANALYST, LEERINK PARTNERS: Thanks for squeezing
me in. I appreciate it. On the commercial group business, you have had so many
things going on internally and there's so much going on externally. I am just
curious how you're thinking about margin versus membership there. The fact that
you cited your commercial book this year, you lost membership. You are not
seeing individual, you won't have any expansion plans next year. The DOJ, you
don't really know what will happen and it will be during your selling season.
And simultaneously I would expect the employer market may stabilize just
because Obamacare is leaving all these exits in its wake. And the small group
definition is better. How should we think about margin expansion again on MLR
next year, or stable MLR, or more about a focus on membership?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Our MO around the commercial risk business in
particular has been to be cautious -- cautious in terms of thinking about a
trend increase and cautious of some of the new things coming into the market
like ACA. I am certainly glad we have done that.

I do think it is important, though, I would not characterize
it that we have had a number of issues. We have had one issue, really, in our
group business and that is the small group business, and particularly the small
group ACA business. Large group has been a very steady performer last year and
this year. Frankly, even within small group, our non-ACA business is performing
quite well. So, this is really localized.

As I mentioned in my remarks, we did assume that in our
pricing we would have a moderate trend increase this year, and that looks to
have been a good assumption coming into this year. So, I think we need to
continue to be careful with this business. And in certain segments we will
continue to err on the side of caution versus growth, particularly the small
group ACA is a good example.

KAREN LYNCH: And, Ana, one of the things that we're doing in
the commercial book is we are standardizing a fair amount of our products. We
are introducing new exchange through our Bswift acquisition. So, we've got some
introduction of new products and capabilities in the marketplace today, and we
are seeing some good traction on our commercial business as a result of those
products and services.

ANA GUPTE: Got it. Thanks. So, can one assume that even
though you don't commit right now to margin expansion in individual you will
likely see some? That combined with buyback and the G&A tailwinds from
reduced transaction costs potentially -- and, of course, if the Humana deal
goes through then all of this moot -- would be enough for you to be very
cautious still on your MLR on commercial?

MARK BERTOLINI: Overall our margins are high single digit,
at least 8% in our guidance. So we think that's a really good standard to hold
to. People have been waiting for that number to come down for a long time. And
I think the diversified portfolio and the way we think about growing the
business allows us to maintain that.

ANA GUPTE: Very comforting, thank you.

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Ana. A transcript of the prepared
portion of this call will be posted shortly on the investor information section
of Aetna.com, where you can also find a copy of our updated guidance summary
containing details of our guidance metrics, including those that were unchanged
or not discussed on this call. If you have any questions about matters
discussed this morning, please feel free to call me in the investor relations
office. And thank you for joining us this morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to documents,
content, or other information on this web site without obligation to notify any
person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080216a5916525.725










 EXECUTIVES (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); CONFERENCES
& CONVENTIONS (89%); COMPANY REVENUES (72%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (72%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (67%)










  AETNA INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (72%);

JEFFERIES LLC (71%);

SANFORD
C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (70%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (58%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%)










 AET (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (90%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(72%); JPM (NYSE) (57%); JPM (LSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (94%)










 April 17, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
28, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 8371 words

Corporate Participants

* Joe Krocheski

. - VP of IR

* Mark Bertolini

. - Chairman and CEO

* Shawn Guertin

. - CFO

* Karen Lynch

. - President

Conference Call Participants

* Josh Raskin

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* AJ Rice

UBS - Analyst

* Gary Taylor

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Peter Costa

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC - Analyst

* Matthew Borsch

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Andy Schenker

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Sarah James

Wedbush Securities - Analyst

* Kevin Fischbeck

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Christine Arnold

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Brian Wright

Sterne, Agee & Leach - Analyst

* Ana Gupte

Leerink Partners - Analyst

* Tom Carroll

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Scott Fidel

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* David Windley

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* Chris Rigg

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Christine and I will be
your conference facilitator today. At this time, I would like to welcome
everyone to Aetna's first-quarter 2016 earnings conference call.

(Operator Instructions)

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background
noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer period.

As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would
now like to turn the conference over to Joe Krocheski, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Mr. Krocheski, You may begin.

JOE KROCHESKI, VP OF IR, AETNA INC.: Good morning and thank
you for joining Aetna's first-quarter 2016 earnings call and webcast. This is
Joe Krocheski, Vice President of Investor Relations for Aetna, and with me this
morning are Aetna's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Bertolini, and
Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Guertin. Following the prepared portion of the
remarks, we will answer your questions. Karen Lynch, Aetna's President, will
also join us for the Q&A session.

As a reminder, during this call, we will make
forward-looking statements. Risk factors that may impact those statements and
could cause actual future results to differ materially from currently projected
results are described in this morning's press release and the reports we file
with the SEC. We have also provided reconciliations of certain non-GAAP
measures in our financial supplement and guidance summary. These
reconciliations are available on the investor information section of Aetna.com.

Finally, as you know, our ability to respond to certain
inquiries from investors and analysts in non-public forums is limited. So we
invite you to ask all questions of a material nature on this call. With that, I
will turn the call over to Mark Bertolini. Mark?

MARK BERTOLINI, CHAIRMAN AND CEO, AETNA INC.: Good morning.
Thank you, Joe, and thank you all for joining us today. This morning, Aetna
reported first-quarter operating earnings of $2.30 per share. A good start to
the year and a continuation of the strong momentum from 2015, where we
generated record annual operating revenue and operating earnings.

Underlying our first-quarter performance we exceeded our
previous membership projections, ending the quarter with approximately 23
million medical members. We grew operating revenue to a quarterly record of
$15.7 billion. We achieved pretax operating margins at the high end of our
targeted range, and we generated approximately $1.8 billion in operating cash
flow.

Given our strong start to 2016, today we made several
adjustments to our full-year 2016 guidance. We established a year-end medical
membership projection of approximately 23 million members. We now project we
will generate up to $63 billion of operating revenue, up from our previous
projection of approximately $62 billion, and we increased our operating EPS
projection to a range of $7.90 to $8.10 per share, up from our previous
projection of at least $7.75.

In a few moments, Shawn will discuss our first-quarter
results and updated 2016 guidance in greater detail. But first, I would like to
provide a brief update on the Humana acquisition and discuss some of the
operational highlights for the quarter. Beginning with the Humana acquisition,
our integration teams are thoughtfully planning for a combined organization
that delivers on our synergy and accretion goals, and maximizes the
transformational nature of this combination.

We continue to cooperate with the Department of Justice and
work with state regulators, and now have approvals in six states remaining.
Based on our progress to date, we believe we remain on track to close in the
second half of 2016.

Moving on to first-quarter operational highlights. We had
another strong quarter of growth in our Medicare business, with membership
growth across all products. Our compelling product design and industry-leading
star ratings continue to resonate with Medicare consumers, as evidenced by our
9% sequential individual MA membership growth, which once again exceeded
overall Medicare Advantage program growth. In total, including Medicare
supplement, we have grown to serve 127,000 additional Medicare medical members
in the first quarter, capping another strong annual election period for the
Company.

Medicare Advantage remains an important growth lever for
Aetna, and we are encouraged by the relative stability and funding for the 2017
plan year.

However, we are concerned with a few of the changes outlined
in the 2017 final rate notice, including the rate cuts to the Employer Group
Waiver program and the potential disruption in benefits for the millions of
beneficiaries who rely on this important program. This is particularly
concerning in 2018 when the rate cuts are fully phased in.

We will continue to work with CMS to refine the employer
group payment methodology for 2018 to appropriately reflect the differences
between employer group and individual plans. Additionally, CMS changes to the
MA star ratings program and risk-adjustment mechanism for dual-eligible
beneficiaries add unnecessary complexity to star ratings and instability in the
risk-adjustment program. Despite the challenges posed by the group MA payment
changes, we remain committed to providing value to our employer customers by
delivering high-quality, affordable options for their retirees.

Continuing on with our government business. Our Medicaid
franchise delivered another quarter of solid revenue growth and underwriting
margin performance. Aetna now serves over 2.3 million Medicaid members, an
increase of nearly 230,000 from the same period a year ago. This steady growth
has been driven by a combination of new contract wins, county expansions in
existing states, and ACA-related expansion membership.

Looking to the future, we are confident that Aetna is well
positioned to take advantage of the strong growth dynamics of the Medicaid
business, as more states seek to partner with the private sector, to manage the
health of their Medicaid beneficiaries.

Let me take a moment to discuss public exchanges in our
individual business. From a regulatory perspective, we welcome the efforts of
CMS to work with the industry to stabilize the individual public exchange
program. While we are encouraged by these regulatory efforts, there is still
much work to be done to ensure the long-term future of this program. As we enter
the third year of the public exchange program, we are committed to working
constructively with the administration and lawmakers to find solutions that can
improve this program, stabilize the risk pool, and expand product flexibility,
all with the goal of creating a sustainable program that makes health care more
affordable and accessible for all consumers.

Turning to our first-quarter individual commercial results,
we ended the first quarter with approximately 1.2 million total individual
members, exceeding our previous membership projection. The overall demographic
composition of our membership is largely consistent with last year and our
expectations. While it is still early, we are encouraged by our year-to-date
performance and believe we remain on track to achieve our 2016 operating margin
improvement goals in these products.

Finally, our stated mission is to create a healthier world.
Our strategy to achieve this mission, in part, involves working to transform
the health care system model to one in which hospitals and doctors are rewarded
for delivering real value to patients and consumers.

Our differentiated approach focuses on meeting providers
where they are in terms of their readiness for varying levels of coordinated
care and risk. We are applying our proven framework to support the advancement
of value-based care models and move providers up the continuum, from simple
pay-for-performance models to ACOs and even joint ventures.

We've made good progress in the first quarter and now have
77 ACO agreements and approximately 40% of our claims payments running through
some form of value-based care model. Based on our progress to date, we believe
we remain on track to achieve our 2020 goal of 75% of claims in value-based
care models, and our broad mission of creating a healthier world.

In summary, we are off to a good start to 2016. I want to
thank our employees for their efforts in delivering another strong quarter for
Aetna and our shareholders. With the momentum from the first quarter, I am
confident we have the right vision to lead in a changing health care
marketplace, we can continue to execute on our differentiated strategy, we will
successfully close and integrate a proposed Humana acquisition, and we can
achieve our 2016 operating EPS projection of $7.90 to $8.10.

I will now turn the call over the Shawn, who'll provide
additional insight into our first-quarter results and our updated 2016 outlook.
Shawn?

SHAWN GUERTIN, CFO, AETNA INC.: Thank you, Mark, and good
morning, everyone. Earlier today, we reported first-quarter 2016 operating
earnings of $811 million and operating earnings per share of $2.30. Aetna's
operating results continue to be supported by strong cash flow and operating
margins. I'll begin with some comments on overall performance.

Our medical membership of 23 million is approximately
200,000 higher than the top end of our previously projected range, driven by
lower ASC losses and higher individual membership growth. We grew operating
revenue by 4% over the prior year to a record quarterly level of $15.7 billion,
driven by higher health care premium yields and membership growth in our
government business, partially offset by membership declines in our group
commercial insured products.

From an operating margin perspective, our businesses are
performing quite well. Our pretax operating margin was 9.5%, a very strong
result and consistent with the high end of our target operating margin range.
Our first-quarter total health medical benefit ratio was 80.5%, a strong result
that benefited from continued moderate medical cost trends and favorable
prior-year's reserve development. Our operating expense ratio was 18%, a 40
basis-point improvement over the first quarter of 2015, and a good start to
achieving our operating cost goals for the year.

From a balance sheet perspective, we remain confident in the
adequacy of our reserves. We experienced favorable prior-year's reserve
development in the quarter across all of our core products, primarily
attributable to fourth-quarter 2015 dates of service.

Our reserve growth exceeded our premium growth, and days
claims payable were 57 days at the end of the quarter, a sequential increase of
approximately two days. The increase in days claims payable was primarily a
result of increased processing times, which we expect will normalize over the
remainder of the year.

Turning to cash flow and capital, operating cash flows in
the first quarter were strong. Health Care and Group Insurance operating cash
flows were approximately 2.3 times operating earnings, driven by strong
operating results and the timing of certain ACA-related payments in the
quarter.

We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter due to
the proposed Humana acquisition. However, we did return $87 million to
shareholders through our quarterly shareholder dividend.

In short, we are pleased with our first-quarter results and
the continued successful execution of our growth strategy. I will now discuss
the key drivers of our first-quarter performance in greater detail.

Beginning with our commercial business, our commercial ASC
membership declined by approximately 660,000 members during the quarter, a
disappointing result in absolute terms but an improvement relative to our
previous projections. This improvement was driven by increased sales and higher
retention rates, a testament to the actions taken to mitigate known customer
losses.

From an operating earnings perspective, first-quarter
commercial ASC results were a continuation of the strong momentum from 2015,
primarily due to strong fee yields. In our commercial insured business, we grew
membership modestly in the quarter, largely the result of higher individual
membership, partially offset by lower small group and international membership.

Our commercial medical benefit ratio was 77.8% for the quarter,
a good result that benefited from moderate medical cost trends, and favorable
prior-year's reserve development. Based on first-quarter results, we continue
to project that our 2016 core commercial medical cost trends will be in the
range of 6% to 7%.

With respect to our individual commercial business, we are
off to a solid start to the year. At 1.2 million members, our first-quarter
medical membership exceeded our previous projections, primarily related to
on-exchange membership growth. And underwriting margins were largely consistent
with our expectations, driven by favorable reserve development and stable
estimates of 3R accruals.

Looking ahead to the balance of 2016, we expect that our
first quarter will mark the high for our individual membership, as we project
material attrition through the remainder of the year and a lower level of
special election-period enrollment compared to prior years. Based on our
first-quarter results, including updated reconciliation estimates for ACA
programs, we believe we are on track to achieve our projected 2016 margin
improvement goals for these products.

Shifting to our government business, which continues to be a
key source of growth for the Company. We grew medical membership by nearly
150,000 members in the quarter, including growth of 81,000 in Medicare
Advantage, 46,000 in Medicare Supplement, and 22,000 in Medicaid members.
Additionally, we grew Medicare PDP membership sequentially by over 470,000
members.

As a result of this strong medical membership growth, we
grew our first-quarter 2016 government premiums by over 13% compared to the
prior-year period, achieving a record $6.5 billion. Government premiums now
represent nearly 50% of our total Health Care premiums. Our government medical
benefit ratio was 83.4%, a continuation of the outstanding results achieved in
this business in 2015 and a very good start to the year.

Moving on to the balance sheet, our financial position,
capital structure, and liquidity all continued to be very strong. At March
31st, we had a debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately 32%, as we
continue to build cash ahead of closing the Humana acquisition.

Looking at cash and investments at the parent, we started
the quarter with approximately $420 million. Net subsidiary dividends to the
parent were $715 million. We paid a shareholder dividend of $87 million, and
after other uses, we ended the quarter with approximately $970 million of cash
at the parent. Our basic share count was approximately 351 million at March 31.

As a result of our first-quarter performance, we are
increasing our 2016 operating earnings-per-share guidance to a range of $7.90
to $8.10 per share. The top end of this range represents a $0.35 increased
relative to our previous projection of at least $7.75 per share, and reflects
our favorable first-quarter operating performance, including the effect of
favorable prior-year's reserve development and improved results in our
fee-based businesses.

However, certain risks remain that temper our outlook at
this point in the calendar, including, the ever-present concern that medical
cost trends could increase more than we have projected, and low visibility at
this juncture of the year into our ability to achieve our margin-improvement
goals in our ACA compliant products, particularly the uncertainty related to
accruals associated with the 3Rs.

Our updated 2016 guidance is influenced by the following
additional drivers. Based on our first-quarter membership results, we project
that our year-end medical membership will be approximately 23 million members,
as growth in government membership over the remainder of the year is largely
offset by declines in commercial insured membership, including attrition in our
individual products.

As we consider the stronger-than-projected start to the year
in our current membership view, we are increasing our operating revenue
projection for the year and now project that we will deliver up to $63 billion
in 2016 operating revenue. We continue to project that our full-year total
medical benefit ratio will be in the range of 81.6% plus or minus 30 basis
points. We continue to project that our operating expense ratio will be less
than 18.5% for the full year.

We now project pretax operating margin to be 8% to 8.5%,
consistent with our high single-digit target. We now project operating earnings
of approximately $2.8 billion, and we now project excess cash flow to the
parent of up to $2.4 billion, reflecting our Vitality Re VII reinsurance
transaction, partially offset by increased capital requirements as a result of
our higher premium growth projections. Finally, as we consider the progression
of earnings for the remainder of the year, we expect our operating EPS to be
more evenly balanced between the first and second half of the year as compared
to 2015.

In closing, we are encouraged by the strength of our
first-quarter results and our improved 2016 outlook, particularly at this early
stage in the year. Further, we continue to believe we are on track to close the
Humana acquisition in the second half of 2016 and achieve our 2018 combined
Company operating EPS goal of at least $11. I will now turn the call back over
to Joe. Joe?

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Shawn. The Aetna management team
is now ready for your questions. We ask that you limit yourself to one question
so that as many individuals as possible have an opportunity to ask their
questions. Operator, the first question, please.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: Josh Raskin, Barclays.

JOSH RASKIN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Hi, Thanks. Good
Morning. Just want to delve into cost trends. There seems to be a little bit of
a debate brewing. We're seeing pretty good numbers from some of the facility
companies and med-tech companies, et cetera. And it sounded like everything you
said was favorable development, cost trends remained modest, confirming the
full-year, so it doesn't seem like you're seeing it. What do you think is
causing some of that disconnect? Is it simply leap year and weather, or where
do you stand on this utilization? Is there really any fundamental increase
going on?

MARK BERTOLINI: Well Josh, we're not seeing an increase on
the facility side at all. As a matter fact, we continue to see a trend downward
in facility day usage. And so our view would be that this is probably related
to a few instances, most likely related to flu and maybe leap year. Leap year
has always been a mystical thing for me, one day added actually makes a
difference, but it does. But we're not seeing it at all in our numbers.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Josh, and I would add the real issue here is
what did we assume in pricing versus what we actually experienced. And for
example, last year, trend was up, but we had assumed that in our forward
pricing and so we were okay. We came into this year with a 50 basis-point
increase in our forward pricing, so that's in the system. We've booked
first-quarter consistent with that as well.

Again, I think this does come back to the match between your
pricing assumption and what you see in the marketplace, because certainly over
the last year or two, trend has been going up. And I would emphasize Mark's
point about, it sounds funny sometimes to talk about leap year. But it is a
real phenomenon when you do have an extra week day in a quarter, it obviously
does make enough of a difference to show up.

JOSH RASKIN: Is that 80 basis-points on the MLR seem like a
reasonable leap year estimate?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Yes, our internal estimates are a little bit
lower than that. But it's all about whether this is weekday driven or
calendar-day driven in terms of the range that you would look at this.

JOSH RASKIN: And then just a quick follow-up, Shawn. Your
last comment on first half versus second half EPS, I think you're implying it's
a midpoint of guidance, something around 170 in EPS for the second quarter, if
it's really 50, 50. What's causing this additional seasonality? Why is more of
the earnings back-end loaded this year?

SHAWN GUERTIN: No, okay, I'm glad you asked. Because that's
-- the first half will definitely be over 50% as it has been in the year. My
commentary there was just to indicate that it's going to -- as a percentage,
first half will be down a little bit from the first half last year based on our
internal forecast.

JOSH RASKIN: Okay, so 1% or 2%, not necessarily a 50-50
split now.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Exactly.

OPERATOR: AJ Rice, UBS.

AJ RICE, ANALYST, UBS: Thanks. Maybe just to ask about your
government business. The MLR in the quarter was up, and you are pointing to
lower prior-year development. There's also the fact that your Part D business
grew dramatically, and my understanding is that can be a drag in the first
quarter that then turns into a positive as the year progresses. Then you also
have leap year on the government side. Were those less of a factor than what
happened in prior-year development?

And maybe while we are on it, my follow-up would be on the
government side. You guys are doing very well in the MA enrollment so far, but
the overall market has been a little bit soft. Any thoughts on what's happening
in the broader market out there in MA?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I'll let Mark talk about the MA outlook for
the industry, but you're right. You've really canvassed the multiple factors
that are impacting the government MBR. Specifically on PYD, we had talked last
year and actually the year before that, that a lot of the higher than typical
PYD we've gotten has been showing up in the government business. And we did
expect that to reset to more normal levels this year, and indeed that is what
we've seen.

Again, on Medicaid specifically, we've been talking about
the Kentucky rate reset, which has an MBR perspective. And you talked about
both leap year and Part D. So we did expect this to go up. And again, I think
at 8034, it's a very good result and one very consistent with our expectations.

MARK BERTOLINI: And AJ, as it relates to the MA outlook, I
think what we continue to see is that in the retiring population, 11,000
Americans a day, still 68% of the population is electing for Medicare fee for
service. And a large part about that is network construction, but most
importantly, mobility. We see that as an opportunity, as we get to closing the
Humana acquisition where we have the opportunity to create a nationally
portable product, as we will be able to touch a much larger swath of the
Medicare-eligible population across the United States.

AJ RICE: Okay. Thanks a lot.

OPERATOR: Gary Taylor, JPMorgan.

GARY TAYLOR, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Just a few quick ones.
First, could you give us the actual on-exchange individual enrollment for the
first quarter?

MARK BERTOLINI: It's 911,000.

GARY TAYLOR: Okay. Thank you. And then, Shawn, just wanted
to think a little bit more about the prior-year development. Obviously, you've
disclosed the gross impact of that. But over the course of the quarters of
2015, you were also giving some color on the net impact, and I think we had
estimated maybe roughly $0.40 of net benefit in the first quarter of 2015.
Would you comment on 2016 and would you alter my first-quarter 2015 thought in
any way?

SHAWN GUERTIN: That's in the neighborhood of being correct.
For first-quarter 2016, it's between $0.30 and $0.35, probably closer to $0.30.
It's the thing that we net against that obviously is the amount of any PYD that
goes right back up in minimum loss-ratio accruals. That was a little higher
this year just in terms of how the PYD fell, but you can think about $0.30 --
$0.30 to $0.35 as a range for this year.

GARY TAYLOR: Is it fair to say commercial PYD may be
developed better than your expectation? I know you had anticipated PYD would be
less of a net benefit in 2016. You talked about there was a little bit less on
the government side. But overall, this is fairly similar, so it sounds like
maybe commercial actually ended up a little better.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Commercial is just a little bit better in
aggregate PYD year over year, but it's in the same neighborhood and a typical
neighborhood. The decrease is really in the government business.

GARY TAYLOR: Got it. My last question. On Medicaid, with the
Pennsylvania re-procurement out yesterday, it looks like you lost some regions
and we're kind of sizing roughly $1 billion revenue impact for 2017. Is that in
the ballpark?

KAREN LYNCH, PRESIDENT, AETNA INC.: As you know, they came
out. We are disappointed a bit, and that is approximately the revenue for
Pennsylvania. So that is pretty close.

GARY TAYLOR: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Peter Costa, Wells Fargo.

PETER COSTA, ANALYST, WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC: I'm
wondering if you can help us understand how value-based contracting is changing
some of the dynamics around what we see as normalized trend and what you might
see as normalized cost trend. And, if it varies by the different business
categories, commercial, Medicare, or Medicaid?

MARK BERTOLINI: Peter, I would say, if you've seen one
value-based contract you have seen one value-based contract. I think it's a
pretty general definition. So they go everywhere from contracts that pay for
better performance without any downside risk, to all the way to contracts where
we are actually sharing risk top and bottom with providers. And I would say the
closer we get to the latter structure, the more impact we have on utilization.
And so in our relationships where we have that, we see definite impacts on
underlying trend and utilization, where the provider actually wins by providing
a more focused quality of care and generates margin out of the contract based
on that.

Now I would also give another factor, which is between
commercial and government, the numbers obviously in government are much larger
from the standpoint of premiums, so there's more to share there. And so
therefore, you have a lot more opportunity in the government sector. So we
always like to lead with Medicare. Medicaid-duals is still a fuzzy area; we're
still working through and understanding what the dynamics are there. And
commercial is generally lower on the totem pole from the standpoint of
risk-share opportunity as you move into those contracts.

PETER COSTA: And would you say that it's causing some of
your utilization to become more concentrated with certain providers that
perhaps do these contracts? Like perhaps some of the more publicly traded
companies on the provider side that we see?

MARK BERTOLINI: Not quite yet. I don't think we have that
much of an impact yet. I think still what we're seeing in trend moderation is
the impacts in the economy on individuals and their out-of-pocket expense. $400
out of the average American to cover for services is a lot of money.

PETER COSTA: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

Matthew Borsch, Goldman Sachs

MATTHEW BORSCH, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: I was hoping maybe
you could give us a little bit more detail on your individual book in the
exchange lines. I've heard you say 911,000 on exchange. I apologize, just off
my fingertips, I don't have the year-end number for 2015. But also 1.2 million
for your overall individual book versus I think about 1 million at year end. So
is it about 200,000 and where do the new members -- where do you think they are
coming from geographically and plan-wise? And what's giving you comfort that
you're going to be able to reach your breakeven margin target?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I will turn it to Karen to talk about the
dynamics of some of the marketplaces. But, so you are right, Matt, we are up
about 200,000, a little bit less than that sequentially. Year over year we are
actually down a little bit. We were at a little 1275, I think in the first
quarter of last year, so we are at a similar level at the end of the first
quarter, but it is up about 200,000.

KAREN LYNCH: Relative to the markets, we are seeing the
growth in the markets where we have very good cost structure, particularly in
the southeast. So Florida was a big growth for us, Georgia, North Carolina as
well. We saw about 55% coming in for new business, and generally speaking, we
have 75% of our membership in our top five states.

MATTHEW BORSCH: And on the margin outlook, with its influx
of new memberships in light of the instability of financial results on the
exchanges, how are you getting or seeking to get comfortable on that front?

SHAWN GUERTIN: Well, Matt, what we do know is the
demographics of the new entrants look very similar to the demographics that
we've had, so that doesn't look like a change. Again, I think -- I will remind
everyone, our goal was to get this to approximately breakeven this year, so
we're not trying to get this all the way up to a target margin level.

And in terms of what we saw in the first quarter, what I
would say is, as we looked at 2015 continued to develop, whether that be
prior-year reserve development, risk adjuster estimates and things like that,
all of those estimates look good and either have held or improved a little bit.
So that makes me feel good about the baseline that we're taking into 2016.

And as Karen mentioned, we're getting the growth in some
concentrated markets where we know we have a good, solid cost structure. And it
would be silly of me to declare victory for the year after the first quarter,
but I think that the markers that we can see on that business make us feel
pretty good about the goal that we've set for ourselves for this year.

MATTHEW BORSCH: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Andy Schenker, Morgan Stanley

ANDY SCHENKER, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Maybe just following
up on MA and the growth you see, in particularly thinking actually more about
margins, you got to your target margins a little early last year. How does the
changes in the outlook for 2017 impact that, particularly the changes to EGWP
Can you continue to maintain or even grow margins while still growing the top
line? How have initial conversations been with your commercial or employer
clients on the changes to EGWP Thank you.

MARK BERTOLINI: The overall impact to us, Andy, is less than
1% across the whole rating environment. Obviously more on the employer side. We
continue to see strength in the employer pipeline on Medicare advantage. We
haven't seen anybody dissuaded from considering, given what the economic
dynamics will be for 2017.

More importantly, to cover our contingency on that, we will
be launching for January 1, 2017 our own individual Medicare exchange, which
will allow employers to make a choice between continuing to offer coverage as a
group or putting their employees into an individual product, and we have a lot
of interest in that as well as we move into the year.

And I will note that we are on nine other individual
Medicare exchanges, Medicare exchanges, but we will be launching our own
product January 1, 2017 with the [B swift] platform, and we're excited about
the opportunity there to cover our bases on the EGWP changes.

ANDY SCHENKER: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Sarah James, Wedbush.

SARAH JAMES, ANALYST, WEDBUSH SECURITIES: Thank you. Your
guidance implies up to 100 basis points uptick in cost trends, and it sounded
like hospital costs were in line to may be a little bit light in some areas. So
are you seeing so far this year an uptick in line with your guidance, or is
that just expectations for the remainder of the year? And then you've guided to
pharmacy as a percentage of total, going up from about 15% to 20%, so are you
seeing that uptick in pharmacy spend so far?

SHAWN GUERTIN: In terms of the first quarter, just to be
clear, I think what we've priced in is about a 50 BP utilization increase in
our forward pricing for trend. Again, in the first quarter of the year, we have
largely booked consistent with that outlook. Again there is a lot of estimation
always in this business and in the most recent quarter. So I think we've taken
the approach of assuming that it is there in our booking.

SARAH JAMES: And on the pharmacy side? You guys had guided
to an uptick, so if you could speak to if that is happening and what drug
categories are driving it?

SHAWN GUERTIN: The pharmacy trend has been double digits and
I wouldn't say there was anything particularly extraordinary in the first
quarter on pharmacy trend that would make me move from that.

SARAH JAMES: And last clarification, was there any benefit
from the new accounting guidance related to employee-based share payments? And
can you speak to what that might be once it's implemented?

SHAWN GUERTIN: We did not implement that in the first
quarter. We will obviously evaluate whether we will choose to adopt that early,
and it would have a fairly minor impact, would be our estimate right now. But
that remains -- we still need to do the work on that.

SARAH JAMES: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Kevin Fischbeck, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

KEVIN FISCHBECK, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: You guys
highlighted a couple areas of potential concern or downside being trend and ACA
impacts. But just wanted to see, you didn't highlight any areas of potential
upside. I wasn't sure if there was anything you would highlight there as
potential sources of upside or you whether you feel like the risk is somehow
more skewed to the downside than the upside.

SHAWN GUERTIN: I wouldn't necessarily say that. Again, I
think at this point in the year, the pricing is pretty well baked, your volume
is pretty well baked. So what tends to move these things around more is how
does medical cost play out? We have assumed that we are seeing the increase
that we have priced for in the first quarter. And how that plays out will
ultimately determine the sources -- the upside and downside around that.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: But as far as trend goes and as far as some
of the ACA reconciliation, 3R-type accruals, do you think there's as much
chance that there's upside on those numbers as there is downside or is there a
reason to say that there is less visibility one way or the other?

SHAWN GUERTIN: I certainly -- we have tried to be careful
around risk adjustment. It has been by far the most difficult thing to estimate
on the ACA business. And so, I wouldn't ever get out in front of myself and
say, we're going to have upside there. But given the uncertainty around that
estimate, that is certainly a possibility. But we're not banking that that's
going to play out wildly in our favor or anything.

KEVIN FISCHBECK: Great. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Christine Arnold, Cowen and Company.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: If you're
willing to talk about Humana, could you give us a sense for what you're hoping
to see this year to give you comfort and to make you feel good about where they
are?

MARK BERTOLINI: Humana is still a competitor until we close,
so we are engaged in integration conversations with them, to the degree we can
be, without getting in front of the DOJ approvals and state approvals. They
will report next week, and we'll let them get their information out. But we are
in constant contact with them, and continue to believe that our model for the
acquisition is a reasonable model.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: With respect to small group, you were
hoping to improve your margins there. Could you give us an update on whether
small group margin improvement is on track? Thanks.

SHAWN GUERTIN: It's too early.

MARK BERTOLINI: Yes, it's early. I think the jury is still
out on this. One of, again, to Kevin's question, risk-adjustment estimates
around the ACA portion of this book are one of the swing factors that we still
need to get improved clarity. I certainly wouldn't declare victory at this
point.

CHRISTINE ARNOLD: Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Brian Wright, Sterne Agee.

BRIAN WRIGHT, ANALYST, STERNE, AGEE & LEACH: It looks
like the reinsurance for receivable from the 3Rs went down sequentially by
about $100 million. Could you help us understand what was driving that and did
that have any impact on the quarter?

SHAWN GUERTIN: The biggest impact of moving that receivable
is we did receive an interim payment of a little over $100 million in the first
quarter related to prior years. So that's the real reason that went -- the
reinsurance receivable went down. Obviously, given the timing, we don't accrue
a lot of reassurance at the beginning of the year in that business.

BRIAN WRIGHT: Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ana Gupte, Leerink Partners

ANA GUPTE, ANALYST, LEERINK PARTNERS: For the MLRs going
into 2017, to your point around this is not just about the medical cost trend,
but it's about the underwriting spread, how are you seeing the pricing
environment playing out into 2017 as far as your competitors, some of, the
Blues, who are losing money on exchanges? And to what degree are employers
likely to tolerate continued increases in pricing, as you say the trend has
been going up for the last couple years? If it gets to 7%, 8%, 9%, do you think
that will hold now that exchanges are yet not a viable marketplace?

MARK BERTOLINI: I think for 2017, we're early, obviously, in
that cycle. We're still finishing 2016. But the market is rational and probably
more rational than it has ever been, given the impacts of the ACA on lose
reserves and our competitors. I think folks are being much more careful about
pricing to trend and making sure that -- and with the stark realization, quite
frankly, Ana, that if you get behind on your pricing and you try and buy a
share, you just can't catch up in any reasonable time. So I think people are
being much more prudent about their pricing.

ANA GUPTE: And then just on the adjacency with the
exchanges, you were, I think, getting to breakeven it sounds like on exchanges
this year. So once the reinsurance goes away next year, do you think combined
with the price increases from HHS and potentially some cost shifting to
employers that your blended commercial loss ratio should still remain where it
is right now, which is a very good result?

MARK BERTOLINI: I think, let's talk about the pricing on the
exchanges. With the two Rs coming off this year, that's a 6-point impact on top
of trend. That will have obviously, an impact on the exchange enrollment in
some way, shape, or form, and the subsidies coming out of the federal
government. We do hope to get to breakeven this year. We intend on -- we're
looking forward to the next administration to improve the product as we move
ahead.

Let me just give you a different basis to think about our
participation in the exchanges. We have 911,000 members on the public exchange
as individual. We have 1.2 million members that are exchange or ACA compliant.

If we were to go out and buy those members, it would cost us
somewhere around $1.2 billion to acquire them. If we were to build out 15
markets, it would cost us somewhere between $600 million to $750 million to
enter those markets and build out the capabilities necessary to grow that
membership.

So in the broad scheme of things, we are well, well below
any of those numbers from the standpoint of losses we've incurred in the first
two-and-a-half years of this program. So we see this as a good investment,
hoping that we have an administration and a Congress that will allow us to
change the product like we change Medicare every year, and we change Medicaid
every year.

But we haven't been able to touch this product because of
the politics. But if we can get to that point, we believe we are in a very good
place to make this a sustainable program.

ANA GUPTE: Thank you for the color, Mark. Very helpful.

OPERATOR: Tom Carroll, Stifel.

TOM CARROLL, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Question on your
government business, which has been very good in recent years, especially with
Fran Soistman at the helm. But Medicaid results, I think, have been spotty here
recently, with Pennsylvania yesterday being the most recent. And given that
this is such a big revenue growth area, is this a stroke of bad luck for you
guys or maybe something more structural within Aetna? I wonder if you could
just give us more of a big picture discussion on what you guys are doing maybe
to either improve things, or again, maybe this is just a stroke of bad luck?
Thanks.

MARK BERTOLINI: I will remind you that we're up 230,000
members year over year in the product, in Medicaid, particularly. I will also
say that we win more than we lose. That this is a much more competitive market
than it has been in the past. Incumbents have less of a lock on these contracts
than they have in the past, as state government struggle to control the cost
around Medicaid, looking for innovation.

This is one that we didn't get what we wanted, but we have
gotten expansions in other states and expect to grow through the remainder of
this year in Medicaid. So I think we're doing just fine. I don't think we need
to buy anything. I don't think -- we obviously will do the postmortem on this
one and understand why we didn't get it. And we will learn from that, I'm sure
and we will make changes. But we're doing just fine in Medicaid.

TOM CARROLL: As a quick follow-up, you guys provided a very
helpful earnings waterfall on your last quarter in the slide deck that you did
for your fourth-quarter call. I wonder if you could take the upside to guidance
that you put out today and maybe spread it across those buckets. Did the
negatives, like Kentucky get smaller, and the ACA improvements get bigger? Or
if you could give us some flavor to that.

SHAWN GUERTIN: The two biggest pieces that would make up the
increase are the prior-year development, which was obviously excluded from our
previous guidance, and our improved performance, rather, in our fee-based
businesses.

TOM CARROLL: Great. Thanks, Shawn.

OPERATOR: Scott Fidel, Credit Suisse.

SCOTT FIDEL, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Just actually wanted to
follow-up on small group, and just interested if you can talk about how the
pricing environment is looking in the small group side? Anthem yesterday had
cited some increased price competition from one of the nonprofits in
California. So just interested if you think that's more isolated and a one-off
or if you are seeing any changes in the competitive pricing environment for
small group?

KAREN LYNCH: Relative to the pricing environment, in
California and Colorado and New York, as we had to convert to the ACA,
particularly in the 51 to 100, there was a lot of volatility in that book. So
we saw some competitive pricing in those couple of markets.

But generally speaking, it's a pretty rational market. We
particularly, are very focused on our pricing discipline in the 2 to 50 ACA
compliant business, as I have talked about in the past. As you know, you have
to think about small group in three buckets, the 2 to 50, keep what you have.
That is a stable, performing book for us. And then the 2 to 50 ACA compliant
book where we have been very disciplined around our pricing. And then the 51 to
100 book, where the states that didn't move to the Pace Act -- the states that
did move to the Pact Act, we have been performing well and that book has been a
good performance book for us.

SHAWN GUERTIN: Scott, I would emphasize, the one piece of
that book, the small group ACA business, which we have talked a lot about, we
had very consciously been careful about expanding into that space in advance to
keep what you have coming off. There's an awful lot of moving parts in there,
so we have been very deliberate with our pricing to be as careful as we can in
advance of that.

SCOTT FIDEL: Got it. And just had a quick follow-up on the
exchanges, and just relative to the markets where you're seeing the growth.
North Carolina and Georgia have definitely been pretty tough markets for some
of the competitors there. And BCBS in North Carolina has put out some warnings
that they may consider exiting the exchange, given the huge losses that they
have generated. Just interested, proactively, maybe how you're trying to
position, given the growth in those two markets to protect against get some of
the of potential loss dynamics that some of the competition have seen there?

KAREN LYNCH: We have been doing -- obviously, we continue to
evaluate and assess our network and our contracting efforts around those
markets. The second thing that we have been doing is very deliberate medical
management actions. And then the third thing we are doing is making sure that
we are focused on risk-adjustor. So we are in the middle of pricing for FY17
right now, so we're being very conscious of the dynamics in each of the
marketplaces that we're playing in.

SCOTT FIDEL: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Dave Windley, Jefferies.

DAVID WINDLEY, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: I think your
commercial ASC membership was under some pressure because of some large
accounts that moved to slicing. And wondered if those were one-off decisions or
if you expect that trend to persist? And then on the lower end of say, large
group, are you seeing -- are you continuing to see case sizes look at
self-funding and convert from full risk to self-funding, and are you keeping
those accounts when they do?

KAREN LYNCH: On your second part of your question, yes, we
are seeing interest. We are seeing accounts move to ASC, and we have been
keeping them. Relative to your first question, I would say there's continued
interest in the ACA -- in the ASC book. We expect the market to continue to
move that way in FY17 as well.

DAVID WINDLEY: Toward slicing of jumbo accounts?

KAREN LYNCH: Towards slicing of jumbo accounts, yes.

DAVID WINDLEY: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Chris Rigg, Susquehanna.

CHRIS RIGG, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP: I just
wanted to come back to some comments Mark had made a few minutes ago with
regard to the need for some structural reforms, with regard to the ACA
exchanges and the membership there. First question is, do you think these
structural reforms could be done administratively without Congress? And then
the follow-up is, if you don't get the structural reforms, if we look out a
year or two, is the market sustainable? Thanks a lot.

MARK BERTOLINI: I think the kinds of structural changes that
we need to make, I think Secretary Burwell and her team at CMS and HHS have
done a really good job of using the regulatory framework that they can to try
and improve the program in the short-term here. But there are bigger structural
changes that need to be made around product flexibility, rating flexibility,
pooling; we need different pools, not one pool. Cross-subsidizing at the
premium level across a large swath of the population doesn't work; it needs to
be multiple pools with specific products for each pool.

All of that requires legislative response, and that's not
going to happen in the near term here. We will see the dynamics of the market
get tougher as we go forward, if we don't get those kind of structural changes.
How it affects us versus others? Quite frankly, we have been very careful to
choose the markets we're in, as Karen noted earlier. We look for the right cost
structure, we offer the kinds of products that we believe people need. But at
some point, unless we make these kind of changes, the market will be
challenged.

CHRIS RIGG: Great. Thanks a lot.

JOE KROCHESKI: Thank you, Chris.

A transcript of the prepared portion of this call will be
posted shortly on the investor information section of Aetna.com, where you can
also find a copy of the updated guidance summary containing details of our
guidance metrics, including those that were unchanged or not discussed on this
call. If you have any questions about matters discussed this morning, please
feel free to call me or one of my colleagues in the investor relations office.
Think you for joining us this morning.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS,
OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE CALLS. IN
NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042816a5916511.711










 EXECUTIVES (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); CONFERENCES
& CONVENTIONS (88%); COMPANY REVENUES (72%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (72%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (67%)










  AETNA INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (71%);

JEFFERIES LLC (70%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (58%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (58%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

STERNE AGEE GROUP INC (57%)










 AET (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (90%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(71%); JPM (NYSE) (58%); JPM (LSE) (58%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MEETING FACILITATION (72%); WEBCASTS (72%)










 MARK BERTOLINI (94%)










 May 1, 2016




