FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
23, 2020 Thursday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 10689 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR, Corporate Relations & Sustainability

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* Michael Joseph Sison

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - Senior
Analyst

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Prashant N. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc., Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
& Agriculture Research and MD

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Air Products and
Chemicals Third Quarter Earnings Release Call. Today's call is being recorded
at the request of Air Products. Please note that the presentation and the
comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air
Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR, CORPORATE RELATIONS & SUSTAINABILITY,
AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Liane. Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to Air Products Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Results Teleconference.
This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be
joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.

After our comments, we will be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please
refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our
earnings release and on Slide #2.

In addition, throughout today's discussion, we will refer to
various financial measures. Unless we specifically state otherwise, when we
refer to earnings per share, EBITDA, EBITDA margin and ROCE, both on a
company-wide and segment basis, we are referring to our adjusted non-GAAP
financial measures. Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted
EBITDA margin and return on capital employed. Reconciliations can be found on
our website in the relevant earnings release section.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone. As
always, we thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call
today.

Before we talk about our results this quarter, please turn
to Slide #3. As I said last quarter, the true character and leadership of
individuals and companies are revealed during times of crisis. And
unfortunately, this crisis continues at different levels in different places
around the world. Our #1 priority has been and will continue to be the safety
and wellbeing of our people. We have provided all the necessary protective
equipment and instituted protocols focused on the safety and health of our people.
I want to thank our employees for following these procedures and working hard
to serve our customers under challenging conditions.

In addition, as we mentioned last quarter, to ensure the
peace of mind during this time of high stress with COVID-19, we have not
reduced the staff nor cut anybody's salaries. Our people are doing a great job
in keeping all of our 750 plants running around the world. All of our corporate
and business functions are running smoothly, we continue to win mega projects
around the world and serve our customers and deliver good results despite the
significant crisis facing our world.

Our robust business model is proving its resilience
globally. Our onsite business remained stable. In addition, we have maintained
our focus on pricing discipline, despite the lower volumes. And as you can see,
our merchant businesses delivered improved pricing in all of our regions. Our
business model supports and enables our strong financial position and we
successfully accessed the debt markets in April to ensure we are ready for our
exciting growth opportunities, which there are plenty of.

We continue to execute on our growth opportunities,
including the $7 billion carbon-free hydrogen project we announced earlier in
July, and a $2 billion coal-to-methanol project in Indonesia. We remain
confident and optimistic we can successfully deploy our very strong balance
sheet and ongoing cash flow to create significant value for our shareholders.

As Scott will explain in more detail later, we set a goal
for ourselves in 2018 to commit $15 billion of growth projects by end of 2022.
We are actually 2.5 years ahead of schedule. And as of now, we have already
committed almost $16 billion, a great job by our business development team
around the world. And while we are proud of succeeding our -- of exceeding our
goal, we still have substantial capacity and projects for additional projects
to continue our growth path.

Please now turn to Slide #4. I'm pleased that our team
stayed focused on working safely throughout these challenging operating
conditions.

Look at Slide #5, which is the goal we set for ourselves in
2014. I am proud to say that today, Air Products is the safest and most
profitable industrial gas company in the world.

At Slide #6, we have showed you many times before, and we
continue to believe in our management philosophy that cash is king and that
prudent capital allocation is one of the most important jobs of any CEO.

Slide #7 lays out our 5-point strategy moving forward with
an emphasis on our higher purpose as a company.

Now please turn to Slide #8, where you can see the exciting
innovative carbon-free hydrogen project we announced a few weeks ago. This is a
unique world-class project to produce carbon-free hydrogen with 0 carbon -- 0
footprint carbon hydrogen for the global markets. Air Products, NEOM and ACWA
Power will invest about $5 billion to produce green ammonia from wind and solar
power in NEOM, Saudi Arabia. Air Products will take all the green ammonia and
invest an additional $2 billion to develop the infrastructure to convert the
ammonia to carbon-free hydrogen and deliver it to bus and truck peoples around
the world. Therefore, Air Products' overall investment in the total project
will be about $3.7 billion, and we expect the financial returns to exceed our
previous commitments.

This project is a true game changer for the carbon-free
hydrogen market, which as we have always said, we expect to grow significantly
in the next decade. And we are positioning Air Products to continue to be the
leader in the hydrogen space.

On Slide #9, you can see another great project, a $2 billion
investment in Indonesia to gasify coal to methanol. Air Products will take coal
from Bakrie and Ithaca and provide methanol under a long-term onsite business
model. Once again, this demonstrates the expansion of our onsite business
model, enabling us to offer customers a one-stop and complete solution,
providing the products they need from the feedstocks that they have. The
fundamental drivers of this project are the national security and energy
independence policies of the government of Indonesia, and we expect to do more
projects like this in Indonesia.

Please turn to Slide #10, our gasification strategy. All the
projects you see here continue to move forward. There are fundamental drivers
creating significant growth opportunities in gasification. Countries and large
companies around the world continue to focus on gasification to utilize the
abundant natural resources they have to produce chemicals, transportation fuels
and energy in a sustainable manner. We continue to make progress on our
important $12 billion Jazan gasification project for Saudi Aramco. Despite the
current challenging times, I am very happy to report today that we have now
launched the $7 billion financing required for this project and we expect to
close the transaction in October of 2020. Scott will have some more to say
about this thing in his portion.

As I am sure the investors and analysts will notice, we have
removed the YK project from our project list and our backlog. This was a large
coal gasification project in China. We have always told investors over the past
2 years that we will only do this project if we can get formal allocation of
coal reserves dedicated entirely to this specific project. We have now come to
the conclusion that this might not happen in the near future. It might happen
later, but it's not happening in the near future. And as a result, we are
removing this project from our backlog. If we ever get the allocation, then we
can add it to our backlog. But right now, it is not appropriate to count on it.

Now please to Slide #11. Thanks to the hard work of our team
and the strength of our business model, our EBITDA margin remained over 40%,
which is up 1,700 basis points from early 2014.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to provide a
financial overview. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Seifi. As Seifi stated earlier, our company's
financial position is very strong. Our cash flow generation is very stable,
supported by our industry-leading onsite business, which represents more than
half of our sales. We were able to complete a highly successful $5 billion debt
offering, which was enthusiastically received by investors and enables us to
deploy significant capital into high-return projects.

Please turn to Slide 12, where you can see a summary of our
April issuance of $3.8 billion and EUR 1 billion of fixed rate debt, raising
about $5 billion of cash in total. We are committed to manage our debt balance
to maintain our target A/A2 rating, while continuing to pursue our capital
deployment strategy. We plan to use this cash to repay about $1 billion of debt
maturing between now and the end of 2021, and to fund the Jazan project as well
as our other exciting growth project opportunities.

We have announced several strategic investments this
quarter, and we firmly believe that investing in high-return projects will
create more shareholder value than share buybacks. We are committed to
rewarding our investors by increasing the dividend and growing the company by
deploying capital. As shown on Slide 13, Air Products has delivered 38
consecutive years of dividend increase through many periods of challenging
economic conditions.

Now please turn to Slide 14 for a summary of our third
quarter results. Our teams around the world have worked very hard managing
through this crisis. We are encouraged to see that our businesses have been
resilient under these challenging conditions. I would like to thank our team
for their focus on health, safety, and serving our customers reliably, a job
very well done. Despite the unprecedented disruption caused by COVID-19, our adjusted
EBITDA of $880 million closely matched prior year and last quarter, supported
by the stability of our businesses and the positive actions taken during this
time, including price increases, cost management, LNG project execution and
acquisitions.

We delivered price improvement in all 3 regions. Overall,
price was up 2%, the 12th consecutive quarter of year-over-year price increase,
and also increased 1% sequentially. For the quarter, higher price nearly offset
lower volume. The 7% decline in sales was mainly the result of 4% lower energy
pass-through and 2% unfavorable currencies, primarily the Chinese RMB, the
Chilean peso, Korean won and the euro. Volume was unfavorable 3% as new plants
increased LNG activities and acquired assets only partially offset the negative
impact due to COVID-19 and the volume impact from planned maintenance outages.

COVID-19 reduced overall sales by about 9% and lowered
merchant volume about 14%, primarily in Americas and Europe. EBITDA margin
reached 42.7%, the fifth consecutive quarter exceeding 40% and up 260 basis
points compared to prior year, and 240 basis points higher than last quarter.
About 140 basis points of the improvement versus prior year was from lower
energy pass-through, with the rest primarily driven by higher price and lower
costs.

COVID-19 negatively impacted EPS by about $0.35 to $0.40.
EPS is down 7% despite consistent EBITDA due to higher depreciation on new
plants, including the PBF hydrogen plants, additional interest expense from the
new debt issuance and higher tax rates. ROCE of 12.4% is down 30 basis points
from prior year, negatively impacted by about 80 basis points from the step-up
in the denominator from the additional $5 billion of debt.

Now please turn to Slide 15. Our third quarter adjusted EPS
of $2.01 was down $0.16 per share or 7%, despite the negative $0.35 to $0.40
impact from COVID-19. Volume, price and cost together were down by a modest
$0.05 despite the negative COVID-19 impact. Costs contributed $0.04, primarily
due to lower travel and reduced maintenance activities. We are pleased with the
overall positive cost this quarter, even as we continue to invest in the
resources for future growth.

Currency and foreign exchange was $0.05 unfavorable,
primarily due to the Chinese RMB, Chilean peso, Korean won and the euro. Equity
affiliate income was down $0.02 due to COVID-19. The effective tax rate was
19.3% for the quarter, up 70 basis points over last year and had a negative
$0.02 impact. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of 20% to 21% in
fiscal year 2020. The additional $0.02 reduction in other is primarily due to
the higher interest expense associated with the additional $5 billion of debt,
partially offset by lower pension costs.

Now please turn to Slide 16. We continue to generate strong
operational cash flow. As I mentioned, our EBITDA has held firm despite
COVID-19 global pandemic, again, demonstrating the quality of our business
model. Over the last 12 months, we generated about $2.7 billion or about $12
per share of distributable cash flow. From this distributable cash flow, we
paid almost 40% or over $1 billion as dividends to our shareholders and still
have about $1.6 billion available for high-return industrial gas investments.
This strong cash flow, even in uncertain times, enables us to continue to
create shareholder value through increasing dividends and capital deployment.

Now please turn to Slide 17. As I'm sure you will all
remember, in 2018, we said we saw significant potential for high value-creating
capital deployment. In fact, we communicated a 5-year target of committing $15
billion of new investments by the end of 2022. I am pleased to say that today,
after less than 3 years, we have already been able to commit nearly $16
billion, exceeding our original goal more than 2 years ahead of schedule. We
certainly took a significant step-up this quarter despite removing Yankuang,
driven by the large Saudi Arabia and Indonesia projects.

Slide #18 provides additional details on the significant
progress we made on our capital deployment this quarter. As you can see, we
expect almost $18 billion of investment capacity available over the 5-year
period from FY 2018 through FY 2022. Our total capacity is expected to continue
to grow as we increase EBITDA. The $18 billion includes over $9 billion of cash
and additional debt capacity available today, almost $4 billion of investable
cash flow between now and the end of FY '22 and almost $5 billion already
spent. We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance to maintain our current
targeted A/A2 rating.

As Seifi said, we continue to sign new projects. So our
total project and M&A commitments has significantly increased to about
$12.5 billion, with about $11 billion remaining to spend on that. So you can
see, we have already spent almost 30% and already committed about 90% of our
total available capacity. But to be clear, we still have plenty of capacity
available to deploy in high-return projects as some of this commitment spending
will occur after 2022 and our capacity will continue to increase as EBITDA
increases.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you very much, Scott. I am very
pleased to say that our teams have done an exceptional job proactively
responding to the current crisis. All 3 regions delivered strong pricing
results and higher EBITDA margins this quarter. In addition, our costs are
under control and we also brought new projects on the stream and acquired
assets, which have added to our results.

Now please turn to Slide #19, our Asia results. Our volumes
in the third quarter were down mainly due to some negative impact from COVID-19
and planned maintenance shutdowns in 2 of our large facilities in China. Our
team in Asia has stayed totally focused and disciplined on pricing, like the
rest of the regions. Our merchant pricing in this region was up 4% in the
quarter versus prior year. I would like to emphasize that this is the 13th
consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement in this region. Our
EBITDA for the region was down 2% versus prior year, primarily due to
unfavorable currency. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 50% was up 100 basis points
over prior year, driven by pricing and favorable costs.

Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to discuss
Americas' results. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
20 for a review of our Americas' results. Americas' strong pricing trend
continued, up 2% versus last year. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of
year-on-year improvement. Price was better across most major product lines.
Sequentially, price was up, but rounded to 0. COVID-19 negatively impacted
sales by approximately 8%, while lower energy pass-through and unfavorable
currency reduced sales by another 6% and 2%, respectively.

Overall volumes were down 5% as the effect of COVID-19,
which reduced merchant volumes by 15%, was partially offset by other growth,
including the PBF hydrogen plant asset acquisition. As expected, the onsite
business, which accounts for about 2/3 of the region's sales, remained stable.
The merchant volumes in June did show some modest improvement.

EBITDA of $411 million was flat compared to last year as the
impact of lower volumes was offset by better price, productivity and lower
plant maintenance activities, some of which were delayed into the fourth
quarter. EBITDA margin approached 50%, up 550 basis points with energy
pass-through contributing about half of this increase.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Now please turn to Slide
21 for a review of our Europe, Middle East and Africa region results. Our EMEA
business continued to deliver strong price despite the challenging COVID-19-related
economic conditions in the region. Price increased 3%, with improvement across
all major products and subregions. This is the tenth consecutive quarter of
year-on-year price improvement. Price was also up sequentially, but rounded to
0.

Volume was down 7% as the adverse effect of COVID-19 and
maintenance outages more than offset positive onsite business. Merchant volumes
were down about 20%, with weaker demand from packaged gas customers.

For the quarter, COVID-19 lowered sales about 13%. Sales were
also negatively impacted by 6% from lower energy pass-through and 3% from
unfavorable currency. EBITDA of $170 million was down 11% as the weaker volumes
and unfavorable currency was only partially offset by strong price. EBITDA
margin of nearly 40% improved over 100 basis points, as energy pass-through
contributed about 200 basis points. Similar to the Americas results, we did see
some modest recovery in Europe merchant volumes toward the end of the quarter.

Now please turn to Slide 22, Global Gases, which includes
our non-LNG sale of equipment businesses as well as central industrial gas
costs. Sales increased due to higher sale of equipment project activities, but
profit is lower due to higher project development costs as we continue to
invest to support future projects.

Please turn to Slide 23. Corporate, which includes LNG and
other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Sales and profits were higher
this quarter, driven by LNG project activity, including the Golden Pass and
Mozambique LNG projects.

Now to provide some additional thoughts on the future, I'll
turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. I do not need to tell
any of you about the current crisis and its significant impact on the world and
global economy. You see it and read about it every day. The COVID-19 recovery
is very mixed around the world, with some areas back to normal activity, some
slowly recovering and some unfortunately, seeing significant community spread
and having to implement or reinstate restrictions.

We are clearly living in uncertain times and that makes it
very difficult to make any reasonable projections for the future. Therefore, we
are not providing any guidance for our fourth quarter performance. But I can
and will tell you about what we are seeing so far in the month of July. As of
today, the 23rd of July, the 52% of our sales that is our onsite business is
doing well, and we expect this to continue. In Asia, our merchant volumes are
at similar levels as we saw in October in quarter 3. In Europe, our merchant
volumes have been improving and are now down about 10% so far in July versus
last year. In the Americas, where we see the greatest uncertainty on the future
economic recovery, our merchant volumes are down about 10% so far in July versus
last year. As a reminder, we do not have a packaged gases business in the
United States. However, we do expect higher maintenance costs in the fourth
quarter, as a number of plant outages by our customers were delayed from
quarter 3.

I would also like to add that although we are concerned
about the short-term effects of COVID-19 and its impact on the world economy,
we do not see any slowdown on the demand for our growth opportunities, the mega
projects around the world, hydrogen for mobility, gasification, carbon capture
and all of that. Therefore, I remain -- continue to remain very optimistic
about prospects for future growth for Air Products.

Now please turn to Slide #24. Now more than ever, our real
competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we
have at Air Products. Our business model and strong financial position will
allow us to continue to execute our strategy to create long-term shareholder
value. A top priority is the ongoing growth of our dividend also. We are committed
to increasing our dividend as we go forward. The projects in our backlog
continue as expected and we continue to win significant projects to create
long-term shareholder value. Most importantly, we will continue to protect our
people's health and safety and take care of their welfare and their families.

Let me end today by thanking our 17,000 employees around the
world for their dedication and commitment. Their work will drive us forward. We
are proud to play a critical role and make a difference to the world during
this challenging time and into the future. That is our higher purpose at Air
Products. All of us at Air Products, we all stand together to make a
difference.

Now we are pleased to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first
question today from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Just want to understand, maybe starting in Europe, the EBITDA
percentage decline was a little bit more than in the other regions. Is that
just sort of the math of the lower margins in that region versus the other two?
Or was there a mix issue? Or any incremental color you can provide on that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Vincent, no. It is just the fact that it
is a lower margin than the other parts of the world. I would like to ask Scott,
do you have any additional comments on that? But...

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: No, nothing more. We continue -- we
did have an outage in one facility, but there's nothing of systemic issues or
anything like that. Just as you mentioned, this is a lower-margin business
overall.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. Very good. And just as.

(technical difficulty)

There was a lot of conversation about decaptivation
opportunities. And I'm just wondering if that's still something that's front of
plate or the opportunities we all thought were big 3 months ago maybe have come
and gone as the financial markets have recovered?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. I think those opportunities are still
there, Vincent. It's just that some of them take a long time for it to happen,
but we don't see any slowdown on those and some of those [decapitations] are
fundamental to strategic decisions by some of our customers of divesting of
their noncore business. It's not so much driven by COVID or cash flow issues. I
mean Saudi Aramco doesn't have any cash flow issue, but they do want to get rid
of some of their noncore assets or other companies. So we continue to look at
those and if anything happens, obviously, we'll tell you.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jim Sheehan
with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So you've exceeded your goal -- your prior
goal for capital deployment. Do you think that means that you should be more
aggressive with the next target? And when might we see that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, thanks for the kind comments, I'll
take it as a positive comment. We have always said that if you do the math and
take the projects that we have announced, calculate the EBITDA for them and
then obviously, our capacity goes up and so on, you can come up with the fact
that Air Products can invest $30 billion in total. So we are just going to
continue doing what we are doing. And as I promised you last time, next summer,
we will give you another 5-year plan in terms of what we want to do for the --
for another 5-year period, now that we have achieved our goal.

But the opportunities are there. They are very significant.
And we are not running out of capacity and so on. The math that Scott is doing
is very appropriate, but he is only allowed to use our current last 12-month
EBITDA. And I'm sure you have done the math, a lot of the investors have done
the math and they say, "Seifi, you're going to spend $30 billion?"
and I said, "Yes, it's possible." So we continue to be very
optimistic.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Now if the U.S. corporate tax rate is
raised to 28% after the presidential election, what impact might that have on
your effective tax rate? Or what can you say maybe about any possible earnings
impacts you see from changing of tax policy?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, you are very familiar with the
impact it had when the number went down, so you can just reverse that. And you
would also need to realize that more than 60% of our business, almost 70% of
our business is outside the United States. And therefore, the tax rate in the
U.S. does affect our results, but it's not as significant as if you had 100% of
our business in the U.S. But you have a very clear reference point. I mean,
when it was reduced, you saw how much it benefited us. We were very open about
that. So...

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Kevin McCarthy with
Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: I think you made a comment that a customer plant maintenance activity is
likely to have an impact on your earnings in the fiscal fourth quarter. Can you
elaborate on that in terms of the size of the impact and which regions you're
seeing that activity?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Kevin, first of all, that is a comment
which we made about Americas. In the U.S., there are some plant -- as you know,
our maintenance shutdowns are determined by the customers. We can't take our
plant down unless they take it to paper. Some of the customers decided they
were going to do that in the U.S. in the -- or fiscal year third quarter, now
they have decided to do it next quarter. So that comment is related to Americas
only. And the effect of that is some -- the -- are -- they are always very
transparent. We do that, but it is not a material effect.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: And then as a second question, I'd
be very interested to hear your outlook on China as it relates to potential new
projects. Obviously, you've taken YK out of the official budget for now. At the
macro level, it would seem that tensions are rising between the U.S. and China.
What are you seeing on the ground? And how would you assess potential for
meaningful new projects in the region over the next year or 2?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We don't see any significant change. We
are a global company. The Chinese look at us as a global company. We have
invested more than $10 billion in China since 1988, in the last 32 years that
we have been there. Our business is very local. And therefore, at least up to
now, the so-called tensions between the 2 countries hasn't affected us at all.
And there are plenty of opportunities that we are pursuing there.

The fact that we took YK out, I've been talking about that
for the last 2 years to the investor that it was just a matter of the coal
allocation, and we don't want to do a big project in China if we are not
assured of the supply of coal. So that -- don't read into that as if our
opportunities in China has reduced or anything like that. Now we are working on
projects in China as we are working anywhere else in the world.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Steve Byrne
with Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Sorry about that. So some of the Japanese utilities
have been testing ammonia as a feedstock blend for power production. And just
wanted to know if you had a view on the technical feasibility of that concept
say, versus a hydrogen blend in with natural gas? Or could the ammonia actually
reduce NOx? And do you see feasibility in delivering ammonia into this end
market from your Saudi project as opposed to the dissociation requirement to
sell hydrogen for fuel cell recharging stations?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you for your question. Number one,
technically, it is feasible. But with respect to us, we were very, very clear
when we announced the NEOM project that we are not in the business of selling
ammonia. We are selling carbon-free hydrogen. So whether it is technically
feasible or not, those are not the applications that we are looking at because
we don't think they are as highly value-adding as hydrogen for mobility. Our
ammonia for us is just a transport medium to take the hydrogen gas from Saudi
Arabia and convert it to something that can be transported. So we are in the
business of selling hydrogen, not ammonia, whether it is green or blue or
anything like that. That's not our business.

STEVE BYRNE: And just a question about -- yes, sure. Just a
follow-up on the Indonesia project, like the Saudi project, there's a component
here that's moving downstream into synthetic chemistry. And just wanted to hear
your comfort level with that or what you do to mitigate that risk of moving
into a new unit operation there? And would it be reasonable to assume that you
do so because you're expecting maybe a higher return on that investment?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, we are not getting
into the methanol business, as you know, very well. The only thing that we have
added to our scope is building the plant and operating the plant. The product
is going to be sold by other people and the variations on that is the
responsibility of other people. In terms of the unit operation of methanol, obviously,
people are running methanol plants all over the word. But we did realize that
we did not have that experience directly and that is why we made the strategic
alignment with Haldor Topsoe, who is the leader in production of ammonia and
methanol and all of that. And therefore, we are using their technology and
their help in enabling us to do that part of unit operation without any risk.

OPERATOR: Our next question will come from PJ Juvekar with
Citi.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS & AGRICULTURE
RESEARCH AND MD, CITIGROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So I had a question on your
green hydrogen project in Saudi Arabia. You mentioned that the opportunity is
huge, and you can keep repeating that project. Then you also have this gray
hydrogen, what you call gray hydrogen on the Gulf Coast from natural gas, and
then you have the more polluting coal gasification. I guess my question is, if
the hydrogen opportunity is so big, then why tie up the capital in more
polluting coal gasification?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: PJ, you're asking an excellent question,
but it is very much -- I don't want to oversimplify but it is like when people
go buy a car. Some people like to buy a Rolls-Royce and some people like to buy
a Bentley, and some people like to buy a Toyota Camry. Therefore, we are there
to serve the market. People are going -- some people are going to say, "I
don't care about CO2 emissions. I just want the hydrogen because I'm worried
about pollution in my own specific city. Therefore, give me hydrogen, and I don't
care how it is made." And some people might say, "No, I want blue
hydrogen," and some people say, "No, I want carbon-free
hydrogen." Therefore, we are the largest producer of hydrogen in the world
and therefore, we feel obligated to have all 3 options available and sell it to
the market. As I said, it's just like -- not everybody wants the same thing,
and therefore, as a result of that, we don't want to kind of walk away from
business by saying, "No, we only sell carbon-free hydrogen." Why not?
The other things we are making -- selling hydrogen right now, gray hydrogen in
California for mobility, and it's very profitable. Why shouldn't we continue
doing that if the customers demand that? So that is our philosophy to be able
to sell in a spectrum of customers. And that it's like -- yes. You know what I
mean. Yes.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR: That's helpful. And a question for
Scott. Scott, can you go over sort of the merchant pricing in the quarter in
different regions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Sure. Scott, do you want to answer
that?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Absolutely. Let me answer it,
both in terms of the merchant on the segment as well as what we refer to as, so
called, merchant-on-merchant. So for the company, overall, pricing up 2%. And
you know that, that is all merchant, because there's not really any pricing in
your onsite business. So let me give you from a total company perspective, 2%.
And then Americas was 2%, Europe was 3% and Asia was 2%. That's the total
price.

Let me now put it to you on a merchant-on-merchant basis.
The company was 4%, it's roughly twice but the way it goes is 4%
merchant-on-merchant for the company, 5% for Americas, 4% for EMEA and 4% for
Asia. Hopefully that answers your question.

OPERATOR: Our next question will come from Mike Sison with
Wells Fargo.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Nice quarter. Appreciate sort of the
insight on the COVID impact in EPS. Some of that's cost, some of that's volume.
Can you maybe just frame what needs to happen to get all that back in, I guess,
next year? Is it possible to get that back next year? Just kind of thinking
through how to rebuild some of that earnings power.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: But the thing is that next year, you know
that we have our costs under control. So we are not going to have an issue with
the cost. Then our onsite business is going well, and it will continue going
well. Then it all becomes the issue of mix and volume. You know that we are
committed to pricing. That is a principle that I've been talking about in every
call. We are committed to that, and you see that we are delivering 4% price
increases during the time that the world is basically shut down.

So we are committed to that. Then the only thing that is
there is the volumes and merchant volumes and the merchant volumes, as we have
always said, is directly related to industrial production activity in different
regions. So right now, China is almost back to normal. So next year, it will
actually -- our team will be better than this year because they are talking
about now China growing about 8%. I had a conversation with a very high level
person last night that was predicting about 8% growth in China. So I think that
will be there.

And then you need to kind of figure out how would Europe
come out of this thing and how would the Americas come out of there. So we are
very much at the mercy of that. I mean, if you want to have a rosy picture that
there will be a vaccine and everything will be back to normal, which I hope is
the case, then we'll be doing great next year. Plus the fact that in addition
to that, in terms of growth of our EPS, please don't forget that if we are able
to close Jazan, which we announced the fact that we are in the market for the
financing sometime in October, then that will give us a significant boost in
terms of EPS in 2021. Okay?

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Got it. And then just a quick
follow-up. You gave us European and Americas merchant for July. You guys have
better visibility than we do. Any thoughts on where you think it could go in
August or September?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I don't know where it will go
because it's just like a little bit the last time we had our results. It was a
question of whether America seems to be on demand, but now we bend the other
way. But I don't want to predict that, but I kind of honestly, right now, I
don't see any reason why it should get worse, but who knows? We can't predict
it.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Duffy Fischer
with Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR & SENIOR CHEMICAL
ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First question, just on your $15
billion plus of commitment now. It's been a couple, 3-, 4-year journeys. If you
go back to the beginning of that, how did it turn out different? Obviously, you
probably had a preconceived notion of what that $15 billion employed would look
like. What was different about it? How it returns versus what maybe you thought
originally, geographic split versus original, and then kind of end markets versus
original?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The thing that turned out differently --
you're asking an excellent question. Number one, the hydrogen for mobility came
sooner than I thought. I thought the hydrogen for mobility will be more like
2023, 2024. But fortunately, we've been able to put that project together and
announce it. Then the other thing is that the so-called asset buybacks ended up
to be bigger than we thought. Because at the time we announced it, I didn't
expect us to do a $12 billion asset buyback from Saudi Aramco with the Jazan
project. So those are the 2 main things that has -- was a little bit different
than what we talked, which has allowed us to be 2.5 years ahead of schedule.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Great. And then just one follow-up on
NEOM project or maybe two parts to it. One, when do you need to order your long
lead time equipment for that project? And two, what infrastructure needs to be
put in place by the country before you're able to start doing what you need to
do, whether that's ports or electric power streets? What do we need to see on
the ground happen there first before you start to put your capital in?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: First of all, in terms of long lead
items, we are already talking to people. And then secondly, in terms of what
needs to happen in Saudi Arabia, they just need to give us a piece of land.
That's it. We are going to be self-sufficient. There, we are going to build
everything. We are going to build the power plant, we are going to build the
water desalination plant, we are going to build the roads. We are going to
build the port and the whole thing. So we are not dependent on anything
specific happening there. We'll be very much self-sufficient.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jeff
Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JPMORGAN CHASE &
CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, I think you said that the NEOM project will have
4 gigawatts of power. Do you need 4 gigawatts of power to supply a 1.2 million
ton ammonia plant? Or can you talk about the point of that amount of power
generation?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, yes, you are asking me, first of
all, hope all is well with you. Secondly, you're asking me a question that gets
me into confidentiality and all of that with our partners. You obviously do not
need 4 megawatts of power to produce 650 tons a day of hydrogen. That is very
easy to calculate. You know that every kilogram of hydrogen requires
approximately 60 kilowatts. That can be calculated and then we say 75%, and
that means you need to multiply by about 2, just to make sure that you have
enough power to run your facilities. And then it's not difficult to calculate
how much power the ASU needs or the ammonia plant needs. So you obviously do
not need 4 megawatts. Therefore, there are other plans for the excess that I
cannot talk about.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: So the economics of the project are
complicated because there may be other dimensions to it other than hydrogen
production.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Which would be accretive to what it is.
Anything else will be additive rather than subtractive.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jonas
Oxgaard with Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: A question on the CapEx. So you mentioned that
some of the CapEx in your backlog is going to be spent pretty far in the
future. So can you give us a little bit more of a cadence of how much cash do
you have available to spend over the next 2 to 3 years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: As of right now, Scott is sitting on $6
billion of cash, not a little bit more than that. And we do generate a lot of
cash even after paying dividends, and you should all see the slides. So we have
plenty of cash to do all of the projects we have talked about and still continue
to pay dividend and increase the dividend.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Yes, I guess more wondering about how much
room there is to sign up more projects with near-term cash outlays. Or is what
you have now what should we get for the next couple of years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, no, no. There's plenty of room
because we can always go and issue additional bonds because our EBITDA goes up.
We have plenty of room. The company right now, our net debt is about less than
0.5 EBITDA. So we have a lot of room. I think that's a very important point
there to make that we are not constrained for additional growth, and you should
expect us to continue to announce mega projects as we go forward. We are not
slowing down.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. And I'm curious there just -- you
put your backlog in the context of your target. Are you going to take the
opportunity to update the target to change the time frame of it?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Next summer, we will do that. Next
summer, we'll give you another 5-year plan. So that you have visibility to 2026
or something like that.

OPERATOR: And next we'll go to Chris Parkinson with Crédit
Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Great. Seifi, can you just further speak
about the proposal for your HRS strategy? And then also your technological
positioning and just how it varies versus what others are now progressively
proposing with their own projects, since obviously, in some cases, at a much
smaller scale. It's fairly clear that distribution will be integral to
anybody's strategy. But from your perspective, what makes your -- ultimately,
your value chain proposal different other than just the green aspect -- the
fully green aspect of it?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that what makes it
unique is the fact that we have come up with a practical solution that you can
actually execute. I mean, people are talking about a lot of different theories,
but we have come up with a way of taking green hydrogen and actually converting
it to something that can be transported and delivered through a different
station in -- whether it is in Frankfurt or Tokyo or Shanghai. I mean that is
the innovation and the fact that the hydrogen refueling stations are
self-sufficient, that means we are not going to require power from the grid,
which is not clean power. And we are not going to require power from the grids
around the compressors because those compressors use a lot of power. In order
to put hydrogen into a truck, you need to raise the pressure to about 10,000
pounds per square inch. That requires a lot of compression. So if somebody
says, "Well, I'm going to connect to the grid." First of all, that
requires a lot of voltage and a lot of electricity. And secondly, that grid
have the -- have power produced from that grid.

So what we have come up is a unique thing that we just don't
touch anything related to carbon, produce the hydrogen and put it in somebody's
truck. Some people put a lot of value on that. As I said before, to another
answer to another question, some people might say, "No, I don't care how
you make the hydrogen. I just want you to make it somewhere else and then I
want to convert the buses in my city to hydrogen because then, there is no
pollution in my city." But the fact that the world is getting warmer, that
is somebody else's problem. But that is -- but the uniqueness of the NEOM
project is that we have come up with something practical that 4 years from now,
you can actually deliver hydrogen, carbon-free to a truck wherever it is. It's
not a theory, it's a practical way of doing.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Got it. And then just second
question, just -- there's also been a lot of chatter about carbon capture and
people thought it was a long way off, but then again, everybody thought that
about hydrogen as well. If we just look at -- we know you have a proven
technology. So we know there's a demand spectrum that's evolving in the state
of California, which could arguably apply to PBF and then also a few different
areas, which are already being explored in Northwest Europe. Just how should we
think about these opportunities in terms of your own technology, competitive
positioning? And is your enthusiasm up or down versus even just a few months
ago? Because it appears there's clearly something here as well.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are very, very enthusiastic about
carbon capture. We have a lot of projects in development. And when the time
comes, we will announce them. We have -- we are very excited about that because
that is another significant solution because if you can capture carbon, and
kind of create -- you can create blue everything. You can capture carbon, you
can make blue methanol. You can then make blue urea, you can -- yes. I mean,
the carbon capture is very, very essential part of everything because no matter
how many NEOMs we build, the world has 1.2 billion cars running around. So
carbon capture and hydrocarbons are still going to be used. And if you can find
a way of capturing the CO2, that can be a huge business. We have always said
that, and we continue to work on that and develop the projects for them. And I
think in the next 2 or 3 years, you will hear about us coming out with real
commercial proposals on that.

OPERATOR: Our next question will come from David Begleiter with
Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just on Jazan, if assuming it closes in
October, how should we think about the earnings ramp-up in fiscal '21 from
Jazan?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, with Jazan, when it comes on, it is
going to -- I mean, if we close, we close and then we get our DFC. And we have
given you some guidance, you know how much capital we are employing. You know
the kind of the rule of thumb of $0.10 of operating income per dollar of
investment. And then you can calculate what the effect will be.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very good. And just in China -- yes. I'm
sorry. Just China and hydrogen...

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, no. Go ahead please.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Yes. One of your competitors have
announced a couple of MOUs with respect to China and hydrogen in the last week
or so. What's your strategy? And should there be multiple players and winners
in -- for hydrogen in China going forward?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is, I don't want to make
any comments about what our competitors are doing. I mean they should answer
that about what is the difference between an MOU and a signed contract and what
is aspirational project and a real project. But that's up to them. I don't have
any comments about that. But in terms of our prospects in China, we are working
on many, many, many opportunities in terms of supplying hydrogen. We are
building hydrogen fueling stations there. Most of them are so-called gray
hydrogen, but that is what they want. They are not -- in China, they are not
yet too enthusiastic about green hydrogen. They seem to be happy. They are more
focused on carbon capture and so-called blue hydrogen.

But we are there, we are working. And as I said, we want to
supply the broad spectrum. We actually have a lot of activity in terms of
hydrogen fueling stations in China. I think if you count them, we probably are
working on 120 projects. But we don't put out -- any time we do something, we
don't put out a press announcement.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: And I'll
only ask one since we're going long here. I think you said merchant volumes
were down 10% in North -- in the Americas and in EMEA in July. Were they down
about 10% in June as well? Are we plateauing here in terms of the improvement
in merchant volumes?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Approximately, that's a correct statement.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from Bob Koort
with Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP, INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: I appreciate your patience, Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that absolutely -- we
wouldn't have ended the conference call until we got a question from you. I'm
sure it's a difficult one, but I'm getting myself ready for you.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: Tough setup. Well, yes, I wanted to ask
you, on the coal gasification, you guys did a good job of assembling
technology. You have the capital available, you have the willingness to do it.
When we look at this green hydrogen effort, I mean, I suppose also that your
capital availability is an advantage. It sounds like you've got some
electrolyzer technology that's an advantage, and you've certainly shown a
willingness to do it. But I would also suspect there's a long list of others
that want to break into this market. So what do you see as your secret sauce?
What is your competitive advantage here? Is it the relationships? Is it the
technology? Is it the capital? Give us a sense why Air Products is fit to win
here.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Bob, excellent question. The thing
is that in order to make or bring about a project like NEOM, what you need,
number one, you need to have a building partner who is going to give you access
to a location, which has the sun and the wind. That means we need to have
access to the government. You need to convince the government. This is not
something that you go there and you buy a piece of property and try to do
something like that. You need vast quantities of area, and you are going to be
doing things in very sensitive areas and all of that. So that is the first
requirement. And with NEOM, I think we were able to do that. It's very
difficult to come up with, and if there are places in the world that might have
those kind of capabilities, you need to have a relationship and be able to
convince the government to support you. That's the first.

The second thing is obviously the idea of how to do this
thing. Now that we have announced it, I guess, everybody said, "Well, I
knew all about it, yes, we can convert it to ammonia." But I think that
was what sold the NEOM project because we demonstrated to the Saudi Arabian government,
which is really NEOM, that look, you are talking about a practical problem.
You're not just talking about, okay, we make hydrogen gas. And then we are day
dreaming about the fact that someday, somebody will build a ship to liquefy it
and take it to the market. It was a real solution there and a real project.

Then the third thing is that we have tied up with the
largest and most credible producer of electrolyzers. There is no other company
in the world right now that can match the capacity of thyssenkrupp in making
these stuff. So -- and they have -- as you know, we have an exclusive
arrangement with them. So that is the second thing. And then the third thing
is, obviously, the fact that we have been doing hydrogen fueling, and we have
more than 50 patents, with respect to actually hydrogen fueling stations and
how you put this stuff in somebody's trunk at 10,000 psi. And therefore, those
are the competitive advantages that we have.

But the most important thing is being the first starter, and
that is what we have done. So it's a little bit like gasification because right
now, any country, believe me, any country or anybody, anywhere in the world,
and I have examples of this, anybody in the world who is thinking about
gasification, whether it is a country, whether it's a company, whether it is a
chemical giant or a refinery giant, they pick up the phone and call Air
Products, and that gives you a significant advantage. And we hope to be the
same thing with respect to -- and over there, we have the tech -- we need to --
hope to be the same thing with hydrogen for mobility. And don't underestimate a
lot of other people wanted to do NEOM. It was the nicest here, the only one.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: Yes. That's helpful. And is there
meaningful differentiation in technology for electrolyzers? I know you've
mentioned thyssenkrupp and you got the alkalizers. Is that competitive? Or is
there advantages, disadvantage to proton exchange or solid oxide? Or is that a
stage-gating part of the process here? Or do you think that's not something
worth spending a bunch of time if we're on the outside looking in?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, I think this is public information.
The people who have this technology, thyssenkrupp has been doing this thing for
60 years. They have been doing it for making chlorine and all of that. So their
technology is very known and their manufacturing capacity is very well-known.
Obviously, Siemens is talking about their PEM technology. We did look at that
and we decided that thyssenkrupp was a better option for us at this stage. Now
would that PEM technology develop in something later on? It might or it might
not. The other people are small operation research professors doing things.
There is nobody there, which is quite honestly, credible.

OPERATOR: Our next question will come from Mike Harrison
with Seaport Global.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, generally, we think
about your merchant business as being more profitable when you have higher
utilization rates. Yet you seem to have delivered really good margin
performance here, even though you saw double-digit merchant declines in the
Americas and in Europe. So can you provide a little bit of detail or color on
what actions you were taking to prevent the merchant decline from having a more
pronounced impact on your margins?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Pricing, my friend. Focus on pricing. We
are not focused on volumes. We are focused on prices. And if we lose market
share, we lose market share. That is the philosophy that we announced about 2.5
years ago. You know very well. And we said that, look, the time has come for us
to increase prices on our products because we haven't increased prices for 10
years. Our costs are going up. We are spending a lot of money on development,
our cost of driving the trucks, our drivers cost more, our operators costs
more, and all of that. And therefore, we have been very focused on pricing, and
that is what is driving this thing. And you can see the pricing, I mean, when
you look at the history of the industrial gas businesses in the last 10 years,
there aren't that many places where even under normal times, people got 4%
price increases every quarter.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And then maybe a
question for Scott. Just the contribution of the PBF Energy acquisition in the
quarter from a revenue standpoint in Americas?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I will take that question because I don't
think Scott will answer that question because we don't want to disclose that. But
Mike, you can calculate that, right? We told you, it's $530 million. And we
keep saying that the minimum thing is $0.10 for every dollar of capital. So you
can calculate that pretty easily, right? And you know our tax rate is about
20%. So you can come to the conclusion and then figure out that it was in the
quarter for about 1.5 months, and you come up with a number. But we don't want
to go through the details of that because we do not want to exactly talk about
the profitability of that project.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: Understood. I think I was speaking
more in terms of the revenue contribution, just trying to break out what was
truly organic versus what was driven by an acquisition.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: On that one, you can make a good guess,
my friend. But we cannot go there. Sorry about that. You can give us a break at
least once in a while.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from Laurence
Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a quick question then. On the return on
capital on projects or the conversion rule of thumb, the $0.10 for every dollar
of CapEx, that's been sort of an industry benchmark for several decades. If you
look at the size of the addressable markets that you now have access to, your
technology position, your process know-how, just everything you're bringing to
the table to help make this all possible. When we look at the next wave of
projects and not the market creation projects, but the next wave after that,
should we expect the return on capital that Air Products can get to go higher
because of technology value and process know-how? Or should we -- or is there
something going on in the industry, where the $0.10 is a good rule of thumb for
the next decade?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are going to do better than $0.10. The
next phase is going to be more profitable.

OPERATOR: And our last question will come from John McNulty
with BMO Capital Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: Seifi, so you have a lot of future EBITDA coming on projects that are
-- won't be really materializing over the next couple of years, it's really
more of a '23 to '25 kind of time frame. And it looks like a growing portion of
your business is actually going to be tied into joint ventures, at least
relative to kind of past levels. So I guess with that, should we be thinking
about how EBITDA flows through to your cash flows similarly on those joint
ventures? Or is there anything that maybe holds back some of that cash so when
we start trying to compound things and look forward, we should maybe be
haircutting it a little bit? How should we be thinking about that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: John, you're asking a very, very good
question. Can I just make a comment, not everything is going to come on the
stream in '23, '24. We are going to have a lot coming on the stream in 2021, if
we close Jazan. Then in 2022, we have Jiutai and several other projects that
come on stream. So this is going to be a continuous growth. So we don't have a
big hole somewhere.

The other thing about the EBITDA and the joint ventures,
obviously, it depends and we don't have too many joint ventures, but the joint
ventures that we have, some of them, we can consolidate. Some of them, we
cannot consolidate. And the issue that becomes a very complex calculation on
all that. But I don't think you want to take too much of a haircut on the
EBITDAs because we did get most of it.

OPERATOR: And we currently have no further questions in the
queue at this time. I'd like to turn it back to our presenters for any
additional or closing remarks.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you. So I would have -- in closing,
I would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for listening to
our presentation. We appreciate your interest. And we look forward to
discussing our results with you again next quarter. As I said earlier, please
stay safe and healthy. And looking forward to talking to you in 3 months. All
the best. Thank you.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank
you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072320a13239851.751










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (89%); EBITDA
(89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); ESTATE, GIFT & TRUST LAW
(88%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); CHEMICALS RESEARCH (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (78%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (72%); LAWYERS
(67%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (56%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); JPM (NYSE) (84%);
JPM (LSE) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (83%); BCS (NYSE) (83%); BARC (LSE) (83%); DEUT
(JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE)
(83%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (72%); MS
(NYSE) (56%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES
DEALING (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES
(91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC
(91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES
OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL
BANKS, NEC (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS522210
CREDIT CARD ISSUING (83%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS (72%); NAICS523991
TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (71%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES
& AGENCY ACCOUNTS (70%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (70%); COMMERCIAL
BANKING (95%); EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH
(90%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%);
INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); CHEMICALS RESEARCH (78%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS (78%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (72%); LAWYERS (67%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (58%)










 July 26, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
23, 2020 Thursday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 10277 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR, Corporate Relations & Sustainability

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* Michael Joseph Sison

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - Senior
Analyst

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Prashant N. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
& Agriculture Research and MD

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Air Products and
Chemicals second quarter earnings release call. Today's call is being recorded
at the request of Air Products. Please note that this presentation and the
comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air
Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR, CORPORATE RELATIONS &
SUSTAINABILITY, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Leanne. Good
morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' Second Quarter 2020 Earnings
Results Teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor
Relations. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman,
President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com.

This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please
refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our
earnings release and on Slide #2.

In addition, throughout today's discussion, we will refer to
various financial measures. Unless we specifically state otherwise, when we
refer to earnings per share, EBITDA, EBITDA margin and ROCE, both on a
company-wide and segment basis, we are referring to our adjusted non-GAAP
financial measures: adjusted earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted
EBITDA margin and return on capital employed. Reconciliations can be found on
our website in the relevant earnings release section.

With the significant social and economic challenges the
world is currently facing from the COVID-19 pandemic, we have restructured our
call today to focus on the key information we believe is most important to our
investors. You can find our Q2 segment slides in the backup section, but we
won't go through them in detail on the call today.

Also, given the significant uncertainty that remains regarding
the duration of the crisis, the pace of recovery and the negative impact on the
global economy, Air Products is not providing Q3 FY '20 EPS guidance. In
addition, we believe it is prudent to withdraw our FY '20 EPS and capital
expenditure guidance and therefore we advise our investors that such guidance
should no longer be relied upon. We are not providing new FY '20 guidance at
this time.

And like all of you, we are conducting this call remotely.
So during the Q&A, we will intentionally pause to help with any time delay
and avoid 2 people speaking over each other. We appreciate if you would do the
same, and we also appreciate your patience.

Now I'll turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone.
Particularly during these challenging times, we thank you for taking time from
your busy schedule to be on our call today. Before we talk about the quarter, I
wanted to share some thoughts on the current situation. Please turn to Slide
#3.

The true character and leadership of individuals and
companies is revealed during times of crisis. We are certainly going through a
crisis, something that none of us has experienced in our lifetime. But I am
delighted to report to you that the people of Air Products are demonstrating
our culture and character to the world. They are responding to the crisis with
caring for our fellow employees and our fellow citizens around the world. They
are responding with passion to keep our plants operating, so that we can
provide our customers with the vital products that they need, as they are
responding with their commitment and dedication to move Air Products forward,
no matter what the challenges.

We have always been a leader committed to safety as our #1
priority. In managing through this crisis, we have provided the right
protective equipment and procedures to protect our people on the front lines.
We were quick to act to limit travel and transition many employees to
work-from-home mode to minimize risk. We are also committed to providing
financial security for our people. During this crisis, we have not laid off any
of our employees or cut their salaries. We will work to maintain this approach
as we navigate through this crisis together. We have a strong financial
position necessary to carry our people and their families through these unusual
times.

Air Products is looking after our customers. Our customers
expect us to provide them with the products they need on time with the right quality
and a focus on providing excellent service. I am proud that during this crisis
we have kept all of our 750 plants operating around the world. I'd like to
repeat, we have kept operating all of our 750 plants around the world,
significant accomplishment during these times. We provide products, services
and equipment essential to basic human needs, including medical oxygen, helium
for MRI machines, products for food freezing, hydrogen for energy and related
equipment critical to energy and medical needs. We are proud to be identified
as a critical industry by all the governments around the world.

I want to thank our people on the front lines for keeping
all our plants running and delivering to our customers the product they need.
In addition, the rest of our people working from home have helped us maintain
our business continuity by keeping key processes running and continuing to
pursue and win new projects like the PBF hydrogen plant's acquisition that we
announced in March and closed last week.

Air Products is also a leader in looking after our
communities. I am proud of how our teams have mobilized safely and quickly to
meet increasing oxygen demand. We are actively supporting medical facilities
and the establishment of critical temporary hospitals. We have also made
financial contributions, donated critical PPE and equipment and offered our
talents to nonprofit organizations that are meeting so many urgent human needs
during this crisis. We are making a difference in people's lives.

Air Products is also a leader in creating and preserving
shareholder value. With a prudent management of cash over the last 6 years, we
now have a very strong balance sheet and plenty of cash on hand to weather the
current crisis, continue to pay dividends and invest in attractive
opportunities.

I would like to thank our team for their commitment and
dedication during these difficult times. Their hard work and our resilient
business model allowed us to deliver our 24th, and I'll repeat, our 24th
consecutive quarter of year-on-year earnings growth despite the negative impact
in the second quarter of about $0.06 to $0.08 of earning per share from
COVID-19 virus.

Now please turn to Slide #4. I am pleased that our team
stayed focused on working safely. This is always important and particularly
during these challenging times. Now please go to Slide #5, which shows our
goal, which remains unchanged.

And now please go to Slide #6, our management philosophy. We
have included this slide in every presentation that I have made to our
shareholders in the last 6 years. It is at times like this that one can fully
appreciate the value of following this key management philosophy that I have
pursued in my 50 years' career. Yes, cash is king. And yes, the most important
job of the CEO is prudent capital allocation. We have been focused on
generating and preserving cash. We did not waste our cash on frivolous
acquisitions or share buybacks. And we saved our cash for a black swan event
that we have the cash to take care of our people, to continue to run our
business, serve our customers, contribute to the welfare of our communities and
create value for our shareholders.

Now please turn to Slide #7, which is our long-term business
strategy. You have seen this many times before. There is no change to this
strategy, and we will continue to pursue it as stated.

On Slide #8, you can see our exciting gasification strategy.
The fundamental drivers creating significant growth opportunities in
gasification remain. Countries and large companies around the world continue to
focus on gasification to utilize the abundant natural resources they have to
produce chemicals, transportation fuels and energy in sustainable manner.

At this point, I think it's appropriate for me to update you
on our important $12 billion deal, the Jazan project for Saudi Aramco. Despite
the current challenging times, I'm happy to report that we have now completed
the discussions regarding the legal documents, and these legal documents are
being submitted to the vendor's legal adviser. Therefore, we now expect to go
to the market for the $7 billion project financing by the end of May, and we
expect to close this transaction by October of 2020.

Now please go to Slide #1 -- #9, please, which summarizes
the PBF hydrogen plant's acquisition we announced a few weeks ago. Despite the
unprecedented challenges in the world these days, I'm proud that we continue to
win large on-site opportunities. We have closed on the purchase of the 5
operating hydrogen plants in California and Delaware for $530 million and have
started providing long-term hydrogen supply to 3 PBF energy refineries. This
project will have returns in excess of the minimum requirements we previously
shared with you, and it will be accretive to our bottom line this year in 2020.

I'm proud of our team who have worked diligently to
negotiate, sign and close this deal in less than 30 days. This project is
aligned with our on-site growth strategy: using our strong balance sheet to
acquire, own and operate assets for customers and supply gases under long-term
contracts. We are pleased to expand our strong relationship with PBF. In
addition, we are working on many other opportunities around the world so that
we remain confident in our ability to deploy our available capital to create
significant shareholder value.

Now please turn to Slide #10. Again, with the hard work of
our team, and the strength of our business model, our EBITDA margin remained
over 40%, which is up over 1,500 basis points from early 2014.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Vice President -- Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to
provide a financial overview. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Seifi. As Seifi stated earlier, our company's
financial position is very strong. Our cash flow generation is very stable,
supported by our industry-leading on-site business, which represents more than
half of our sales. Additionally, our cash on hand and limited debt provide an ability
to access additional funding as needed. We are confident that we have
sufficient resources to meet all our capital deployment opportunities.

As you can see in Slide 11, we have over $2 billion of cash
on hand. We also have an undrawn $2.3 billion committed revolving credit
facility available. However, I don't anticipate any need to access these funds.
Meanwhile, our company's leverage is very low. Net debt is about $1 billion,
and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is a low 0.3x. This allows us to increase debt
considerably while still maintaining our targeted A/A2 debt rating. Our
dividend and capital investment plans remain unchanged. We are committed to
rewarding our investors by increasing the dividend and growing the company.

As shown in Slide 12, Air Products has delivered 38
consecutive years of dividend increase through many periods of challenging
economic conditions, and we continue to believe that investing in high-return
projects will create more shareholder value over the long term than buying back
shares. We remain optimistic about our ability to deploy significant capital
into our exciting growth opportunities, including recent opportunities like the
PBF asset acquisitions. We also have about $1 billion of debt maturing by the
end of 2021, so we continue to evaluate the best time to access the debt
markets.

Now please turn to Slide 13 for our second quarter results.
Our sales and profits grew despite the unprecedented disruption due to
COVID-19, demonstrating the stability of our on-site contracts and the
geographic diversity of our merchant businesses. Overall, COVID-19 negatively
impacted volumes by about 1% and EPS by $0.06 to $0.08, primarily in the Asia
merchant business. The Asia merchant business was down about 25% for about 6
weeks after the Lunar New Year holiday but recovered in late March. As
expected, our on-site business remained stable. We also did not see much impact
in Europe or the Americas for the quarter, but we did begin to see an impact
right at the end of the quarter. Seifi will provide some comments later
regarding what we have seen so far in April.

Our team in Asia has worked hard managing through the
crisis. We are encouraged to see that business gradually returned to normal by
the end of the quarter. I would like to thank our team for their focus on
health, safety and serving our customers reliably. A job very well done.

For the quarter, sales grew modestly to $2.2 billion as
strong underlying sales were offset by 5% lower energy pass-through and 2%
unfavorable currency, primarily the Chinese RMB, the euro and the Korean won.
Volume and price improved in all 3 regions. Volume increased 6% as new plants,
overall positive base business, LNG activity, acquisitions and a short-term
contract in Asia more than overcame the negative impact of COVID-19. And as I
mentioned, our existing on-site business was stable.

Price was up 2%, the 11th consecutive quarter of
year-over-year price increase. EBITDA reached almost $900 million, up 8%, with
higher profits across all 3 regions. EBITDA margin was again over 40%, the
fourth consecutive quarter exceeding the 40% mark, up 260 basis points. About
180 basis points of the improvement was from lower energy pass-through, with
the rest primarily driven by higher price. EPS of $2.04 was up 6% despite the
negative $0.06 to $0.08 impact of COVID-19 and unfavorable currency.
Sequentially, sales and profits were down as a result of reduced activities due
to Lunar New Year holidays and the COVID-19 impact. ROCE of 13.5% continues to
improve, up 90 basis points over last year.

As Simon mentioned, we don't plan to review the individual
segments in detail, but I would like to make some summary brief comments on
their second quarter performance. All 3 geographic regions delivered stronger
results, with volume, price, EBITDA and EBITDA margin up in each region. Asia's
volume was up 6% despite a negative 4% impact from COVID-19. The growth was
driven by new plants and a short-term supply contract that we mentioned last
quarter. Almost 2/3 of our Asia business is on-site, which remained stable as
we expected.

We saw strong hydrogen volumes for the refining industry in
the U.S. Gulf Coast, Canada and Rotterdam. Americas and EMEA only began to see
impacts from COVID-19 during the last week of the quarter. Americas EBITDA
margin was up 540 basis points, with about 350 of that from lower energy
pass-through. EMEA EBITDA margin was up 90 basis points, primarily from higher
price. We also saw LNG driving profit improvement in our Corporate segment.

Now please turn to Slide 14. Our second quarter GAAP EPS was
$2.21, which includes 2 one-time items: a $34 million gain due to a property
sale and a $14 million tax adjustment in India, which, combined, contributed
$0.18 of EPS. Our second quarter adjusted EPS of $2.04 was up $0.12 per share
or 6% driven by strong operating performance. Volume and price together
contributed more than $0.30 despite the negative $0.06 to $0.08 impact from
COVID-19.

Cost was unfavorable $0.17 due to our continued investment
in the resources to support our growth strategy, coupled with additional
planned maintenance and life extension work needed in our facilities, mainly in
North America, as mentioned during our last quarter's call. We do anticipate
customers delaying planned outages in the second half of the year.

Currency and foreign exchange was $0.05 unfavorable
primarily due to the Chinese RMB, the euro and the Korean won. Equity affiliate
income contributed $0.03, while a modestly higher tax rate subtracted $0.02.
The effective tax rate was 20.5% for the quarter, up 60 basis points over last
year. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of 20% to 21% in fiscal year
2020.

Now please turn to Slide 15. We continue to generate strong
operational cash flow. As I mentioned, our EBITDA was up 8% despite the
COVID-19 global pandemic, again, demonstrating the quality of our business
model. Over the last 12 months, we generated about $2.7 billion or over $12 per
share of distributable cash flow. From this distributable cash flow, we paid
almost 40% or over $1 billion as dividends to our shareholders and still have
about $1.7 billion available for high-return industrial gas investments. This
strong cash flow, even in uncertain times, enables us to continue to create
shareholder value through increasing dividends and capital deployment.

Slide #16 provides an update on our capital deployment
progress. As you can see, we expect about $18 billion of investment capacity
available over the 5-year period from FY 2018 through FY 2022. Our total
capacity is expected to continue to grow as we increase EBITDA. The $18 billion
includes about $10 billion of additional debt capacity available today, over $4
billion of investable cash flow between now and the end of FY '22 and almost $4
billion already spent. We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance
to maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. And as I mentioned earlier, we
continue to evaluate the best time to access the debt market.

As Seifi said, we continue to sign new projects. So our
total project and M&A commitments are up to about $9 billion, with about $8
billion remaining to spend on them. So you can see, we have already spent over
20% and already committed almost 2/3 of our total available capacity. We remain
extremely confident in our ability to deploy this capacity into on-site
projects that will create significant long-term shareholder value.

Please turn to Slide #17 for a summary of our perspective on
COVID-19. We are safely keeping our plants running, and we are mobilized to
meet our customers' needs, particularly for medical oxygen. Our results this
quarter demonstrate the resilience of our business model despite the impact
from COVID-19. We have been seeing lower Americas and EMEA merchant volumes in
April and expect that to at least impact Q3. We have seen customers delaying
planned maintenance activities, and we are monitoring for any potential delays
in our projects under construction. Looking forward, we are confident that our
strong financial position will support our future investment opportunities.

Now to provide some additional thoughts in the future, I'll
turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. We have now seen how
Air Products performed during the months of January, February and March of
2020. I would like to add that we did have a good month of March despite the
evolving crisis in Europe and Americas. But I am sure our investors want to
know what we are seeing as of today in the month of April.

This is what I can share with you. First of all, as I speak to
you now, just about all of our 750 plants around the globe are operating and
supplying essential products to our customers. The 52% of our sales, and I'll
repeat, 52% of our sales that is our on-site business around the world is doing
well, and we expect this to continue.

In Asia, our merchant volumes have returned to pre-crisis
levels, and some product lines are actually higher than last year. In Europe,
our merchant volumes are down about 25% in the month of April, although this
seems to have improved slightly in the past week. The main impact in our
volumes in Europe is in our packaged gases business. In Americas, our merchant
volumes are down about 15% in April and seemed to be stable over the last week.
Please note that we do not have a packaged gases business in the United States.

Although it is encouraging to see some improvement in the
number of COVID-19 cases and a flattening of the curve in certain areas around
the world, but we all need to realize that significant uncertainty still exists
regarding the duration of this crisis, the pace of recovery and the negative
impact on the global economy. Given this uncertainty, Air Products is not
providing fiscal third quarter EPS guidance, and we believe it is prudent to
withdraw our prior fiscal year 2020 EPS and CapEx guidance.

While we are not providing guidance, I would like to remind
you of a framework you can use yourself to think about Air Products' business
in this complicated time. Together, the stability of our on-site business
around the world and the continued normal volumes in Asia represent about 2/3
of our business. And we don't expect much impact on this 2/3 percent of our
sales as we move forward during the balance of the year.

For the other 1/3, which is our merchant business in America
and Europe, we do expect an impact in quarter 3 and for the full year. But
given the level of uncertainty, we are not in a position to quantify. But one
way to think about the potential impact is by assuming that the merchant
volumes in these parts of the word align with industrial production. So for
example, if both Americas and Europe merchant volumes were to be reduced by 25%
for a single quarter because industrial production has dropped by about 25%,
this would impact our Air Products earning per share by about 30% to 35% per
share, which is 3% to 4% of our annual EPS.

And finally, please turn to Slide #18. In these challenging
times, our competitive advantage as always is the commitment and motivation of
the great team we have at Air Products. Our strong financial position and
robust business model will allow us to continue to execute our strategy, to
create long-term shareholder value and to increase our dividend as we have done
for the past more than 30 years. The projects in our backlog continue as expected,
and there continues to be significant opportunities to invest in projects in
our core business. Most importantly, we will continue to protect our people's
health and safety and take care of their welfare and the welfare of their
families.

Let me end today by thanking our 17,000 people again for
their commitment and hard work, for demonstrating the true character of Air
Products. Our success yesterday, today and tomorrow depends on their dedication
and commitment, and I am very proud to say that the Air Products team is
demonstrating that to the fullest extent under the most extreme conditions. We
are proud -- we are very proud to play a critical role and make a difference to
the world during these challenging times by keeping our plants running and providing
critically immediate industrial gases to keep people alive. This is our higher
purpose at Air Products.

And to everyone listening today, let us remember that we are
all in this crisis together and we will come out of this thing together and we
will win together. Stay safe. Stay healthy. And now we will be more than happy
to answer any questions that you have.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first
question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, on Jazan, assuming it closes on October, how
should we think about the earnings contribution in 2021?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, obviously, we have given you a
guidance about the fact that for every dollar that we invest you should expect
approximately $0.10 of operating profit. So you can convert that to EPS impact
very easily. At this point, I think that's the guidance I want to give you, but
once we actually close, then we will be a little bit more specific.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very good. And just last thing on your
on-site business, what's your exposure as refineries reduce their operating
rates? You highlighted the stability of your on-site business, but is there not
some downside risk as we do see lower crude runs by refineries?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. Our on-site business, as we have
always said, we get a fixed monthly fee for running our plants and providing
product to our customers. Whether they are operating at 100%, 90% or 80%
doesn't make much of a difference. And you have seen that fully demonstrated
during the second quarter where there was obviously a lot of pressure on
everybody around the world and in China and all of that. So that doesn't affect
us that much.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John McNulty
with BMO Capital Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: So two questions on the backlog. I guess the first would be you have
a lot of business coming in on the merchant front that you've listed in your
backlog for 2021. I guess, can you give us some color as to your confidence in
that demand or that business coming on and what the impact might be in terms of
how we should be thinking about the earnings contribution in 2021?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: With all due respect, John, I would like
to disagree with you in terms of the fact that most of those investments in our
backlog are in merchant. They really are not. Most of them are in our on-site
model. So as a result, I don't expect much of an issue with that as they come
in. I think they are mostly on-site business with fixed BFCs.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY: Got it. Yes. At that part -- I mean I
see the big on-site ones. I guess I was curious because you do have 4 projects listed
that are merchant. I was curious what the likelihood of those coming on and the
impact might be.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: So they did come on and they are very
small in terms of the context of the thing, and some of them actually replaces
some older plants. So I don't expect that to be material at all, John.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then for the
second question, the macro obviously is going to be a lot slower in the short
term, and that may have some impact on the ability for new projects to get bid
upon and things like that. At the same time, you just won the big PBF project
or business. I guess I'm wondering how you're thinking about the on-site
opportunities out there and if we should be thinking about the project backlog
expanding as we kind of go throughout the year or kind of staying level to
maybe going down a bit. How should we be thinking about that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think you should be thinking on that
part of our business that it's business normal. And actually, the current
crisis might actually create opportunities that some of the people who were
reluctant to sell some of their kind of industrial gas plants that they own,
that they might be thinking about maybe divesting of those and generating some
cash. So I actually think that our -- the pace of what we have been doing will
continue and maybe actually accelerate.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Kevin
McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: Seifi, in listening to your comments, it sounds like your business in Asia
is recovering nicely. If that is the case, would you expect earnings to improve
sequentially in the fiscal third quarter in Asia relative to what you just
posted in the second quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, I do. Our business in Asia is doing
fine right now. And as I said in my comments, some of the product lines are
actually higher than last year. So I do expect an improvement in our Asia
segment next quarter.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: Okay. That's helpful. And then,
Seifi...

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Barring -- yes. Go ahead.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: Sorry to interrupt. As a second
question, I was wondering if you could elaborate on the decision to discontinue
your capital expenditure guidance as distinct from the earnings guidance. It
looks like the year is half done. I imagine a lot of these projects are already
underway. Are there particular sources of uncertainty that have emerged now
that might call into question the fate of individual projects? Or what is the
rationale there?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Kevin, that is driven by just one
project, which is Jazan. As I said, we expect that project to close in October.
Now if it closes on September 28, the capital expenditure, which is significant,
will be in our 2020 numbers. If it closes on October 2, it will be in 2020,
'21. That is why we didn't want to -- since we don't know exactly when the
project is going to close, that is why we withdrew that guidance so that we
don't create an issue of having said something and it becomes a few -- 1 week
or 2 weeks back and forth, and it would significantly change that. That
investment is not $200 million, it's billions of dollars. So as a result, that
is why we wanted to shy away from confirming the capital expenditure, Kevin.
That's the only one actually.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Vincent
Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: First, if you could just clarify, Seifi, at the end of your comments
about how April was going and you talked about if merchant volumes were down
25%, was that -- it'd be a 3% to 4% hit to EPS or a $0.34 hit to EPS?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. Number one, what I said is that if
the industrial production drops 25%, and as a result of that both Europe and
Americas drop 25%. That is not the case as we see. As I said, European volumes,
as we see it in April, down 25%, but in the U.S., it's only 15%. But I just
wanted to give you some guidance that if both of those things dropped 25% for
the quarter, then the impact for the quarter will be about 30% to 35% -- $0.30
to $0.35, which is 3% to 4% of our total EPS approximately for the year. So the
effect will be $0.30 to $0.35 for that quarter, assuming that everything goes
down 25%.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Yes. Okay. That's very helpful. And
then if I could just ask on the merchant gases side of the equation. There have
been some reports in the U.S. and in Europe about shortages of CO2 in the U.S.
as a function of corn ethanol plants not having co-product production. Is that
something that you're seeing and that the company is going to be able to be a
solution provider for that missing CO2?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: What -- just to put it in context, CO2 --
first of all, your statement is absolutely correct. But in terms of Air
Products, CO2 is 1% of our sales in the U.S. and 5% of our sales in Europe.
Europe doesn't have a problem now. So in the U.S., it is a very, very small
part of our business. So it's not going to have any kind of a material impact
on our business, and we are not going to be able to do something to help the
situation because it's such a small part for us there.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Mike
Harrison with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Wanted to -- maybe continuing
on the question related to CO2 shortages, just talking more broadly about your
business, can you talk about any supply chain or logistical issues that you may
have encountered as a result of COVID? Any additional costs associated with
shortages or availability or needing to move product around at higher cost or
in less efficient ways than normal?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Look, related to CO2, as I said, for us,
it's such a small business. We haven't seen much of an impact on our business,
and we haven't had to do anything significantly unusual.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: I mean, more broadly speaking,
though, when it comes to LOX/LIN or argon or anything else.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. On LOX/LIN, argon and all of that,
thanks to the outstanding efforts of our people, they get up in the morning,
they go to work, they obviously wear the proper protective equipment, but we
have kept all of our plants running, all of our supply chain. And we haven't
had any issues of not delivering to a customer or not being able to meet
customer demand. So I'm very proud of that. And we have kept our company
running, and we have supplied products to all of our customers with no
shortages and no disruption.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And then I wanted to
also ask about the impact of lower planned maintenance. You mentioned that a
couple of times. That's customer maintenance and planned downtime. But what
does that mean to you guys in terms of your own maintenance costs? And are
these discretionary maintenance projects? Or why is there a decline?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: When we have a plant like a hydrogen
plant that is supplying a refinery, we obviously can only take our plant down
for maintenance when they take their refinery down. Because if we take our
plant for maintenance and refinery is operating, then we will create a
disruption for the refinery. So we coordinate our downtimes very, very closely
with the refinery. So what we are saying is that some of the refineries might
decide to move their maintenance to another quarter, and as a result of that we
would not take our plant down. As a result of that, we would not have to do the
maintenance and therefore that might be a favorable impact on our bottom line.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Steve Byrne
with Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: You're still getting 2% to 3% overall price in each
of the regions, which is driven by merchant, or less than half of your revenue.
Given that in a couple of the regions now you're seeing a contraction, are any
of those merchant customers asking you to renegotiate price or pushing back on
that? So just a general question about your outlook for pricing in this
slowdown.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Excellent question. Let me just be very
specific. You're right, the numbers that we publish is for all of our business.
But I can give you, and we have been open about this thing before, in terms of
price increases for our merchant business, year-over-year, Americas was up 6%,
Europe was up 5% and Asia was up 6%. So those are the facts in terms of the
second quarter. Now what is going to happen in the future, we have a policy of
not to comment on prices for the future because of the nature of our industry.
So -- I'm sure you understand that well why I wouldn't do that because it's not
appropriate. But those are the facts in terms of what we have seen up to now.

STEVE BYRNE: And Scott, you mentioned that -- about this
available capital deployment capacity that's $18 billion. You've committed, I
think you said 2/3 of it. That is a 5-year window that is fixed, and you're now
halfway through that 5-year window. At what point do you kind of put that on a
rolling 5-year forward basis because your future contribution of that is
shrinking? And is this lower oil environment doing anything to your outlook for
gasification of coal?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. I will answer that question, Steve.
You're right, we have committed 2/3. We have another almost 2.5 years to go to
commit the other 1/3. In terms of giving you a rolling 5-year, yes, we will do
that, but we will not do that now. We will do that probably next year to give you
a view for the next 5 years after 2022.

With respect to the nature of the projects or any slowdown,
quite frankly, we don't see any reason for the slowing down of those mega
projects that we are very much attached to as a result of the virus thing, at least
at this stage. So we continue to remain very optimistic about the robust nature
of our fundamental strategy as we go forward in terms of focusing on
gasification, carbon capture and hydrogen full mobility.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from Jeffrey
Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: So as I understand your products, whether Air
Products' on-site volumes grow or they contract, that piece of the business is
irrelevant to year-over-year EBITDA changes, excluding currency and
acquisition. The real lever is in merchant volumes and merchant prices. So in a
world in which merchant volumes really move down, can you flex your cost
structure down in order to cushion the effects to Air Products? Or it's
difficult to flex your cost structure?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Jeff, first of all, you understand
our business very, very well. Secondly, you're asking an excellent question. My
response to that is that if -- the driver for growth of Air Products, which we
are committed to 10% a year EPS growth, is not the merchant volumes going up
and down, is the investment in new opportunities and new projects coming down
the stream. That is what has been driven our business. If you look at our past
5 years, we have the level accumulative average growth rate of 13% on EPS. That
is driven -- it was driven some by the cost structure that we took out and made
ourselves more efficient. And we are done with that. As we go forward, the main
driver is going to be the new projects that we are bringing on stream, and they
are going to be significantly accretive. And that is why no matter what happens
to our merchant business, I'm still very optimistic that we will be able to
grow our EPS 10% a year as we move forward on the long term.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: In gasification projects in China,
people gasify in order to produce ammonia, methanol and fuels. And in the world
that we live in today, I don't know if people need more ammonia, methanol and
fuels, maybe they do if you want to be more independent than China. So in a
world in which oil prices are now, say, within a range of $25 to $40 a barrel,
to be conservative, is it the case that those projects in China still make
sense? And when you look at your -- say, Lu'An, for example, how is that client
faring in a world where energy prices are down sharply?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Jeff, this is the general
discussion we have always had is that these projects are not driven by
financials, they're driven by national security. Oil might be $2 -- at $10 or
$20. But coal, 3% softwood coal, which is sitting in the ground, is worth 0. So
when you take that and convert that to chemicals, it still pays to do that.
That is why we believe that these projects will still continue.

And then the other thing is that in terms of our
gasification, please remember, and I know you know this very well that you're
not just talking about coal gasification, you're talking about gasification of
pet coke. People are not going to be able to burn pet coke. 6% pet coke is not
going to be something that people are going to consume. You have to convert
that to something else, and the only way to do that is gasification. At the
bottom of the barrel in the refinery is 6%, and you cannot sell it to ships
because of IMO 2020. Then you have to gasify it.

So the gasification is not just coal. Right now, the biggest
gasification project that we are doing is the [$2.5 billion] project in Jazan.
That has nothing to do with the coal, it is the gasification of the bottom of
the barrel of the refinery. So when we talk about gasification, it's a
combination of all of these things. And that's why we continue to remain
optimistic, whether oil is $25 or $40 or $60.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: European
merchant is down 25% in April. How much more than the 25% decline is packaged
gas down? And how much less than the 25% decline is bulk liquid down?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Approximately, packaged gases is down
about 40% and liquid is down about 16%, approximately.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: And do you have any hydrogen
customers operating below their contracted requirements? And do you anticipate
any of your hydrogen customer suspending operations temporarily?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We do not. I mean I'm sure some of our
hydrogen customers might be operating below capacity, but we haven't seen a
drop in -- we have not seen a drop on hydrogen volumes from our pipeline. But I
don't know in the future that might be the case, but it doesn't affect us, as
we have discussed before.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Bob Koort
with Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Seifi, you've only talked about maybe doing asset acquisitions, and
it seems like some of the JVs include a component of that, but this PBF was the
first meaningful one that was solely assets and not a gas supply and rolling in
your project work. But what does the pipeline look of other asset acquisition
opportunities? And if you were handicapping, would you suggest your next big
capital project will be an asset acquisition or a new gasification project?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Probably an asset acquisition.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: And can you give us an update on YK? Is
there any progress there? At some point, will you need to formalize a delay in
your expectations of when that project will come on stream?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. The thing is that, unfortunately, as
I mentioned, I think, on our January call, we were supposed to have a big
meeting on that thing in the month of February in China, but obviously, that
didn't happen. The issue with that project has not changed. It's still the
issue of coal allocation, and we are going to kind of put a target for
ourselves that by the time that we announce our results at the end of October,
we would give you a definitive answer about whether that project is a go or no
go. We are still optimistic that, that is going to be a real project. But I do
promise you that by the end of October we will give you a definite answer on
that, rather than just keeping it kind of in suspense.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from PJ Juvekar
with Citigroup.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS &
AGRICULTURE RESEARCH AND MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, is all
your on-site business on facility fees? Or is there some business, maybe some
old business, that was stuck at a certain operating rate below which
take-or-pay begins to kick in? So I guess what I'm asking is, is there any
cyclicality in your on-site business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. No material cyclicality. No, there
isn't. As you have seen during 2008, and as we have demonstrated in the last
few months, it's a pretty robust business, the way we have it structured, PJ.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR: Okay. And then when I look at your
volume growth, what was the same-store volume growth for Air Products overall?
And particularly in Asia, you gave COVID impact, but can you take out the
impact of new project start-ups? And so just trying to get the same-store
sales.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It's obviously the growth is related to
new projects, but we usually do not quantify that because then we will be
giving away too much information. But obviously, during January, February and
March, merchant volumes in China were down, just like they are going to be down
in this coming quarter in Europe and the U.S. But we did have new projects
coming on stream. And as a result, it made up for it. That is what I was saying
in answering the other question that the main growth driver for Air Products is
all of the work we have done in the past 6 years with new projects that are
beginning to come on stream, and you're going to see a lot of that coming on
stream in 2021, '22, '23, which would put us in an excellent position.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR: Right. No, I agree. But it was just in
times like this it would be helpful.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Chris
Parkinson with Crédit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So just a quick question on the recent PBF
deal. It appears it obviously came together fairly quickly. But can you just
address on how long you've been -- that you're targeting these assets? And
then, also, just how should we think about the long-term optionality or
potential optionality in terms of carbon capture in California as well as the
potential to leverage your pipeline network?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, first of all, with PBF, we have
known these people very well. They are an excellent company, and we have a very
good relationship with them. We have been supplying them hydrogen for a long
time. So the subject of acquiring their hydrogen plants has been discussed in
the last 2 or 3 years. But it became -- we made a specific offer to them -- I
can tell you historically, we made a specific offer to them in October. At that
time, they didn't want to -- they took their time to take a look at it. And
then finally, in March, we made a very -- even more a specific offer, which
they were interested in taking a look at it. But their requirement was that if
we can do the transaction in a speedy way, which we said we can, and as a
result, we did it during the time that we did.

In terms of the other question that you have with respect to
carbon capture opportunities, obviously, in California, there are significant
incentives for if you can capture carbon, and obviously we have a lot of steam
methane reformers, and now we have even more steam reformers in California that
do generate CO2. And therefore, it makes sense for us to take a look at whether
we can capture the CO2 from these things and do something with it, whether it
is enhanced oil recovery or sequestration or whatever, to capture some of that
value. So yes, we are looking at that.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: And just also, just -- could you
just very quickly just hit on just in terms of end markets, do you see any
variance in terms of merchant volumes thus far? I understand it's linked to IP,
but just any end markets worth highlighting? Just also a quick update possibly
on just your health care business and also nonmedical helium demand would be
appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. In terms of the market sectors,
obviously, the oxygen demand for hospitals, the demand has gone up. We do not
have a huge business on that in the U.S. but we do have a very big business for
hospitals in Spain and Italy and in some other parts of Europe. So the demand
for oxygen is obviously up because of the situation. Full freezing demand has
relatively kept up pretty well. Obviously, the areas where you see reduction in
demand is basic industries and especially smaller industries that use for
oxy-fuel burners and all of that for all of the manufacturer. And in terms of
helium, the helium, most of the helium goes with MRI machines and that hasn't
slowed down.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Duffy
Fischer with Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR & SENIOR CHEMICAL
ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First question is just, can you
help break out the decremental margin differential between the European
business and the U.S. business just because there you have package, here you
don't? So if we're putting different declines in revenue based on IP from those
2 regions, how should we think about either like on an EBITDA percent basis or
an EBIT percent basis differential in decremental margins?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: You're asking me to give you a lot more
detailed information than we usually give to people. But overall, if you want
to do the kind of calculation that you want to do, there isn't a huge amount of
difference between the margins. Americas is higher than Europe but it is not as
if one is 10%, another one is 40% there. They are not too different, let me put
it that way.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. Fair enough. And then just the
last one, in the working capital line this quarter, it seemed like you ate about
$200 million more in cash than you have historically in the second quarter.
What happened there? And is that something we should think about repeating? Or
is that kind of a one-time thing that will end up going away?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, on that one, on that question, I
would like to turn it over to Scott, who knows more about it than I do to
answer that. Scott, would you like to take that question, please?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure, happy to. Duffy, first of all,
it's not systemic. There's nothing in there related to the COVID-19. What it
is, is just some larger -- timing on some larger payments, particularly in our
sales equipment business on some of those contracts. So nothing large and not
something we expect to continue.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: What Scott is saying is that it has
nothing to do with actually physical inventory and so on. It's just some of the
accounts payable, accounts receivable kind of thing.

Okay. Are there any other questions?

OPERATOR: There are. And we'll take our next question from
Mike Sison with Wells Fargo.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, I think you noted that Asia merchant
recovered in -- or was down for 6 weeks and then sounds like maybe in week 7,
week 8, things recovered. Can you maybe walk us through kind of what happened
when you talk to customers that allowed the merchant business to recover in
kind of 7 to 8 weeks? And if those events sort of transpire here in Europe and
the U.S., do you think we could recover in that sort of similar time period?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I think on that, what I can say is
that obviously China did a great job in terms of dealing with the virus. I
mean, they had a hard shutdown, which affected volumes and all of that
significantly. But they took the pain and they contained the virus. And then
when they opened the society back up in a normal way, then the volumes came
back. So if in Europe and in the U.S., we act responsibly, the way they did,
and have a hard shutdown and then open up our society responsibly, things will
come back. But I just hope that we do the same thing that they did in China.
The Chinese did a great job in containing this virus. It started there, but you
know the statistics in terms of the number of cases they have. And right now,
the Chinese society is functioning normally, and that is why our volumes are
up.

And actually, there are people who argue that actually the
Chinese economy might benefit from what is going on because if Europe and the
U.S. have issues to deal with, and industrial production and so on is down,
then China has to make up for that and also for their own demand. So the
Chinese economy might actually become better than it was before. But -- I mean,
it all depends in terms of how we end up handling the situation in the U.S. and
in Europe and how we come back from that.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Got it. And then just a follow up --
and just a quick follow up. When you think about the volume, merchant declines
in Europe and Americas, how much of that is driven by actual plant shutdowns?
Meaning, if those shutdowns kind of revert, auto and aerospace and other areas,
is -- how quickly does that come back? Is that the bulk of the decline?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: So that is obviously the bulk of the
decline. And also the consumer is not consuming the stuff and people are not
producing that. But I'd just like to add that we feel can obligate -- as you
know, we never, during our calls, comment on the current month. We don't
comment on things in the middle of the quarter. But we decided to do that
because of the focus that everybody has and we gave you the numbers as we see
them in April. We are not projecting that those numbers will continue. We are
not projecting that Europe will go down 25% the next month. We just told you
what we see at this moment because we don't know how it's going to proceed.

Next month, if Europe decides to open up some of the areas
because they feel more confident, that 25% might become 10%. So the main reason
that we didn't give you guidance is because we just don't know and we don't
want to get ahead of ourselves. But please take what we said in the context of
what we are seeing. We are not projecting for you, we are not projecting that
the U.S. merchant volumes will be down 25%. We just gave you an example of
that. I've told you exactly what we see as of right now.

OPERATOR: And the next question will come from Jim Sheehan
with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So you noted that you have the top priority
still of increasing your dividends. And over the past many years, you've
increased it at a 10% annual rate or compound rate. Would you expect your
dividend increase this year to be similar to prior years? Or would you change
the amount of dividend increase, given the uncertainty of the current
environment?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the decision of how we've increased
the dividend and how much we'd increase it by is obviously the decision by our
Board of Directors. And the Board considers all of the different circumstances
before they make that recommendation. But the one thing that I can tell you for
sure is that we definitely are not decreasing the dividend. And my intent is to
recommend to the Board to increase the dividend. The issue is by what
percentage, and that I cannot kind of give you a number for that. We will see
how it is.

But you see our historical performance and we definitely are
not going to decrease the dividend. And the amount of increase, we would like
to increase it, I would like to increase it, and the amount of increase will be
something that our Board will decide in January, as we usually do.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Jonas Oxgaard with
Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions, if you don't mind. The first one
is on Jazan. So my understanding from your last call was that you expect the
gasifiers to be up and running shortly and the ASUs are obviously already
running. So how -- what happens to the project when the -- when everything is
actually running but ownership is still with Aramco? Does the earnings that
come in just pay off corporate debt? Or how should we think about that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, I don't want to speak
for Aramco but the gasifiers are not running yet. But the very odd deal is,
again, like any other deal, is that when we close the transaction, whether the
gasifiers are running or not or whether the refinery is running or not, then
Aramco owes us the monthly fee. That's the way it works. So the -- upon the
close of the transaction, whatever is the state of the refinery, we will get
our monthly fee, and therefore it will impact our EPS. Is that okay?

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Yes, that's -- but the ASUs are running
already, right? And they are owned by you, still, aren't they?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The ASUs are still owned by us, and they
are -- when you say running, they are being commissioned. We are not yet
supplying oxygen for production to the refinery yet. But they are -- but the
important thing is that we are getting the BFC per our contract with Aramco, or
the ASU, which we own 25%.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. Perfect. Then a separate question.
So you referenced helium demand being strong, but since we're now reducing oil
and gas production, and we're already in what looks like a global helium
shortage, how do you see the helium supply/demand evolving over the next year
if crude price stays where it is?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, helium demand, there
are 2 main drivers for helium demand. One main driver is obviously the MRI
machines. And unfortunately, those things are in more demand than they had
before. Then the other thing -- the other for helium is balloons, birthday
parties and all of that. That is a flexible demand. And depending on the price
that business goes up and down. So in terms of helium demand, we have not seen
a significant reduction on the demand. And as you said, the supply is still
tight. But I would like to be excused from making too many comments about
helium because it's obviously a very sensitive subject, considering the market
and all of that, and I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in making too many
comments about that.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our final question from Laurence
Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Okay. Well, then very quickly, carbon
sequestration. Do you have the skill set to do the sequestration component
yourselves? Or is that something you need to do a JV on?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'm sorry, you cut out in the middle of
your questions. Would you please repeat that?

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: Sure. So on carbon sequestration is --
just very quickly, on carbon sequestration, you mentioned earlier projects, the
pipeline. Do you have this -- does Air Products have the skill set to do the
sequestration steps themselves? Or is that something that would need to be
outsourced or JV-ed?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, if you're talking about -- we obviously
know how to capture the carbon and clean it up and all of that. Then the
question becomes if -- just -- if you are doing EOR, we just put it in a
pipeline and it goes for EOR. If it is a question of sequestering it, the
know-how for the sequestration obviously belongs to some of the companies like
Schlumberger, they can use all of that. And obviously, in those kind of
situations, we will be either using them as subcontractors or something like
that. I mean, I don't want to get too much into the details of that. But you
know the system very well on how it works, yes?

Okay. With that, since that was the final question, I would
like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for listening to our
presentation. We appreciate your interest and look forward to discussing our
results with you next quarter. And as I said earlier, please stay safe, stay
healthy, and all the best to all of you. And thank you again.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank
you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042320a13089829.729










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (89%); EBITDA
(89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); ESTATE, GIFT & TRUST LAW
(88%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); CHEMICALS RESEARCH (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (78%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (72%); LAWYERS
(67%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

BARCLAYS PLC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (56%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); JPM (NYSE) (84%);
JPM (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(83%); BCS (NYSE) (83%); BARC (LSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%);
DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (72%); MS
(NYSE) (56%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%);
NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR
COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%);
NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999
MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL
BANKS (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (83%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS,
NEC (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); SIC6021
NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS (72%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY
ACTIVITIES (71%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (70%);
NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (70%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (90%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(90%); CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%);
INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW
ISSUES (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); CHEMICALS RESEARCH (78%); CONFERENCE CALLS (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (72%); LAWYERS (67%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (58%)










 June 14, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
24, 2020 Friday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 8628 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. - Chairman,
President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR, Corporate Relations & Sustainability

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Duffy Fischer

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* Michael Joseph Sison

Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division - Senior
Analyst

* Prashant N. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
& Agriculture Research and MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Air Products &
Chemicals First Quarter Earnings Release Call. Today's call is being recorded
at the request of Air Products. Please note that this presentation and the
comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air
Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR, CORPORATE RELATIONS &
SUSTAINABILITY, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Leanne. Good
morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' First Quarter 2020 Earnings Results
Teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm
pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO;
Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and
Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com. This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please
refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our
earnings release and on Slide #2. In addition, throughout today's discussion,
we will refer to various financial measures. Unless we specifically state
otherwise, we are referring to adjusted non-GAAP measures, including adjusted
earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin on both a
company-wide and segment basis, and ROCE. Reconciliations can be found on our
website in the relevant earnings release section.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone.
Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today.
I would like to thank everybody at Air Products to again delivering a very
strong quarter. We are very pleased with our earnings per share of $2.14 for
the first quarter, up 15% over last year's strong results and the 23rd, I'd
like to repeat that the 23rd consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings
growth.

Please now turn to Slide #3. Safety is always the most
important focus for all of us at Air Products, and our goal continues to be 0
accidents and incidents. I was pleased to see improvement this quarter as our
people redoubled their efforts so that we can move towards our ultimate goal of
an accident-free work environment.

Slide #4 shows our goal and Slide #5 shows our management
philosophy. I have discussed this with you many times before, so I don't want
to take your time to repeat it, but those slides are very important guiding
principles that we follow.

Now please turn to Slide #6, our Five-Point Plan that we
have discussed with you in detail before. But I do not want to focus on our
past performance because, frankly, I like the dreams of the future more than
the history of the past. Our dream of the future is to make sure Air Products
will continue to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas
company in the world providing excellent service to our customers. Our dream of
the future is for Air Products to become the largest American chemical company
as measured by market capitalization. We will achieve this by focusing on
growth, driven by our core competencies.

Our dream of the future is for Air Products to be the leader
in providing solutions to the world's environmental sustainability challenges
through gasification of coal, pet coke and refinery residues, developing
solutions to capture CO2 from gasifiers and hydrogen plants and further
developing technologies and making Air Products the leader in providing
hydrogen for transportation around the world. Our dream of the future is to be
a company that has a higher purpose beyond just creating value for our
shareholders through improved financial performance. We want to be a company
that people from all walks of life and nationalities come together, work
together and feel that they belong and that their contribution matters and are
appreciated; a company that is focused on innovation to solve the substantial
environmental issues facing our humanity; a company that is passionate and
contributes to the well-being of all the communities in which we operate around
the world; a global company that brings people from all over the world together
to collaborate, improve understanding and prevent conflicts that arise from
misunderstanding. We are committed to work very hard to realize our dreams of
the future by executing on our Five-Point Plan strategy.

Now please turn to Slide #7. You can see our exciting
gasification strategy. We continue to be very focused on successfully executing
this strategy and the announced projects, and we are making excellent progress,
and we continue to be very optimistic about this sector.

Slide #8 summarizes the Gulf Coast Ammonia project we
announced earlier in January. As I said, this is the largest U.S. investment in
the history of Air Products and winning this project is a direct result of the
value of our Gulf Coast hydrogen pipeline, the competitiveness of our hydrogen
plants and our expertise to develop, build and operate the largest projects in
the history of industrial gas industry. As a result, this project will exceed
our commitments in terms of financial returns.

Please now turn to Slide #9. We have talked extensively
about the significant opportunities for capital investment to generate
significant shareholder value. At the same time, the cash generation strength
of our existing business allows us to be confident in raising our dividend for
the 38th consecutive year. The more than 15% increase we announced yesterday to
$1.34 per share per quarter is the largest per share dividend increase in our
history and will result in almost $1.2 billion directly returned to our
shareholders in form of dividend next year.

Now please turn to my favorite slide, Slide #10. You can see
that our EBITDA margin continues to be more than 40%, which is up over 1,500
basis points from early 2014.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to give you the
details of our very good financial performance. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 11
for our first quarter results. Our team delivered another strong start to the
year. Volume and price together increased 9% and were up in all 3 regions. We
delivered double-digit profit growth despite the soft economic activity around
the world. Sales grew modestly to $2.3 billion as strong underlying sales were
offset by 5% lower energy pass-through and 2% due to the India contract
modification. The India contract was modified in December 2018. So this is the
last quarter we will see a year-on-year impact. Weaker foreign currencies,
primarily the Chinese RMB and euro lowered sales by another 1%. Volume growth
of 6% was primarily driven by modest base business growth, new plants,
acquisitions and a short-term contract in Asia. Price was up 3%, the 10th
consecutive quarter of year-over-year price increase. EBITDA topped $900
million, up 14%, and EPS of $2.14 was up 15%. EBITDA margin was over 40%, the
third consecutive quarter exceeding the 40% mark, up 460 basis points,
primarily driven by the higher price and the strong volumes.

Lower energy pass-through and the India contract
modification contributed about half of the margin increase. Sequentially,
profits are down, primarily on seasonality in the regions and incentive
compensation adjustments, primarily in our corporate segment. ROCE continues to
improve, up 100 basis points over last year. We are pleased with the almost 300
basis point improvement since 2015, and we anticipate further improvement as we
increase earnings and deploy more of the cash on our balance sheet.

Now please turn to Slide 12. Our fourth quarter EPS of $2.14
was up $0.28 per share or 15%, driven by strong operating performance. Volume
and price together contributed $0.40. Cost was unfavorable $0.12 as we
continued to invest in business development and R&D resources to support
our growth strategy. Equity affiliate income was favorable $0.02, while
noncontrolling interest was unfavorable $0.02. The nonoperating factors in
total have no net impact this quarter.

Our effective tax rate of 19.8% was up 80 basis points from
last year. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of 20% to 21% in fiscal
year 2020.

Interest expense was $0.07 lower this quarter as we paid off
a bond last quarter and adopted new accounting guidance that moves about $9
million per quarter from interest expense to nonoperating expense.

Now please turn to Slide 13. We continue to generate strong
cash flow. For the last 12 months, we generated over $2.7 billion or $12.30 per
share of distributable cash flow. From this distributable cash flow, we paid
almost 40% or $1 billion as dividends to our shareholders and still have about
$1.7 billion available for high return industrial gas investments. As Seifi
mentioned, this strong cash flow enables us to continue to create shareholder
value through increasing dividends and capital deployment.

Slide #14 provides an update on our capital deployment
progress. As you can see, we now show over $18 billion of investment capacity
available over the 5-year period from FY 2018 through FY 2022. As expected, our
total capacity continues to grow as we increase EBITDA. The over $18 billion
includes almost $10 billion of additional debt capacity available today, almost
$5 billion of investable cash flow between now and the end of FY '22 and over
$3 billion already spent.

We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance to
maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. Today, we have a total of about $8
billion of project and M&A commitments with about $7 billion remaining to
spend on them. So you can see, we have already spent 20% and already committed
well over half of our total available capacity.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. I'm very pleased to say
that we generated excellent results in all of our operating geographies. All 3
regions reported double-digit profit growth and significant margin expansion.
We are not depending on economic growth around the world, but are meeting our
commitments to you through our own actions by realizing value we provide to our
customers and by successfully executing high-return growth projects.

Now please turn to Slide #15, where you can see that our
team in Asia has again delivered another set of outstanding results. As we have
previously mentioned, trade tensions have not significantly impacted our
business. Our customers and the Chinese government continues to support Air
Products' projects, and we remain very optimistic about our long-term prospects
in this important region of the world.

For the quarter, sales increased 11% from last year, with
volume and price together up 13%. Volumes increased 9%, driven by new projects,
base business growth and a short-term supply contract. As a reminder, the
year-on-year impact of Lu'An has lapsed since the project has been successfully
operating for more than a year. Overall pricing for the region increased 4%,
and actually, our merchant pricing increased by 10%, the 11th consecutive
quarter of year-on-year price improvement. Price was positive in all key
countries. Profits and margins were higher, driven by the strong volume and
price. EBITDA increased 16%, and EBITDA margin expanded 260 points to just over
50%.

Sequentially, sales and profit softened as the impact of
lower volumes, including less benefit from the short-term supply contracts, was
partially offset by productivity. As you would expect, we do anticipate a
seasonal slowdown during the Lunar New Year Holiday in quarter 2.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to
discuss our Americas results. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
16 for a review of our Americas results. America's strong pricing trend
continued, up 3%. This is the sixth consecutive quarter of year-on-year
improvement. Price was better across all major product lines and in all
subregions. Volume was up 1%, driven by stronger Gulf Coast hydrogen volumes
with less planned customer maintenance outages than last year. This was
partially offset by persistent economic weakness in South America. Lower energy
pass-through reduced sales by 8%. EBITDA of $410 million, increased 11%,
supported by better price, higher volume and lower maintenance costs. EBITDA
margin of almost 44% was up almost 700 basis points, primarily due to better
price, lower maintenance and improved productivity. Energy pass-through also
contributed about 300 basis points.

Looking into next quarter, we anticipate higher and
above-average maintenance spending due to planned life extension work on
several facilities. We expect our full year maintenance expense to be within
our normal range.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 17
for a review of our Europe, Middle East and Africa results. Our EMEA business
continued to generate strong price, volume and profit growth despite the
challenging economic conditions in the region. Volume was up 6%, primarily
driven by increased hydrogen volumes in our Rotterdam pipeline system and the
CO2 business we acquired last year while base merchant business volume remained
stable. Price increased 3% with improvement across all major products and
subregions. This is the eighth consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement.

Sales were negatively impacted by 8% from the India contract
change, 4% from lower energy pass-through and 2% from unfavorable currency. As
Scott mentioned, the India contract was modified in December 2018. So this is
the last quarter we will see a year-on-year impact. EBITDA of $188 million was
up 14%, supported by the strong price and volume. And EBITDA margin of nearly
38% improved over 600 basis points. The India contract change and lower energy
pass-through contributed about 400 basis points of this improvement.

Now please turn to Slide 18, Global Gases, which includes
our non-LNG sale of equipment businesses as well as central industrial gas
costs. Other project activities offset the expected lower results from the
successful Jazan ASU sale of equipment project. However, we don't expect these
other project activities to continue at this level.

Please turn to Slide 19. Corporate segment, which includes
LNG and other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Sales were higher this
quarter, supported by contributions from the Golden Pass LNG project. Profits
were flat as the improved contribution from LNG was offset by higher corporate
costs as we continue to build our capabilities and strengthen our organization
to successfully pursue our significant growth opportunities. Sequentially,
results were down as LNG had a lower quarter on normal sale of equipment profit
timing, and we saw relatively higher costs, including incentive compensation.
We remain very optimistic about additional LNG orders since our technology has
been selected for several major projects around the world that are awaiting
final investment decisions or final agreements with our customers.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, again, Simon. Now please turn
to Slide #20. As you all know, and it's pretty obvious, we continue to live in
an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control. But we do have
control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in a dynamic and
changing world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that
remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities,
which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promise to investors. Despite
this uncertainty, there is no change in our fiscal year 2020 EPS guidance of
$9.35 to $9.60, which is up 14% to 17% over our strong fiscal year 2019
performance. As we continue to expect our fiscal -- we continue to expect our
fiscal year 2020 CapEx to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.5 billion. For
second quarter of fiscal year 2020, our earnings per share guidance is $2.10 to
$2.20, which at midpoint is up 12% versus last year.

Now please turn to Slide #21. At midpoint, our fiscal year
2020 guidance represents 6 consecutive years of double-digit earnings growth
and 14% average earnings per share growth over this time. Thanks to the great
team at Air Products, we continue to deliver on our commitments.

Our team around the world continues to be very optimistic about
the future of Air Products. Our Five-Point strategic plan will differentiate us
and drive our success going forward. Our safety, productivity and operating
performance provide the foundation for our continued growth. We have the
financial capacity, the technical position and the talent to take a full
advantage of our exciting opportunities, and I'd like to stress that we see --
we do see a lot of exciting opportunities ahead of us.

And finally, please turn to Slide #22. As always, our real
competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we
have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our strong
performance. I want to thank all of our 17,000 people around the world for
their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of
us with energy and a spirit of working together. I certainly am proud to be
part of this winning team.

With that, now we are delighted to answer any questions that
you might have.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first
question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you describe your volume growth in oxygen and
nitrogen in the United States in the merchant area?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We would prefer not to get into that
detail, Jeff. Because that is obviously a very significant competitive
information, and we usually do not disclose that. I'm sorry about that. But
hope you bear with us that we want to stick with that policy.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. You're going to spend $4
billion to $4.5 billion in CapEx this year. Does that amount of spending lead
to some costs coming into the income statement in advance of the capital
projects coming on stream? In other words, are your current returns being
penalized at all by the large capital expenditure budget that you have for this
year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jeff, you make a very good point. As you
notice from our results, our cost, I mean, if you focus on the cost, you see
increasing cost. That's not because we have become less efficient. That is
because we are building the organization in anticipation of executing these
projects. So you are very correct that we will see, as you are seeing, some
increase in cost. It is not that significant, but it is there, and you're very
-- it's very appropriate for you to point that out.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Vincent
Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I have a follow-up on the $0.12 of cost increase in the quarter. The
investments you're making to grow the business. Jeff, obviously, just talked
about the existing plan. How much of the spend is going towards future
opportunities like hydrogen mobility or other things because I was just curious
on the R&D side of the equation, what it is that you're driving at?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the expenditures are in 2 aspects.
One is, obviously, R&D expenditure, which is you kind of know about how much
we are spending, it is not that huge. But the other thing is actually hiring
very high quality, experienced people to oversee the execution of these
projects that we expect to get. We don't want to get the projects and then look
for talent. We are putting the talent in place in anticipation of those
projects, which we are sure will happen. So a significant part of the cost is
the hiring and onboarding of all of these people, and there is a substantial
number of people that we have brought in, especially to strengthen our
technology section and our project execution capability.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. That makes sense. If I could
just ask a follow-up on the dividend. Obviously, a very large increase, a
record increase. Last year, when we talked about it, you mentioned that you
historically has spoken to your investors about a 2.5% to 3% yield. Obviously,
this takes you to about 2.25%. My assumption is that with the increase in the
share price last year to go back to 2.5% to 3% would have been perhaps
unattractive in terms of moving cash flow away from investment projects. But I
guess the question is, how should we think about sort of the dividend growth
algorithm going forward? Should we be thinking more about keeping the yield at
2.25% to 2.5%? Or what philosophy can you help us with this year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That's an excellent question. We
obviously take a lot of different factors into consideration when we decide on
the dividend. It's not just 2.5% of the stock price, but it's also our cash flow.
I think you should expect that we would continue to give approximately half of
our free cash flow as dividends. That has been kind of one guidance, and
obviously, a percentage of the share price is another part. I personally think
that we should continue to pay a very healthy dividend, something which is in
the order of 2.5% of our share price and also about half of our free cash. So
this year, I mean, we are increasing it 15%. It would have been ridiculous if
we had to start right now and we can't anticipate what the share price will be.
So we make the decision based on a lot of different factors that's in, but
overall guidance, about half of our free cash or about 2.5% of the share price.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Kevin
McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: Seifi, if I back out the effect of the India contract modification, it
looks like your volume grew about 6% year-over-year. And so I have a 2-part
question. First, I was wondering if you could comment as to the effect of new
projects in that number versus baseline volume growth. And then secondly, since
you're one of the first chemical companies to report this season, just
wondering if you could comment on which end-use markets might have trended
better than expected? And if there are any that came in lower than your
expectation?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Kevin. Excellent question. In
terms of breaking down between organic growth and new projects, our basic
approach has been not to disclose that detail. But I would like to specifically
answer your second question. We obviously beat the forecast. The reason for
that is that the economic growth in Asia was better than we expected. The
economic growth in Europe didn't become as bad as we expected because of
Brexit. And in the U.S., there was not much of a change, and Latin America
continues to be a disaster. So overall, as we go forward, we are now a little
bit more optimistic about Asia. Obviously, in the second quarter, you have the
Lunar New Year and that dampens the growth, but we expect that to continue as
we go forward in the other quarters. And I'm hoping that things will kind of
stabilize in Europe and in the U.S. But that's kind of how we see the thing.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Christopher
Parkinson with CrÃƒÂ©dit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just give us a real quick update
on your various Saudi projects, primarily Jazan, the MOUs and just the future
potential for a pipeline build-out? Just any additional framework on Saudi
Arabia will be appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, obviously, we are very honored and
very proud to be given the gigantic project of the integrated gas project in
Jazan. That is not only an equivalent of a $12 billion acquisition, but it also
is a phenomenal reference in terms of our gasification capability. It is using
the Shell technology and it is a gigantic project. So we are very happy with
that. We are making a lot of progress on that. And I continue to be very
optimistic that we will try -- that we will be kind of complete the financing
in this quarter. But you do need to appreciate, and I'm sure you do, that we
are going to go to the market for $7 billion of debt considering the different
events in the world and all of that, things might not happen exactly on the
date. But the fact of the matter is that we are talking about a 25-year
project. So the impact on Air Product for the long-term is extremely positive.
Now whether we actually close in the month of March or whether it is in the
month of April, we'll see. But we continue to be very optimistic about that
project. As I said, we are very proud of that. And quite frankly, you see that
we have not changed our forecast. That means that we still believe that this
will happen at the time that we thought at the beginning of the year. Is that
okay, Chris?

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: That's very helpful. Just as a
quick follow-up and a little bit longer-term one. Just carbon capture was just
indistinctly a clear theme at Davos this year and was basically discussed
across by pretty much every global leader, the IEA and plethora of oil
companies, all of them with their own partner proprietary technology. Can you
just update us on your own thoughts on this front? Whether your technologies
fit into the broader equation? And how the investment community should at least
begin to think about this opportunity as it pertains to Air Products?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, we have recognized and made carbon
capture a priority for the company 5 years ago. That is the future. That is a
necessity in order to deal with the global warming. And I am very happy to see
that responsible people are now actually talking about it. Hopefully, we were
ahead of the game. We have been working on different technologies on this. The
first thing is that we do have the technology to capture carbon from hydrogen
plants and I think gasifiers and so on for enhanced oil recovery. We do have a
commercial scale plant operating in Port Arthur. It's one of the biggest in the
world, and we capture the CO2 and put it in the pipeline there for enhanced oil
recovery. That kind of projects you should expect that we will do on a very large-scale
around the world. The second thing is sequestration. We have developed
technologies on that and we are working on that. And hopefully, in time, we
will be able to announce the kind of commercial projects that we are doing. The
third and most exciting thing is some new technologies that we are developing.
And in respect to carbon capture in a different way, I don't want to go through
the details of that because I don't think it's appropriate at this stage. We
are laser-focused on carbon capture. If you look at our annual report, and we
make it very clear, we say gasification today, carbon capture tomorrow and
hydrogen for mobility the day after tomorrow. So those are the priorities of
our company, and we are obviously trying to be the leader on that, the same way
that we became the leader in gasification.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John McNulty
with BMO Capital Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: With regard to coal gasification in China, can you give us an update
on the market there and what you're seeing in terms of interest and demand? I
know certainly over the last year or so, there was a lot of demand and a lot of
talk about it. We haven't necessarily seen a lot of new announcements. So I
guess, can you give us an update on your confidence in that area?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We continue to be optimistic about that.
We did announce the coal gasification project, as I'm sure you saw, and we
expect to announce some more in the years to come. We are working on Juitai. We
announced Debang and there are other projects. We don't see any slowdown on
that, and we are very optimistic about that, John.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY: Great. And then just a question on the
helium markets. Can you speak to kind of what you're seeing in the industry
right now and how you're seeing how that plays out through 2020?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, John, I think it is not a secret
that supply-demand situation in helium is challenging. Basically, there is not
enough supply to meet the demand. And obviously, that has had an effect on the
commercial value of helium. And you can -- and you are seeing that in our
results. In terms of 2020, I think that situation will continue, and it is
quite possible that, that situation will continue for a few years to come. I
don't want to anticipate that because it depends on the performance of the
current sources or bringing on a stream of some other sources. But helium has
such a small number of sources and so on. So it's very transparent about what's
going on. There are not that many places that produce helium. So it's very easy
for investors and people like yourself to figure out what's going on.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from David
Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you give any new update on the Yankuang
project. It's a large one, and it's still, I guess, progressing little bit
slowly here?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, there is no additional update. I've
always mentioned that, that project is a big project. We signed the Memorandum
of Understanding in November of 2017 when the President was visiting China.
That project is moving very slowly. Some of it is our fault. I have explained
that, that we want to make sure that there is coal allocation before we go and
invest $1.5 billion of our money there. So I think you should expect a slow
progress on that project.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Got it. And do you have the merchant
price increases for both the Americas and EMEA, you gave us the Asia price
increase?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Merchant price increases are the way we
see it. Americas is about 7%, Europe is about 5%, and Asia is 10%. We usually
don't disclose that detail, but since you asked the question, David, I had to
answer you.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from P.J. Juvekar with
Citigroup.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS &
AGRICULTURE RESEARCH AND MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Your EBITDA
margins were 40%, which is great. If you take out the energy pass-through,
EBITDA margins were closer to 37% to 38% and then there was also positive
impact of India contract modification. So it seems like your sort of same-store
EBITDA margins are in that mid-30s to maybe high 30s range. Is that a good
range going forward? And how will the new coal gasification projects and your
build-own operate model sort of impact those margins in the future?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Order of magnitude, your math is correct,
and we expect the margins to continue to be in the range that you mentioned.
But as we do these bigger projects that will improve. That has -- that will
have a positive effect on those margins. Sorry, I'm losing my voice a little
bit. But -- so overall, you should expect that our margins will stay at around
38%, 37% to 40%, 49% -- I mean 39%, 40%, around that range.

PRASHANT N. JUVEKAR: Okay. While you take a breath, let me
ask a question to Scott. Working capital was a drag. And I'm sure that was
partly driven by new project startups, but your receivables were down, payables
were up. Can you sort of shed more light on working capital drag? And how much
of that impact is from new startups?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question,
P.J. Our DSO was about 52 days. So we're in good shape, and we constantly
monitor that. What you're seeing this quarter is really driven by the timing
between our SOE opportunities and some of the timing difference between when
we're booking earnings versus the collection of cash. So nothing systemic, and
we'll see that bounce around. So -- but thanks for the question.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Mike Harrison
with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I wanted to ask about the
Asia business, and you've referenced the short term contract, which I believe
also contributed last quarter. But can you just provide some additional detail
on how much of that was contributing to revenues in the quarter? And how we
should think about that contribution for the rest of fiscal '20?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It is a small contribution that we
actually had, but it's not material and it's not going to change things that
much.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And the other question I
had is on hydrogen. I believe you mentioned -- you called out strength in the
Gulf Coast as well as in Europe. Just wondering if you can provide any sense of
what's driving that? And then it sounds like -- just looking for clarification,
it sounds like the turnaround activity was maybe a little bit lower than you
expected, but maybe maintenance cost go up in Q2 and net-net about normal in
terms of overall maintenance activity for the full year. Is that -- do I
understand that correctly?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Number one, I think, as Scott
mentioned in his comments that we expect a higher maintenance cost in the
second quarter because of the timing. But for the year, we expect our
maintenance cost to be what number that we have discussed with you before,
which is order of magnitude $250 million, $260 million a year. With respect to
hydrogen demand, it is not huge, but we do see some effect because of the IMO
2020 that people need more hydrogen in order to clean up the fuel.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Duffy
Fischer with Barclays.

DUFFY FISCHER: First question is just around the capital. It
looks like you're going to increase your capital spend about 300% per quarter,
if you kind of rough the Q4 -- the Q1 number to get to your annual number. What
does that end up doing to your tax rate as you shift your geographic footprint
over time?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'd like Scott to answer that, but while
he is kind of pulling his stats together. And obviously, you know that the
reason for that is because we expect a big chunk of capital expenditure because
of Jazan when we close. So that is one of the reasons that the number kind of
looks, hey, this quarter, it was this, and suddenly, it's going to go up. That
is because of Jazan. In terms of the effect, in terms of our tax, I don't think
it is material, but I'd like Scott to comment on that.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, sure. Thanks, Duffy. So as I
think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, for the year we expect it still to be
in the 20% to 21% book effective tax rate. And obviously, that will move around
quarter-to-quarter, be dependent on where -- how much money we make and where
we make it. But even going forward on the other side of the Jazan, I would
still put it in that sort of range. I will also mention, though, so that's a
book tax rate. From a cash tax perspective, we've historically seen in the kind
of the mid-teens. And similarly, it depends on where and how much we make. But
I would expect it to maybe be the mid-to-upper teens on a cash tax basis, okay?

DUFFY FISCHER: Great. And then in what was resoundingly a
good quarter, the most eye-popping number to me was the 10% pricing in the
merchant business in Asia. Can you just talk about the supply-demand dynamics?
How strong that market feels? And how resilient that kind of pricing momentum
feels going forward?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We feel optimistic about that. You
obviously appreciate the nature of the industry, and we don't want to comment
on pricing. So I don't want to say too much, but we continue to think that
there is a good supply-demand situation that, that kind of pricing will
continue.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jim Sheehan
with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: On your return on capital employed number, a
little over 13% and expanding, where do you think that number can get to after
some of the very large projects start-up over the next few years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jim, that's a good question. We have
always said that our target is 15%. So we would like to get it to 15% and I
think in time, we will get there. Actually, as we spend more cash, that number
will go up because the way we calculate the return, it includes the cash. So if
tomorrow, we spend all the cash on projects that number will enhance. Other
people don't include the cash because -- so as a result of that, I mean, you
understand the dynamics of the top of the line and the bottom of the line. But
fundamentally, we are looking forward to increasing that number to 15%. And
Scott has a comment that he wants to add.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: I just want to build on it and
already, if you take a look at our cash on hand, if you were to look at it on a
net debt basis, net of the cash, it's already almost 16% roughly.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Terrific. And on your pricing trends,
you've been very disciplined about raising prices, and it looks like the
supply-demand balance is supporting that. Just curious if you're starting to
see any signs of market share loss as a result of your pricing execution?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I don't want to claim that we have not
had any market share loss, but it has not been significant or material, but we
might have some. When -- we were very open about this thing in February of last
year when we said that we are -- we need to recover some of our cost as we said
before we expect and we are going to -- willing to live with market share loss,
but we have not seen a significant one, but there might be some here and there.
I don't want to claim we haven't lost anything. But it isn't anything that
would force us to change our strategy.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Is the
sequential pricing just rounding down to 0 or is it close to 0.5% or so, so
that the year-over-year pricing for the overall company will stay up near 3%
over the next few quarters?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: John, you really do your homework, John.
I'm very impressed that you are providing that detail, a lot of credit to you.
It is rounding down. It is actually up sequential...

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: And then if you built a bridge
between the December quarter earnings and the March quarter earnings here, you
mentioned that the Lunar New Year will be a sequential headwind. Could you talk
about sequentially, from an earnings perspective, any other puts and takes as
we go from December quarter to March quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that when we give you
the guidance, obviously, we needed to look at everything. And we debated this
thing quite a bit yesterday, quite honestly. And that is the dynamic of the
Lunar New Year, which we always -- we don't know exactly how it will work out.
And then there is obviously the headline in the papers that you see about this
virus thing. So how would that develop and how the effect of that. That is why
we decided to take the 2 into consideration and expand the range. We usually
give you guidance within $0.05. This time we are giving you guidance within
$0.10. So that is our thinking right now, that's our best judgment.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jonas
Oxgaard with Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I was hoping to get some help tying some numbers,
is a 2-parter if you don't mind. But the first one is, you announced the $500
million project a few weeks ago and I see in your CapEx, you raised it by $500
million, but you had some other announcements in the quarter as well, like the
South Korea project. So where did the CapEx from South Korea and others go? Did
some projects fall out?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. I don't think anything has fall out.
Simon does these numbers in detail. So Simon, would you like to comment,
please?

SIMON R. MOORE: Sure. Jonas, sorry if we miscommunicated. I
think our CapEx guidance, our expected spending for the year has not changed, quite
frankly. You could also expect that when we give you CapEx guidance, it may
include projects that haven't yet been announced but we're highly confident
about. I would also just add the Gulf Coast Ammonia we just announced that
there wouldn't be a huge amount of spending in this fiscal year anyway.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Also, I meant that long-term committed to
the spend the -- what is it $10.3 billion?

SIMON R. MOORE: Sure. So obviously, we continue to spend
money on projects that continue to come on stream and so that numbers come up a
little bit.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Yes. But the question is, the number came
up $500 million, which is exactly the project you announced in the Gulf Coast,
right? Yet there were other announcements in that same quarter that apparently
didn't make it into the sum total.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It's because some of the projects have
come on stream, and when they come on stream, they are taken off of the -- off
of what we say as backlog.

SIMON R. MOORE: And Jonas, I guess, I would just point to
the fact that when we give you a backlog number, it may include at times
projects that we haven't announced yet if we're highly certain of them.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. That makes sense. The other thing I
was trying to tie was the guidance for the year didn't change even though you
beat pretty handily. Is the inference the slipping of Jazan? Or how should I
think about that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, it's becoming -- we need to put
everything together. But obviously, this quarter, our results are better than
expectation. We had told you $2.05 to $2.10 and we delivered $2.14. So as a
result, we felt better about our base business, and therefore, but there are --
the timing of the Jazan thing. So at the end of the day, we made the judgment
that overall we should be able to meet our commitment.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Mike Sison
with Wells Fargo.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, SENIOR ANALYST, WELLS FARGO
SECURITIES, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Nice quarter. You noted that Lu'An has
anniversaried -- I think it's your first sort of major gasification project.
Can you maybe talk about what you've learned from running it for a year? Any
positive surprises, negative surprises? Obviously, it's done well. Just kind of
wanted your thoughts on how that has done over the last year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you for asking that question
because I wanted to brag about it a little bit, quite honestly. We have had a
very positive experience. Number one, our expectation of the amount of time
that we can keep the project online when we started and people will tell you
gasifiers or something like 85%, 86%, we have had those gasifiers online for
more than 95% of the time. So that is very good news. The second thing is that
in terms of financial performance is exactly as we thought. And the third thing
is that we have learned a lot by operating these shared gasifiers first hand.
And we are seeing some positive impacts that we will incorporate in the future
projects. And I'm also very proud of our people that we gave them this and we
had to put in something like 500 new people on this thing. We have operated
this thing, knocking on board very safely and very efficiently. So it has been
a very positive experience, and it significantly has increased our confidence
in taking on new projects.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Got it. And then just one quick one on
the range for the year. Just curious, at the high end, what do you think needs
to happen to sort of be close to that end versus sort of the midpoint or the
lower end?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We need to get lucky with the economy and
close Jazan in time, so...

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Steve Byrne
with Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes, Seifi, if a partner were to come to you and
offer you either an excess supply of energy or maybe a renewable energy supply,
do you have the capability of producing hydrogen from electrolysis?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, we do. And we already do that. We
have the capability and we are pursuing projects in that -- of that nature.

STEVE BYRNE: And when you look out longer-term, Seifi, in
your -- in this pursuit of hydrogen for transportation, how would you rank that
technology versus the standard of methane reforming versus this more recent
project with using ammonia as a carrier of hydrogen?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think that the world is moving toward
green hydrogen. And green hydrogen is obviously using solar and then
electrolysis of water to produce hydrogen. We think that is the future and a
significant number of projects will be done in that way. And that is where we
are building our capability. You are very right, that is the future. We
definitely think that is the future. Yes, ammonia thing is obviously a special
issue, which is transportation of hydrogen. But you should think that people
would use solar in order to make green hydrogen and then take that green
hydrogen convert it to ammonia and then send it to Japan.

STEVE BYRNE: And with respect to carbon sequestration, is
that Gulf Coast Ammonia project of yours have any requirements on you to
sequester the CO2?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, not the Gulf Coast. We got the permit
-- we are not recovering CO2 at that plant at this time.

STEVE BYRNE: Yes, I was really referring to the long-term
contracts for this ammonia. Is there any component of that, that is expecting
that the carbon to be sequestered?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, there is no such requirement.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Laurence
Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two quick ones. Can you help us with the
effective tailwind for next year from the projects that are lapping next year
and then the new projects coming on, just so we can get a sense for how much of
a deceleration compared to this year is implied by the backlog? And secondly,
on carbon sequestration, I think a lot of the environmental debate focuses on
the relative cost versus mitigation coming out at about 5 to 10x the cost of
mitigating through, for example, tree planting. But obviously, carbon
sequestration has the virtue that is a project you control. Can you give us a
sense for how you're thinking about sequestration versus mitigation? And how
quickly you can bring down the cost of the sequestration technology?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think all of these questions that
you're asking in terms of the carbon capture and so on depends on the location
that we are -- you are and which part of the world you are and what are the incentives
and all of that. So it will be difficult to give you a general answer. With
respect to your first question, with respect to -- I do not see any drag on our
results next year as a result of the project. So I'm not sure I fully
understood your question. We expect that for 2021, our EPS will grow another
10% versus 2020. We don't expect any deceleration.

With that, I think that was the last question that people
have signed up for. So I would like to thank everybody for being on our call.
Thanks for taking time from your very busy schedule to listen to our
presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing
our results with you again next quarter. In the meantime, have a great day, and
have a nice quarter and expect some good results from Air Products, when we
announce our results next quarter. Thanks, again. Have a nice day.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank
you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012420a12984908.708










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
EBITDA (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); ESTATE, GIFT &
TRUST LAW (88%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); CHEMICALS RESEARCH (78%); INTERIM
FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (77%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (76%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (72%); LAWYERS (66%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (72%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (55%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%);
DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB
(NYSE) (83%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); STI (NYSE)
(72%); MS (NYSE) (55%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES
BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(83%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (83%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS
(72%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (71%); SIC6289
SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (71%);
NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (70%); NAICS525110 PENSION
FUNDS (70%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); BANKING &
FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (90%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS
(90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); CHEMICALS RESEARCH (78%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (78%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); PAYMENT CARDS &
SERVICES (76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%); LAWYERS (66%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (58%)










 June 5, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

November
7, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 10059 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael James Leithead

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Air Products
& Chemicals Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call
is being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air products are subject to
copyright by Air products, and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Leanne, and good morning, everyone.
Welcome to Air Products' Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Teleconference.
This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined
today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. After our comments,
we'll be pleased to take your questions. Our earnings release and the slides
for this call are available on our website at airproducts.com.

This discussion contains forward-looking statements. Please
refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our
earnings release and on Slide #2. In addition, throughout today's discussion,
we will refer to various financial measures. Unless we specifically state
otherwise, we are referring to adjusted non-GAAP measures, including adjusted
earnings per share, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin on both a
company-wide and segment basis and ROCE. Reconciliations can be found on our
website in the Relevant Earnings Release section.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning everyone.
Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today.

We are very pleased that our record fiscal year earnings per
share of $8.21 represents our fifth consecutive year of double-digit earnings
growth. And our earnings per share of $2.27 for the quarter also represents
another record, up 14% over last year's strong results and is the 22nd, and I'd
like to stress, 22nd consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings growth.
Scott will comment on our financial results in more details. So I'm going to
focus my comments on safety, our higher purpose as a company, the very large
acquisition in Saudi Arabia that we announced last week, and the press release
we issued yesterday.

Now please turn to Slide #3. Safety, without question, is
job #1 for all of us at Air Products, and our goal has always been 0 accidents
and 0 incidents. Although you can see our good progress versus 2014, our safety
performance in 2019 was not acceptable as we did not show improvement versus
2018. Our people are certainly redoubling their efforts in this area so that we
can move toward our ultimate goal of an accident-free work environment.

Now please turn to Slide #6, our Five-Point Plan. I want to
comment on point #5 on the right-hand side, which describes our higher purpose.
We believe that in addition to creating value for our shareholders through
strong financial results, we do have a responsibility as a public company to
define the higher purpose in what we do. Our higher purpose at Air Products is
to create a diverse company, where people from all around the world and from
all sections of the society feel they belong and are treated as an equal part
of the team, a company where people's contribution are recognized and
appropriately rewarded, a company that people want to work for, where they are
proud to be part of the innovative process to solve the world's energy and
environmental challenges, a company that is absolutely committed to
sustainability and to the environment, and a company that is supportive of the
local communities where we live and work. That is our higher purpose, and we
are committed to it.

Now please go to Slide #1 -- #9, please, to discuss our very
large $11.5 billion acquisition in Saudi Arabia. You have seen this picture
before, but it has been updated to reflect the latest information. Saudi Aramco
is close to completing the construction of a 400,000 barrels per day refinery
in Jazan, Saudi Arabia. The high-sulfur vacuum resid from this refinery can no
longer be used to fuel ships due to the new IMO 2020 regulation. Therefore,
this liquid resid will be mixed with oxygen and gasified to produce synthetic
gas. This syngas is almost equivalent to natural gas, and it will be used to
drive turbines to produce 3,900 megawatt of power. The joint venture is
acquiring all of the assets, including the air-suppression units, the
gasifiers, power generation and the related utilities, for almost $11.5
billion. The joint venture will own and operate the facility and deliver power
and hydrogen to Saudi Aramco for a monthly fee. This, of course, is the same
business model as our traditional on-site business.

Now please go to Slide #10. This very large acquisition will
be owned by a new joint venture company called the Jazan Integrated
Gasification Company. The joint venture will we owned 20% by Saudi Aramco; 25%
by Aqua Power, the largest independent power producer in the Middle East; 46%
directly by Air Products; and 9% by Air Products Qudra, which we call APQ,
which is a joint venture of Air Products and Qudra Energy where Air Products
owns 51%. So Air Products' total ownership will be just over 50%.

Now please turn to Slide #11. The acquisition will be funded
by 40% equity from the shareholders and 60% debt. In terms of timing, we had
expected the transaction to be closed by the end of calendar 2019. But
recently, we have been informed that due to the extensive documentation
required to launch the financing, the closing is now expected to be in the
first quarter of calendar year 2020. In terms of accounting, at this point, we
are not expecting to consolidate the full financial results of this entity in
Air Products, so the results will be reflected in equity affiliated income.

Based on the ownership percentage and the debt equity split,
Air Products' cash contribution to this project will be $2.3 billion. We do
not, and I'd like to stress, we do not plan to disclose the details of this
project in terms of profitability. But I do want to confirm for you that the
return on this investment will be better than the general guidance for
investment that we have given to our investors in the past.

As for the press release we issued last night, that is
related to our plans to build an industrial gas pipeline system in Jubail,
Saudi Arabia, which could be similar to our hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen
pipeline system in the U.S. Gulf Coast to sell [to all] (corrected by the
company after the call) of the refineries and chemical plants in that part of
the world. The press release confirms that the Royal Commission has given us
permission to proceed with the project, and we will update you about this
project every quarter in terms of what we are doing. This is a major step
forward for us in Saudi Arabia, in addition to the acquisition.

Now please turn to my favorite slide, #13. You can see our
record EBITDA margin of almost 42%, which is up almost 1,700 basis points from
early 2014.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to give you the
details of our financial performance. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi.

Now please turn to Slide 14 for our full year results. We
delivered another strong year of underlying sales growth and very strong profit
growth despite modest economic activity around the world. Sales of almost $9
billion were flat versus last year as 2% volume growth and 3% price were offset
by nonoperational factors. Specifically, weaker foreign currencies, primarily
the Chinese RMB, euro and British pound lowered sales by 3%; and the India
contract modification, which had no profit impact, reduced sales by another 2%
compared to prior year. The volume growth was primarily driven by new plants,
particularly Lu'An, and supported by positive base volume. Sales from the very
successful Jazan sale of equipment project were lower as the project nears
completion. This negatively impacted volumes by 2%.

We saw price improvement in all 3 regions and across major
product lines. Strong price and volume led to another year of double-digit
profit growth despite currency headwinds. EBITDA improved 11% to nearly $3.5
billion. EBITDA margin of 38.9% was up 400 basis points, primarily due to the
better price and volume. The India contract modification contributed 80 basis
points. Record earnings per share of $8.21 was up 10% versus prior year. Our FY
'19 CapEx of $2.1 billion was lower than we had forecast on project and M&A
timing, and ROCE improved 70 basis points to 13.1%.

Now please turn to Slide 15. Our full year EPS from
continuing operations of $8.21 increased by $0.76 per share, driven by our
strong operating performance. Price, volume and cost combined contributed over
$1 per share. And excluding the impact of negative currency, EPS in total was
up nearly $1 or 13% compared to prior year. A slightly higher tax rate of 19.4%
reduced EPS by $0.09, and other items together added $0.01. This includes
higher noncontrolling interest, primarily due to the Lu'An project. We expect
an effective tax rate of 20% to 21% in fiscal year 2020.

Now please turn to Slide 16. We continue to generate strong
cash flow. For the full fiscal year 2019, we generated almost $2.7 billion or
over $12 per share of distributable cash flow. This is an increase of almost
20% or close to $2 per share from 2018. From this distributable cash flow, we
paid almost 40% or $1 billion as dividends to our shareholders and still have
nearly $1.7 billion available for high-return industrial gas investments. This
strong cash flow enables us to continue to create shareholder value through
increasing dividends and capital deployment.

Slide #17 provides an update on our capital deployment
progress. As you can see, we now show almost $18 billion of investment capacity
available over the 5-year period from FY 2018 through FY 2022. As expected, our
total capacity continues to grow as we increase EBITDA. The almost $18 billion
includes about $9.5 billion of additional debt capacity available today, $5
billion of investable cash flow between now and the end of FY '22 and over $3
billion already spent. We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance
to maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. Today, we have a total of about
$7.6 billion of project and M&A commitments with about $6.6 billion
remaining to spend on them. So you can see, we have already spent 18% and
already committed well over half of our total available capacity.

Now please turn to Slide 18 for a few comments on our fourth
quarter results. Sales of $2.3 billion were roughly flat as 8% volume and price
growth was offset by lower energy pass-through, the India contract modification
and negative currency impact. Volume added 5% due to new plants, base growth,
acquisitions and a short-term contract in Asia. Lower Jazan sale of equipment
activity reduced sales by 2%. Price was up 3% with strong performance in all 3
regions, continuing the positive trend from prior quarters. Although
unfavorable currency persisted, EBITDA of almost $1 billion improved 16%, and
EPS of $2.27 was up 14%. EBITDA margin of almost 42% is up over 600 basis
points, primarily driven by a higher price and the strong volumes. Lower energy
pass-through and the India contract modification contributed about 200 basis
points. Sequentially, EBITDA increased 7% as all segments improved,
particularly Asia, driven by strong volume performance.

Please turn to Slide 19. Our fourth quarter EPS of $2.27 was
up 14% or $0.27 per share. Volume, price and costs together contributed almost
$0.40, extending the strong operating performance from prior quarters. Currency
and foreign exchange was $0.03 unfavorable, primarily due to the Chinese RMB,
the euro and the British pound. Our effective tax rate of 20.2% was 260 basis
points higher than last year's lower-than-typical rate, which reduced EPS by
$0.08. Noncontrolling interest, primarily due to Lu'An, reduced EPS by $0.04.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott.

Before I get into the segment results for this quarter,
please turn to Slide #20 where you can see the regional EBITDA margins for the
year. Our teams have worked very hard to make significant improvements,
especially with modest economic growth globally.

Now please turn to Slide #21 where you can see the
impressive results generated by our business in Asia. This strong performance
reinforces that our business has not been materially affected by trade
tensions. Furthermore, our customers and Chinese government continue to be
excited about how Air Products is helping China meet its goals. They are very
supportive. We are successfully executing projects and remain very optimistic
about our long-term prospect in this region of the world.

For the quarter, sales increased 16% from last year with
volume and price together up nearly 20%. Volumes increased 16%, driven by new
projects, a short-term supply contract and base business growth. As a reminder,
Lu'An came fully onstream during the fourth quarter last year, so the
year-on-year benefit was more modest this quarter.

Merchant volume was impacted by China's moderating economic
growth and some industrial production curtailments in preparation for the country's
70th anniversary celebration. Overall pricing for the region increased 3%, the
tenth consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement. Price was positive
in all key countries. Profit and margins were higher, driven by the strong
volume, price and productivity that more than offset negative currency. EBITDA
increased 31%, and EBITDA margin expanded 550 basis points to over 48%.
Sequentially, profit growth lagged volume growth as we saw higher costs,
including plant maintenance and annual variable compensation.

In terms of projects, we are continuing our discussions with
the YK Group for the very large coal to syngas project and are being told that
the project is still expected to proceed, but we do not expect onstream before
2023.

Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to discuss
our Americas result. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi.

Please turn to Slide 22 for a review of our Americas
results. Americas' strong pricing trend continued, up 3%. This is the fifth
consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement. Price was better across all
major product lines and in all subregions. Overall, sales were down 5% as
higher price was more than offset by 2% lower volume, 5% lower energy
pass-through and 1% weaker currency. Volume was weaker this quarter due to
planned Gulf Coast customer outages and continued difficult economic conditions
in South America. EBITDA of $412 million increased 3% as strong price overcame
the negative impact of lower volume and higher maintenance costs. EBITDA margin
of 44% was up 350 basis points. Energy pass-through contributed about 180 basis
points.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott.

Please turn to Slide 23 for a review of our EMEA results.
Our EMEA business overcame the challenging economic conditions in the region
and continued to deliver strong results. Price increased 4% with improvement
across all major products and subregions. This is the seventh consecutive quarter
of year-on-year price improvement. Volume was up 5%, primarily driven by
increased demand for hydrogen in our Rotterdam pipeline system and our
previously announced CO2 business acquisition, while base Merchant business
volume remained stable. Sales were negatively impacted by 5% lower energy
pass-through, 4% unfavorable currency and 12% from the India contract change.
EBITDA of $193 million was up 11% and was up 16% on a constant currency basis,
supported by the strong volume and pricing. EBITDA margin reached almost 40%,
an improvement of over 800 basis points. The India contract change and lower
energy pass-through contributed about 600 basis points.

Now please turn to Slide 24, Global Gases, which includes
our air separation unit, sale of equipment business as well as central
industrial gas business costs. Our results declined due to lower project
activity as we approach the successful conclusion of our Jazan ASU sale of
equipment project.

Please turn to Slide 25, Corporate Segment, which includes
LNG and other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Sales and profits were
higher this quarter, supported by contributions from the Golden Pass LNG
project and lower corporate costs. Although the profit shown in this quarter is
still modest, we expect the performance of this segment to improve. We remain
optimistic about additional LNG orders since our technology has been selected
for several major projects around the world that are awaiting final investment
decisions or final agreements with our customers.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon.

Please turn to Slide #26. As you all know, we continue to
live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control. But we do
have control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in a dynamic and
changing world. We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that
remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities,
which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promises to our investors.

Consistent with our goal to achieve an average annual growth
rate of at least 10%, we are extremely pleased to provide EPS guidance for
fiscal year 2020 of $9.35 to $9.60, up 14% or 17% over our strong fiscal year
2019 performance. This includes our expected contribution from the Jazan
project. We expect our fiscal year 2020 capital expenditure to be in the range
of $4 billion to $4.5 billion, which includes the expected spending for the
Jazan project. For quarter 1 of fiscal year 2020, our earning per share
guidance is $2.05 to $2.10, up 10% to 13% over last year.

Now please turn to Slide #27. At midpoint, our fiscal year
2020 guidance represents 6 consecutive years of double-digit earnings growth
and 14% average cumulative earnings growth per share over this 6-year time
frame. Thanks to the great team at Air Products, we continue to deliver on our
commitment to our shareholders 5-and-a-half years ago that we would grow Air
Products EPS at least 10% a year.

Our team around the world continues to be very optimistic
about the future of Air Products. Our 5-point strategic plan will differentiate
us and drive our success going forward. Our safety, productivity and operating
performance provide the foundation for our continued growth. We have the
financial capacity, the technical position and know-how and the challenge and
people to take full advantage of the very exciting opportunities ahead of us.

And finally, please turn to Slide #28. As always, our real competitive
advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air
Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our strong
performance.

I want to thank all our 16,000 people around the world for
their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in front of
us with energy and a spirit of working together. I am certainly proud to be
part of this winning team.

Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

And we will take our first question from Jeff Zekauskas with
JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Your sequential prices in China were flat. Is
there a flattening out of price in that market? Or is it some kind of pause?
What are the price dynamics in China?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I would not characterize that as a
slowing down of the price increases. In the fourth quarter in China, there was
a very interesting dynamic because a lot of the industries around Beijing, were
ordered to be shut down so that there will be clean air for the celebrations on
October 1. Obviously, when that happens, demand goes down and the leverage on
pricing goes down. I think that once we get back to normal, which is where we
are, that trend will continue.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: And could you also comment on price
trends in Europe and in the United States for 2020 for the industry, generally,
in that there's obviously been an industrial slowdown? Is that something that
you think would put pressure on industry prices? Or do you think that there's
-- or do you think that that slowness is not significant enough to deter the
underlying trends?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Jeff, that's a very interesting
question because it obviously -- everything depends on the level of activity
and economic activity, supply-demand and all of that. What I can tell you is
that in the guidance that we have given you, we have assumed modest price
increases, not significant price increases. So we have been conservative on
pricing. Now if the situation turns out to be better, then we will do better.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Christopher
Parkinson with Crédit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just offer a little more color on
the MOUs that both you and the Saudis announced last week and some additional
color last night? There still seem to be a few constructive moving parts. So
just hitting on some of the -- potentially, at least the timing regarding
Jazan, understanding you can't explicitly quantify as well as the opportunities
left to come. Just anything you'd like to share there would be appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Chris. First of all, can I
just comment on Jazan? We are trying to raise more than $7 billion of debt. The
banks and our advisers have told us that, "Look, this cannot be done
overnight, Seifi. You are too optimistic. It's going to take time, not only to
raise the money and fixed interest rate, but then all of the documentation that
is required to actually get to an absolute closing." So we are -- in the
estimate that we have given you, we have assumed that this thing will close in
the first quarter of calendar 2020, and we have included an appropriate amount
of profit in our guidance.

That -- then with respect to the announcement that they made
last night, that is pretty significant because that allows us -- that the Royal
Commission has approved, that Air Products can build facilities and then
connect them by a pipeline to serve and optimize all of the requirements of
hydrogen, oxygen and nitrogen in the Jubail area, which I'm sure you're very
familiar, is where most of the refineries and chemical plants are. We -- nobody
can go and lay a pipeline without the permission of the Royal Commission. So
this is going to give us the capability to build a steam methane reformer, do
coal gasification in that part of the world and convey the hydrogen and then
optimize the hydrogen consumption in that part of the world. It can create
significant opportunities for investment. But the key, and that is why we made
the announcement, the key was having the permission from the Royal Commission
to lay the pipeline. We are going to move on this thing very quickly. We have
identified a significant number of projects that can be done. The customers in
that part of the world are very excited because if we do this and build this
hydrogen pipeline the same way that we have a hydrogen pipeline in the U.S.
Gulf Coast, it gives you the ability to connect these different plants, and it
significantly increases the reliability of the operation because you have
several production facilities connecting to a pipeline. If one production
facility goes down, people don't suffer. So this is a very, very positive
development for us, and it gives us an ability to actually go and do a lot of
these projects because if we had built a steam methane reformer or if we had
built a gasification unit to gasify petcoke and all of that, but if we couldn't
connect them, it wouldn't have been as interesting. But -- so this is pretty
significant, and we are very proud of it, and we are very thankful to the Saudi
government to allow us to do this, which is a totally separate project from
Jazan. Okay, Chris?

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Yes. That's very helpful. Also, in
your press release, you explicitly call out carbon capture, and it was also
recently kind of one of the key highlights within your sustainability report. I
think it was like 55 million tons in '18 or so. You also hit on a lot of 2020
goals regarding energy, water conservation, et cetera, et cetera. Can you just
hit on the opportunity longer term, understandably so, for Air Products on the
carbon capture fronts, given some of the rhetoric in the U.S., California,
Europe and just how some of these sustainability factors should ultimately help
profitability? Just anything to help us conceptualize the longer-term financial
opportunity on some of these ESG factors would be appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, thanks for the question. We have
always said that Air Products, we are focused on energy, which is gasification.
Huge amount of opportunity there, and it is gasification of coal, petcoke,
vacuum resid and all of that, and you see examples of that. But when you are
doing gasification, the CO2 is capture-ready. So there is significant
opportunity to capture that CO2 and try to really get to a totally clean coal
gasification where you gasify the stuff, you capture the CO2, and therefore,
you don't put anything into that facility. We have the technologies to capture
this and use it for enhanced oil recovery. We are already doing this in Texas
at Port Arthur. We do have technologies to capture this and do sequestration
that means inject it into the ground. And we have developed technologies, and
we are enhancing on that, and we have done a lot of good work on trying to
capture the CO2 and do what is called dry reforming, which means recycle it
back and make -- break it back into CO and hydrogen.

So these are the projects that we have. Some of these
projects are longer-term projects, Chris. They are not going to make us an EPS
in 2020 or 2021, but definitely, they are the future. I believe very strongly
that the future is about carbon capture and hydrogen for mobility and
gasification. The amount of opportunities that we see is significant. It's even
more than what I talked last quarter or even the quarter before. The whole
world is focused on this. We, by buying the Shell and GE technology, are in a totally
unique position to provide the gasification technology. We already do have the
hydrogen for mobility, and we are the world leader on that. And we are
developing the carbon capture. So all of these put together is going to
transform Air Products into a company that is solving the environmental -- the
urgent environmental issues of the world, and we will be properly rewarded for
that. And I think people will be excited about it when we get to '23, '24, '25,
when we will be doing a lot of these projects. But we need to start, and we are
starting right now. And as I said, I can't point to the fact that we are doing
this project, and it's going to give you this much EPS in 2021. But believe me,
these things will catch up in time. But it's the same way that we have started
with gasification 5 years ago, and now after 5 years, I have a Jazan project to
present to you. We are starting on these things, and in time, we will be able
to present very exciting projects for our investors. Thank you, Chris.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar
with Citigroup.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes. So quickly, given the industrial
slowdown, I was trying to figure out what are your real volume, same-store
sales, if you exclude the start volumes from the new project startups. So can
you talk about your organic volume growth in 3 regions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Our organic volume growth is nothing to
write home about because the economies in the world are not performing, P.J. I
mean we had in the United States of America -- everybody is excited and looks
at the stock market, and now it looks pretty good. But the real economy is
going nowhere. Industrial production is down. That is what drives our business.
Same thing in Europe. And then in China, year-over-year, they are growing at
6.5%, but year-over-year, they are not growing. So if you look at our base
business, there is no growth. That is why we have tried to transform the
company into generating our own growth. If we hadn't done that, we would not be
in a position today to sit down and give you a forecast for next year of 17%
EPS growth. We would have been flat, and our cost would have gone up and
probably would have been negative. That is the issue that most people have. The
fact -- so our underlying volumes definitely reflect the state of the economy,
which means relatively, it's going nowhere. No growth in the U.S., no growth in
Europe and China is flat, although there is 6.5% growth, but it is flat. So
you're absolutely right. Our base business is not going anywhere. And if we
were dependent on that, we would be in a sad shape right now.

P.J. JUVEKAR: And then on the Jazan JV, you decided to buy
the assets, which makes it capital-intensive, but maybe that's how -- what was
needed to make the deal happen. Should we think about this as the model for
future projects in China?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: P.J., by buying the air separation unit
as part of the whole thing, it will significantly enhance our return because
the return on the air separation unit by itself was less than including it as
part of the new acquisition. So we actually did something to enhance our
returns on that.

In terms of the model, yes, we definitely -- wherever we are
supplying oxygen to a gasifier, we are interested in buying the gasifiers. That
is our business model, and there are plenty of opportunities for doing that.
And in time, we will appropriately announce projects in that regard.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Sorry, I know about gasified. I just was
talking about the power plant and the other ancillary units.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. P.J., the power plant is something
unique in Jazan. We usually wouldn't want to be buying power plants. But in
Jazan, the only way that Saudi Aramco would agree to part with the asset was
that if they had 1 person to go to in case they struggled. They didn't want to
separate it, that we would buy the gasifiers and somebody else would buy the --
so that is why we combined forces, and we bought the whole thing. But that is
not a business model that we want to do around the world. We definitely want to
stay with the gasifiers. But there might be some unique situations where we
have to do that. But we do what is best for -- in terms of return and what's
best for the shareholders.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from David
Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just looking at 2020, how much will new
projects contribute to EPS growth next year versus this year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, David, we obviously don't give that
detail because then people figure out project productivity of all of our
projects. But considering what I was saying with respect to P.J.'s question that
the world is not going anywhere in terms of economic growth, then you can
almost think that any kind of a growth that we get next year is related to
pricing and new projects. It was a very base business. And then we have to work
hard in productivity to pay for the cost increases.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very helpful. And can you just go
through merchant pricing by region in the quarter, how much was up?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Merchant pricing. Merchant pricing
was up in the Americas by approximately 8%, in Europe by about 7% and in Asia
by about 7% for a total of about 7%.

OPERATOR: And our next question will come from John McNulty
with BMO Capital Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: With regard to the $6 billion to $7 billion that you still have to
spend in terms of capital deployment, I guess how should we be thinking about
how that's allocated towards some of the new Saudi opportunities with the MOU
that you're talking about versus some of the other opportunities around coal
gasification? And I guess maybe an update as to how the coal gasification
project pipeline is looking at this point, given kind of the time that -- since
we heard last on that.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The coal gasification project pipeline is
actually looking just scarily. There is more opportunities that we can't, quite
honestly, possibly keep up with it. But in terms of giving you a breakdown of
the $6 billion or $7 billion or $8 billion or $10 billion that we still have to
spend, John, it will be difficult because it depends on which projects come
first and all of that. But I definitely can see us -- significant additional
investments in Saudi, I hope significant investments in U.S. because we really
do want to invest in the U.S., and we are pursuing some opportunities there;
and obviously, opportunities in China; opportunities in Indonesia; and probably
significant opportunities in India because India has finally woken up to the
fact that, hey, we should do what the Chinese are doing, use the coal to gasify
then get ourselves independent of oil. So there is going to be -- it's
difficult for me to give you an exact breakdown, but it is going to be in areas
like Saudi Arabia, India, Indonesia, China and, hopefully, the U.S.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY: Got it. And then just maybe a little
bit of housekeeping. On the Americas business, how much of that -- of the
volume weakness was tied to kind of the one-offs around outages versus just
general macro weakness?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Not a lot of it. But it's the general
macro weakness, and obviously, Latin America.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Vincent Andrews
with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: If I could just follow-up on the South American volume that you
referenced in the press release. Was that actually worse than you anticipated?
And was some of it due to some of the civil unrest that's taking place in
certain regions down there?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the civil unrest has started after
we closed the fiscal year. So that has had -- unfortunately, that will have a
negative effect in the first quarter. But it's just the general slowdown,
Vincent. I mean things are not that exciting, that part of the world, as I'm
sure...

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. And then if I could -- yes.
No, I understand. And then just on depreciation and amortization for next year,
given, obviously, a big step-up in CapEx, what's the round number we should be
using for that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Or -- I mean we don't disclose that, but
it will be,...

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: I would say, Vincent, just in general,
that's going to continue to go up as we deploy the capital, recognizing it's
also going to move around for things like currency as we translate it back into
U.S. dollars. But just we don't give the guidance, but generally speaking, as
we deploy more capital, we'd expect the D&A to go up.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Stephen
Byrne with Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Another one of the Saudi projects that you list in your
press release -- in your slide deck is the hydrogen fuel cell vehicle program
in Saudi. And just wanted to ask you what you see is really limiting the
development of such a program there. You mentioned this pipeline that you're
starting to work on is having a hydrogen pipeline and enabling infrastructure
for such a development. And also just wanted to ask whether you had any IP
associated with such a program?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, we do have the IP. And I think that
that opportunity is going to be significant because that is one of the reasons
that we want to build the pipeline in such a way that you can do a lot of
gasses -- the equivalent of gas stations and connect them to the pipeline and
basically create a hydrogen corridor in that part of the world and get people
excited about driving hydrogen cars. The Saudi government is very supportive of
this. They want to see this happen. And you are right, there is going to be a lot
of opportunities. I don't want to get ahead of ourselves in terms of numbers
and so on, but we certainly are in the right path in developing this
opportunity in that part of the world and, quite honestly, in other parts of
the world.

STEVE BYRNE: And Seifi, you mentioned the challenges of
raising the $7 billion of debt associated with Jazan. I just wondered if any of
that is a fallout of the Saudi Aramco attacks from a couple of months ago. Is
that raising any additional hurdles for you?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. I'd just like to make sure that I
explain. We don't see any issues with raising the debt. I said it's an issue of
how much time it's going to take. It is one thing you go to the market and you
raise the debt, and you get the commitment of the banks. But then after that,
you have to come up with significant amount of documentation in order to get to
a closing, and that is going to take time. And obviously, we are not going to
get any fees until after we have actually legally closed. That's what I was mentioning.
But in terms of actually raising the money, I think that the demand is there,
and the banks are very optimistic that we will get very attractive interest
rates.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Duffy
Fischer with Barclays.

MICHAEL JAMES LEITHEAD, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: This is actually Mike Leithead on for Duffy this morning. I
guess, first, Seifi, if I look at Slide 13 on margin improvement, there was a
big jump-up the first 2 years when you got to Air Products, then things leveled
off for 2 years or so. And now it seems to have taken another material leg up
in the past year on margins. So I was hoping you could maybe lay out some of
the drivers of this recent move-up, whether it's cost reduction or the benefits
from energy pass-through and just if 40%-plus margin is the new normal for Air
Products going forward.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the first jump that you saw was,
obviously, all of the productivity and the $400 million, $500 million of costs
that we took out of the system. So that -- happened. And then, obviously, it
was constant because we are working on the growth projects. And now what is
happening is that all of these things we were talking about are actually coming
to [fruition] (corrected by the company after the call). We have a Lu'An
running. We are going to have a Jazan running. We have a lot of other projects
running. And those projects that we have now signed up are actually pretty
profitable projects. And that is now reflecting on the results. So we jumped up
because we had the productivity. We were focused on that. Then it took us a
while to get the growth opportunities lined up, and now we are seeing the
benefit of that. Now whether there are EBITDA margins for the long-term are -- at
around 38% or 39% or 40% or 41%, depends on the projects, but I think I feel
pretty good that they will stay in the high 30s. And rather than being 32% or
33%, they will be 38%, 39%, 40%.

MICHAEL JAMES LEITHEAD: Got it. That's really helpful. And
then following up on the Jazan project. I appreciate that you're not going to
provide detailed financial details. But when you look at the earnings
contribution internally that you would expect today versus maybe when you
announced the project back in last August, are the project economics or is the
IRR better today than they originally looked when you announced the JV or
roughly the same?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: They are better. And quite honestly, I
mean I say I'm not going to give you any detailed numbers because, obviously,
our customers don't want us to do that. But at the same time, we are giving you
the guidance that, look, we have always told you that for every dollar of cash
we get you -- that we put out, we get 10% operating profit. So it's not too
difficult to actually figure out. And we are saying this is better than that.
So you can get to a pretty good estimate about what this thing will do for us.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Don Carson
with Susquehanna.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: Why don't you talk -- can you maybe talk about
creating your own growth? Because obviously, there's not much going on in the
industrial economy these days. So last year, I think on-site and pipeline was
52% of sales. Where did it come out in '19? And by the time you make all these
additional capital commitments in new projects in -- by '23, where do you see
the mix of on-site business going versus where it is now?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, my goal is, in time, for that to
get to 70%, 75% of our sales. But right now, obviously, once Jazan comes on the
stream, it will be better than where we are in all of these other projects. So
our goal is to significantly increase our on-site business because that brings
a lot more stability in terms of our earnings.

SIMON R. MOORE: Yes. Don, if I could. I think, absolutely,
over the long run, as Seifi said, and in reality, we are increasing our on-site
business. Just remember, one nuance for '19 will be because we changed the
India contract, that will reduce that revenue. But that doesn't really change
the fundamental concept of our on-site businesses increasing.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: Okay. And just as a follow-up on
gasification. Obviously, Jazan is driven by IMO and the need to do something
else with the vacuum residuals. What's the pipeline for other similar
opportunities in the refining sector?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Significant. We have always said that
this -- I mean because every refinery in the world has to face this situation
because that is -- what do the refineries do? If there is a new refinery, they
obviously have to figure out what do they do with the bottom of the barrel. You
either now have to gasify, and then some people said that we will coke it.
Granted that most of the refineries have a coker. But the coker produces 6.5%
sulphur coke, which right now is being banned in India. China is turning the
ships away because they say this is not a product. This is a waste. So every
single refinery in the world in time has to figure out what they are going to
do with the 6.5% petcoke. And the only viable solution for that is to gasify.
That is why we were so excited about making sure we buy the GE technology
because that is very much about that. I don't think that 5 years from now, any
refinery will be able to sell their petcoke. They just won't be able to do
that. And therefore, they have to gasify. So I think the opportunity is
significant. And we are, quite honestly, seeing that.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Kevin
McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: On Slide 32, you're essentially doubling your capital expenditure budget
for 2020. And so I was wondering if you could disaggregate some of the major
buckets in terms of Jazan, how much you have earmarked for that in the year
relative to other growth projects and maintenance that you anticipate?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that our maintenance
CapEx we -- Scott already disclosed that, it's about $400 million. And then,
with the Jazan, I don't want to disclose the details of what we expect but the
total cash outlay is $2.5 billion and probably a significant part of it will
happen in 2020 depending on when we actually close the transaction. And then
the rest of it is our growth CapEx which is pretty robust. Our fundamental --
if you exclude Jazan, our expenditure on other projects is actually pretty good
and we are very optimistic about that. Just around -- more than -- yes, it's
around $2.5 billion.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: And sticking with the subject of
capital deployment, Seifi, I think you indicated that the project pipeline
looks quite robust. What are you seeing these days in the M&A pipeline? Is
there anything of interest that could be brewing on that front?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, M&A pipeline in terms of us
actually buying another industrial gas company around the world, I don't see a
lot of that. But Jazan, $12 billion is really an M&A, I mean, we are buying
these existing assets so it depends how you want to categorize that. But in
terms of buying other industrial gas companies I don't see much of an
opportunity, mainly because of antitrust.

[p: id="-1" name="Operator" /)

And our next question will be from Jim Sheehan with
Suntrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: What's the rationale for the Qudra JV. Why
not just own this business outright?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It's because that we've -- okay. We plan
to do a lot more with [Air Products] (corrected by the company after the call)
Qudra with so-called what we call APQ than just the Jazan project. Qudra Energy
is part of ACWA Power and the people who own that. We have had a very
successful venture with them. The people are very competent and we plan to do a
lot -- the reason that we have formed that entity is to do a lot more than just
Jazan. They are going to be involved with what I've talked about in terms of
the hydrogen pipeline that we are going to build and other projects in Saudi
Arabia and quite honestly other projects in the Middle East. So the rationale
for that is a lot bigger than just for Jazan. Therefore, since we have that
kind of a relationship with them, we wanted them to be part -- a little bit part
of the Jazan project, getting results.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: And regarding your comments on carbon
capture, you demonstrated the ability to capture CO2 in your steam methane
reformers in Texas several years ago. It was a $400 million pilot project. And
I think a majority of the project costs were covered by Department of Energy
Grant. Are you expecting the federal government to give you more grant money?
Or are you planning to fund it yourself?

And also, if you could discuss how much are refinery customers
willing to pay for your ability to capture CO2.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, on that front, these things are
happening -- the way they are happening is, obviously, as you know, there is a
federal program that for any -- every ton of CO2 that you capture, you can get
up to $45. 45Q rule or something like that. But then take a look at what
California is doing, which I think is going to be the trend worldwide. And that
is that right now, in California, if you capture a ton of CO2, and you can
sequestrate and demonstrate that it wouldn't leak for 100 years, you get $200 a
ton bonus. So we think that the trend will be that the different states will do
the same thing. And we are seeing that the same kind of thing is happening in
terms of incentives by other governments. We are, right now, involved in a
project for sequestering CO2 in Europe, actually, in the Port of Rotterdam,
building a pipeline in order to put the CO2 there and sequester it. So all of
these things are going to be driven, we think, by pretty substantial incentives
from the different governments in order to encourage carbon capture, which is
obviously a big issue global.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH
ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, you
mentioned India waking up to their coal opportunity. How far away are we from
having something parallel to your China projects? Is it 2 or 3 or 5 years away
from having something big in India?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think that the India -- with these
projects when the government decides, "Okay, we are going to do this
thing," obviously, you have to identify opportunities, put the project
together, do a study -- feasibility study and so on. So I think it's -- from
today, it's a 5 or 6 years process before you get to equivalent of a Lu'An or
equivalent of a Jazan and so on. So that's kind of the time frame that I see.
But quite honestly, same thing. We started some things 5 years ago. We see the
benefit of it. If you start something now, we see the benefit of it in time.
But it will be about, I think, a 5-year process before you actually have
gasification units operating in India.

The same thing that happened, John, within China. China decided
to go with gasification in around 2005, 2006, and the units didn't start coming
on stream until about 2011, 2012. Okay?

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Bob Koort
with Goldman Sachs.

UNIDENTIFIED ANALYST: This is Don Kim for Bob. I had to jump
on another call that just started. Now that you own the GE and Shell
technology, is there an opportunity, I guess, to go into, I guess, the dozens
of operating gasifiers within China, essentially using that technology and try
to decaptivate those assets?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That's exactly what we are trying to do.
That is an opportunity. I don't know in how many of them we will succeed, but
that is exactly what we are trying to do.

UNIDENTIFIED ANALYST: [Don Kim] Got it. And then I guess,
since maybe the technology has evolved, do you see an opportunity, I guess, to,
I guess, operate those more efficiently?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jonas
Oxgaard with Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Looking at hydrogen. So you talked a little bit
about outages to your customers. I was wondering if you could give us a range
for how much that depressed the results? And then on the flip side, as far as we
can tell, every refinery we've heard has said that they are prepping for IMO,
and so there's going to be no outages next year. Is that a material uplift for
your volumes next year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, if that materializes, obviously, it
will be. But these refineries are on a cycle that they have to do the shutdown,
and to some of them, you take shutdown every 4 years and all that. This is
something which is very difficult to predict in terms of how it works out.
Obviously, in our plan, we have allowed for some shutdowns. If they don't
happen, that will be an upside. But I fully expect them to happen. And the
shutdowns are pretty big deals, and the refineries have to do that. Otherwise,
they take a risk in the operation, which they would have unplanned shutdown,
which is not good for anybody.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. And it looks -- in a different way
-- it looks like you pushed the Yankuang project out about a year. Is that
right? And if so, why?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It is the same thing that we have said
before. The -- there is a lot of issues about the so-called coal allocation in
terms of allocating coal to this project, which we would like to see it done.
And as a result, we want to be upfront with the investors about the fact that
we announced a Memorandum of Understanding about something that we thought was
going to happen because it was signed with a lot of fanfare in front of 2
Presidents and all that. But there is internal struggle about getting coal
allocated to this project. So we pushed it a year, but we are going to give you
an update every quarter about this thing. But obviously, it's -- we are not too
excited about the development, as I'm sure you are not. Some are -- I wanted to
make you calm.

SIMON R. MOORE: Maybe just to clear up -- yes. And obviously,
Seifi's comments are really referring to the overall project that Yankuang is
doing. This isn't an issue where the customer is proceeding and we have some
problem in our project. That's not the situation.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Mike
Harrison with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Wanted to ask about the
global gases and the corporate segments. Curious what drove the results there
to be so much better in Q4 than they were in the other quarters of fiscal '19.
And could you possibly give us some guidance for what we should expect in
fiscal '20 versus fiscal '19.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, on that front, the main drivers --
I think Simon is the expert on the corporate sector. But I'll take a shot at
this thing. Simon, why don't you comment?

SIMON R. MOORE: Sure. It's a great question, Mike. So I
mean, obviously, as we said for a few quarters now, we're excited about the LNG
business. And we've announced one order, and we believe that we're in good
positioning for others. So that's been a key factor. But I would also say that
certainly, in the corporate sector, there were a couple of kind of onetime
items. So that's a profit recognition on a sale of equipment is lumpy. So it
might be a little bit lumpy going forward, but certainly, over the next couple
of years, we expect a nice improvement from the LNG business.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And then other question
I had was on the acquisitions, the CO2 acquisition in Europe and the Jinmei
asset buyback. Can you break out what the contribution to revenue was either on
a full company basis or in the Europe gases and Asia gases region?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, we don't -- it's small because they
have just started. So we don't give that kind of detail, but it was not
significant. It will be better next year, but it was not significant for the
quarter.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Laurence
Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 very quick ones. First, on the Q45.
It's your impression that if the IRS does make a clear ruling on
implementation, we should expect Air Products to be able to do a flurry of
announcements in the near term? Or will there be a multi-year lag for projects
to be developed?

And secondly, given the way you are describing the
longer-term opportunity set, so the IMO-related opportunity, the gasification,
the coal gasification and the carbon sequestration, if negative rates continue,
how long? Or is there a point at which merchant gas becomes noncore for Air
Products?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Let me answer the second question.
Merchant gas will never become noncore. That is an integral part of our
business. And no matter how many opportunities there are, we are still focused
on that, and that business is growing in China and all of that. So the Merchant
business, LOX, LIN, LAR, hydrogen, I mean, helium, liquid hydrogen and all that
will always be a core part of Air Products. So that -- but on the first -- on
your first part of the question, I'd like to turn it over to Scott to answer.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: How about -- just want to clarify,
Laurence. Was your question regarding CO2 and the tax situation and the...

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: Correct. The IRS ruling on Q45 has been
delayed. The question is, if they do clarify what the rule is, should we expect
statutory announcements near term or is it going to take several years to line
up agreements?

SIMON R. MOORE: I guess maybe I'm going to say, Laurence, I
think one thing that Seifi talked about was he talked about a number of local,
state or provincial programs in various places around the world that also are
very supportive of CO2 capture projects. So I think the reality is there's a
lot of different situations that we'll have to see play out. But as Seifi said,
we're very excited about this.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It's very difficult to predict what will
happen without the legislatures and so on. But there are a lot of programs
[already] (corrected by the company after the call) in place, and I think that,
that will continue to be the case as we move forward.

Okay. I think that was the last question. And with that, I
would like to thank everyone for being on our call. Thanks for taking time from
your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We obviously appreciate your
interest in Air Products, and we look forward to discussing our results with
you again next quarter. Have a very nice day. Happy Thanksgiving, and Merry
Christmas, and we'll talk to you in January, and some of you may be even
sooner. All the best. Thank you.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank
you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 110719a12759557.757










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES
(90%); EBITDA (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); ESTATE, GIFT
& TRUST LAW (88%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS
(77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (72%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (69%); LAWYERS (66%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710 (TSE) (84%); DEUT
(JSE) (84%); DBK (FRA) (84%); DBK (BIT) (84%); DBETN (JSE) (84%); DB (NYSE)
(84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); STI (NYSE) (71%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL
BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999
MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL
BANKS (84%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS (71%); NAICS523991 TRUST,
FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (70%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (70%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES
& AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%); COMMERCIAL BANKING
(95%); EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES &
OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (90%);
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL
GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES
(90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); MANUFACTURING (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (76%); CREDIT CARDS (74%); LAWYERS (66%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (58%)










 November 10, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
25, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 6609 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is being
recorded, at the request of Air Products. Please note that this presentation
and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air
Products and all rights are reserved. Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon
Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Eduardo. Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to Air Products Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Teleconference.
This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be
joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure
that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide #2.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
We certainly do appreciate your interest in Air Products, and we thank you for
taking time from your busy schedule to join us on this call. At Air Products,
we have a great team of talented, committed and motivated people who have
stayed focused on serving our customers and creating value for our shareholders
every single day. This team delivered yet another quarter of very strong
results. I want to thank all of our 16,000 employees for their hard work and
dedication.

Our quarterly adjusted earnings per share is a record $2.17
per share, 11% higher than the last year and 14% higher at constant exchange
rates. This is the 21st, I'd like to repeat, the 21st consecutive quarter that
we have reported higher results compared to the previous year.

We continue to maintain our position as the safest and most
profitable industrial gas company in the world. Our EBITDA margin this quarter
was a record 40%, which is 1,500 basis points higher than 5 years ago. We
remain in an extremely strong financial and technology position with a business
that generates significant cash flow.

Each quarter, my confidence increases in our ability to
deploy this capital into high-return industrial gas projects that will generate
significant value for our shareholders while also continuing to return cash to
our shareholders through our dividends.

Now please turn to Slide #3. In terms of safety, our goal
has always been 0 accidents and 0 incidents. We are pleased that we have
improved our lost time injury rate by 72% and our recordable injury rate by 31%
since 2014. But none of us can be satisfied until and unless we reach 0
accidents. Even 1 accident is too many.

Now please turn to Slide #4 that states our long-term goal.
Five years ago, we set the goal to be the safest and most profitable industrial
gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. We are
very proud of achieving this goal and are committed to maintaining our
leadership position in the years to come.

Our goal has also been extended to include being the most
diverse. That means we are an inclusive company that depends on the
contribution of all people.

Now turn to Slide #5, which is my management philosophy that
has guided me throughout my business career, that is focused on cash generation
and responsible capital allocation.

Now please turn to Slide #6, which is our Five-Point Plan
for moving forward. We have shared this with you many times before. In summary,
we are focused on cost and productivity to maintain our industry-leading
margins. We are poised for growth by expanding on our core competencies and
financial strength, and we are very focused on promoting a higher purpose for
the company in addition to creating value for the shareholders.

We are committed to create a company where all people -- all
of the people feel they belong. A company where people's contribution are
recognized and rewarded. A company that is committed to sustainability and the
environment. A company that is supportive of the communities in which we
operate. A company that people want to work for, where they are proud to be
part of the innovative process to solve the world's energy and environmental
challenges. That is our higher purpose, and we are committed to that.

Now please turn to Slide #7, which shows the key milestones
in our gasification strategy. Let's take the opportunity to provide an update
on a few of these exciting projects. As expected, the Lu'An project continues
to run very well and contribute to our results. The Jazan air separation units
were built on budget and on time with excellent safety performance.

We continue to work toward financial closing of the Jazan
gasifier and power project by the end of this calendar year. We are continuing
our discussion with the YK Group for the very large quote to syngas project,
and the Juitai project is going well with expected onstream in 2022.

Building on this momentum, we just announced the completion
of an asset buyback arrangement with Jinmei, a leading coal chemical company in
China. We purchased 2 ASUs previously owned by Jinmei and entered into a
long-term contract to supply oxygen and nitrogen for the customer's
coal-to-clean fuel project in Shanxi Province. This project is another great
example of the customers' increased confidence in outsourcing their industrial
gases.

In addition to these announced projects, we continue to work
on a number of existing gasification opportunities around the world.

Now please go to Slide #8, where you can see the results of
our key profitability metrics. We remain committed to our goal of continuing to
be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each
of these metrics.

And now, please go to Slide #9, which is always my favorite
slide and even more so this quarter. You can see our record quarterly EBITDA
margin of 40.1%, up 1,500 basis points from 5 years ago. This is a tremendous
achievement by the people of Air Products and all of us are very proud of it.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 10
for a summary of our third quarter results. As Seifi said, our business
continues to perform very well. Price was up 4% with strong performance across
the regions and products, continuing the positive trend we saw last quarter.

Volume added another 2% primarily driven by new plants,
including Lu'An. Sales of $2.2 billion were down 2% as the positive volume and
price were more than offset by 4% negative currency and a 3% impact from a
contract modification.

As I mentioned on past calls, this India contract
modification reduces sales but has no impact on our profits. Our underlying
volume was positive but was partially offset by lower sales from the Jazan
sales equipment project as that project nears completion and from a prior year
contract termination for an old flue gas desulfurization plant. Excluding
Jazan, volumes grew 4% due to new plants, base business growth and
acquisitions. We continue to see strong pricing in all 3 regions and across our
merchant product lines.

Our team has worked very hard to realize the value we
provide to our customers. And I want to thank the team for a job well done.
Although unfavorable currency persisted, both EBITDA and adjusted earnings per
share reached new highs. EBITDA of $892 million improved 9% and adjusted
earnings per share of $2.17 was 11% higher. EBITDA margin of over 40% is
another record high, up almost 400 basis points compared to prior year,
primarily from the higher price and the India contract modification.

ROCE of 12.7% improved 50 basis points versus last year
primarily due to higher profits. Sequentially, EBITDA increased 8% as all 3
regions improved, particularly Asia following Lunar New Year in Q2.

Please turn to Slide 11. Our third quarter GAAP EPS was
$2.20 and includes 3 onetime items, which totaled a positive $0.03 per share
impact. You can find more details in our press release and appendix slides.

Our third quarter adjusted EPS of $2.17 was up 11% or $0.22
per share. Volume, price and cost together contributed $0.24, repeating the
strong operating performance from last quarter. As a reminder, the impact of price
increases is shown net of the impact of variable costs, primarily variable
production costs, such as power and distribution costs in our merchant
business.

The other cost line refers to fixed cost, such as personnel
and plant maintenance costs. It increased slightly this quarter versus prior
year, but is less of a headwind than in recent quarters. Currency and foreign
exchange was $0.05 unfavorable primarily due to the Chinese RMB and the euro.
Excluding the unfavorable currency, EPS increased $0.27 or 14% over last year.
Nonoperating items, including tax rate and nonoperating income combined added
$0.03. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 18.6%. For the full fiscal
year 2019, we expect an effective tax rate of between 19% and 20%.

Now please turn to Slide 12. We continue to generate strong
cash flow. During the last 12 months, we generated about $11.50 per share or
over $2.5 billion of distributable cash flow. From this distributable cash
flow, we paid almost $1 billion or about 40% as dividends to our shareholders
and still have nearly $1.6 billion available for high-return investments in our
core industrial gas business. This strong cash flow enables us to create
shareholder value through increasing dividends and capital deployment.

Slide #13 provides an update on our capital deployment
progress. As you can see, we now show almost $17 billion of investment capacity
available over the 5-year period from FY '18 through FY '22. As expected, the
total capacity continues to grow as we increase EBITDA. The almost $17 billion
includes about $9 billion of additional debt capacity available today, over $5
billion of investable cash flow between now and the end of FY '22 and almost $3
billion already spent.

We will continue to focus on managing our debt balance to
maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. Today, we have a total of about $7.7
billion of project and M&A commitments with about $6.7 billion remaining to
spend on them.

So you can see, we have already spent 15% and already
committed well over half of our total available capacity. Now to begin the
review of our business segment results, I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to our Asia
results on Slide #14, where you can see that our business has recovered
strongly following the Lunar New Year holiday and our great team in Asia
delivered yet another strong set of results.

We remain very positive, and I'd like to stress very
positive about our long-term growth potential as we continue to invest in this
region. While there has been some modest reduction in the reported growth rate
of Chinese economy, we have not seen, as I said, we have not seen any
significant impact on our business. And most importantly, we have not seen any
change in behavior towards Air Products from our customers or the government of
China.

We continue to be very optimistic about our operations in
China. For the quarter, sales were up 9% from last year with volume and price
together up 15%. Volumes increased 10% primarily driven by new projects, mostly
Lu'An. As a reminder, Lu'An has started up late in quarter 3 of last year and
continues to perform very well.

Overall, pricing for the region was up 5% versus last year,
the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year price improvement. Price was
positive across all major product lines and key countries. A strong volume and
price combined with productivity drove higher profits and margin. EBITDA
increased 24% and EBITDA margin expanded nearly 600 basis points to more than
49%, which is another record level.

Sequentially, volume and EBITDA improved 8% and 12%,
respectively, benefiting from a strong recovery from the Lunar New Year
holidays and new plant startups. In addition to the asset buyback I mentioned
earlier, we have recently announced 2 contract awards in Korea: one, from MEMC
to provide Industrial Gases for its new 300-millimeter wafer fab; and the other
from POSCO Chemical to supply oxygen and nitrogen for its new cathode material
manufacturing complex. Great examples of our team earning the confidence of the
important customers.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to
discuss our Americas result. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
15 for a review of Americas results. Americas pricing success continued. The 4%
improvement represents our best performance in at least 4 years. Overall, sales
were up 1% as higher price was partially offset by 1% lower energy pass-through
and 2% unfavorable currency impact.

Underlying volumes grew 1%, but were offset by the prior
year contract termination I mentioned previously. Record EBITDA of $410 million
increased 7% and EBITDA margin of 43% was up 270 basis points, primarily driven
by higher pricing. Sequentially, EBITDA margin improved 270 basis points or 100
basis points, excluding the impact of lower energy pass-through.

Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Simon to discuss
our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 16
for a review of our EMEA results. We continue to show positive operational
results despite limited economic growth. Price increased 4% with improvement
across all major products and subregions. The EMEA team has now delivered 6
consecutive quarters of year-on-year price improvement.

Volume was up 2% primarily driven by the acquisition of a
CO2 producer while base business volume remains stable as positive retail
volumes were offset by lower wholesale volumes.

Sales were negatively impacted by 2% lower energy
pass-through, 5% unfavorable currency and an 11% sales reduction due to the
India contract change that Scott mentioned. Reported EBITDA of $190 million was
up 2% and was up 7% on a constant currency basis.

Reported EBITDA margin improved 520 basis points to reach a
new high of over 38%. Excluding the India contract change, EBITDA margin was up
about 100 basis points. Sequentially, volumes were higher on better merchant
volume, including the acquisition.

And although we continue to see Brexit as a potential risk
to our future results, at this point, we have not seen any significant negative
impacts.

Now please turn to Slide 17, Global Gases, which includes
our air separation unit, sale of equipment business as well as central
industrial gas business costs. Sales and EBITDA declined due to lower project
activity as we approach the successful conclusion of our Jazan ASU sales
equipment project.

Please turn to Slide 18, Corporate segment, which includes
LNG and our other businesses as well as our Corporate costs. Although modest,
it is great to finally see improvement in this segment with the best sales and
profits in almost 3 years.

The Golden Pass LNG project in the U.S. Gulf Coast began to
contribute this quarter, and we are optimistic about additional LNG orders. It
is important to note that our LNG technology has been selected for several
North America and international projects that are awaiting final investment
decisions by our customers.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. Please turn to Slide
#19. As I said on our last call, 5 years ago I promised we would grow the
company's earnings per share by at least 10% annually. As you can see, we have
done better than that over the last 4 years and expect to exceed 10% again this
year, thanks to the great team at Air Products, we have delivered on our
commitments.

Our goal continues to be achieving a cumulative average
growth rate of at least 10% in the coming years. As you all know, we continue
to live in an uncertain world that we at Air Products cannot control, but we
definitely do have control over the actions Air Products can take to succeed in
a dynamic world.

We have a strong, capable and flexible organization that
remains focused on productivity and creating our own growth opportunities,
which will allow us to continue to deliver on our promise to investors to
increase earning per share by 10% per year as we move forward.

Now please turn to Slide #20. Our updated EPS guidance for
fiscal year 2019 is in the range of $8.20 to $8.25. Despite currency headwinds,
this guidance represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018
performance.

For quarter 4 of fiscal year 2019, our earning per share
guidance is $2.26 to $2.31, up 13% to 16% over last year. Our team around the
world continues to be very optimistic about the future of Air Products. Our
Five-Point strategic plan will differentiate us and drive our success going
forward.

Our safety, productivity and operating performance continue
to provide the foundation of our continued growth. We have the financial
capacity, the technical position and the talent to take full advantage of our
existing opportunities. And finally, please turn to Slide #21. As always, our
real competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team
we have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our
superior safety and operational performance.

I want to again thank all of our 16,000 people around the
world for their commitment and hard work and for embracing the opportunities in
front of us with energy and a spirit of working together. I certainly am proud
to be part of this winning team. Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll now take the next
question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes. Seifi, good pricing in the quarter.
I think this was by far one of your best pricing quarters ever. Your onsite
pricing is kind of set contractually so I assume that merchant prices are up a
lot more than what you reported here. Can you talk about what's going on there?
Is it driven by utilization? And what are you seeing from competitors? Are you
seeing more disciplined behavior from competitors?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: PJ, you are very right when we report our
results, we report over the whole sector, including the onsite business.
Obviously, the onsite business, that prices are not going up and that's half of
our business. So when we report 4% price increase, it really is about 8% or 9%.

What is driving the pricing is our decision to increase
prices because it's about almost 8 years that we haven't really increased
prices. Our costs are going up. I made a very, very public statement in
February of this year that we at Air Products have decided to increase our
prices to recover our costs, and we are willing to lose volume if people want
to buy from somebody else. And obviously that's a free choice they have. We
consciously have decided that we need to maintain our margins, and we are
increasing the prices. I certainly cannot and will not comment on the behavior
of the other people. I mean that's up to them to comment when you ask them the
question. But we certainly have made a conscious decision despite utilization
rate or anything like that, that we need higher prices to maintain our margins.
We can't let our margins go down.

P.J. JUVEKAR: And then just quickly, this U.S.-China trade
war going -- and I know you are not directly impacted -- but your customers
are. And so can you talk about what end markets where you are seeing that
impact of the trade war and which markets are strong for you?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, P.J., quite frankly, we do not see
that. Now maybe it is because in China, for example, more than 60% of our
business is onsite business. And, therefore, as a result, we have a lot of
protection there. But overall, I mean I know the headline says that China is
slowing. But then the next line it says China grew 6.32%. I mean if that was
the case in the U.S., we would all be doing cartwheels. So the Chinese economy
is growing, and we are seeing the benefit of that.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll now take our next
question from John Roberts from UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Do you
think that Yima oxygen explosion in China will affect product activity at all
in China?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, I don't think so because I think once
people investigate, they find out what the cause is and it's -- and I don't
want to speculate. But I don't think that is an indication of any fundamental
issue with respect to processes and so on. From what we understand, the
explosion was at the ASU, not at the gasification unit. No, I don't expect any
impact, not at all, John.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Then how much was volume up in the
U.S. because I assume it was probably down in Latin America at least a little,
and I don't really know what Mexico did. Actually that's equity income, so that
probably doesn't show up in your numbers.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Our volumes in Americas was up about 4%
in total. Yes, am I quoting the right number, Scott?

SIMON R. MOORE: So I think what we said on the call was our
underlying volumes were up 1% in the Americas offset by the prior year contract
termination.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: No. I was asking U.S. versus Latin
America or North versus South.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We don't usually break that down. But the
U.S. is not -- the economy in the U.S. is not growing that much. It's flat.

OPERATOR: We'll now take our next question from Bob Koort
from Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Seifi, I wanted to explore your Jinmei project, is that just the
fruition of something -- I think you guys have worked a couple of weeks ago on
buying back those ASU and supplying the gasifiers? Is that the same project now
it's just getting formalized and completed?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That is correct. That, that you are
absolutely right. We have been working on this project for a while and it
finally came to fruition, and we are announcing it.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: So is -- I noticed you say you're going
to supply by pipeline, and I think there's, I guess, a conventional view that
these coal projects must be out in the middle of nowhere, so if you're
supplying by pipeline, does that mean your utilizing other assets in the area
to supply?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, John. Our pipeline is next to our
plant. It just that it is delivered within a pipe. That means we are not
delivering liquid but it from our facility.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: Jinmei is massive. Does this portend
future opportunities there? Could you do as you've done with Jazan and others
and eventually convert this into some potential gasification opportunity as
well from an investment standpoint?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, obviously, that would be our
ambition, yes.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: And if I might, the last one. In Jazan,
have you guys finalized your ownership structure there? The percentages?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: In Jazan, I think we have said that we
will end up owning about 51%. But we are finalizing the contract. The numbers
might change 1% up and down but nothing massive, no. We will end up owning the
majority there.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Stefan Byrne
from Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, you certainly affected a significant culture
change at Air Products and just wanted to get your view on where you are at
right now with respect to that process. Is there more to go on a structural
change? Or is it primarily at this point, that you've incentivized employees to
come forward with new opportunities for improvement?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, thank you for your question.
Obviously, I'm very proud of what we have achieved but at the same time, with
the culture change, you are never done. You can always, always, always do
better. But I am very, very satisfied with the progress we have made, our
results show that. And in terms of the future, I think our people are very
excited about the growth opportunities that we have. And as a result, we are a
lot more productive. People are excited about coming to work. People are
excited about working on very exciting new projects, and we are hiring people.
And so that always creates a positive mood within the company. We always work
on productivity and -- but we are hiring people for our new projects from all
of that. So I feel very good about the organization. They are a great team of
people but at the same time, we can always do better.

STEVE BYRNE: And on gasification, you mentioned, Seifi that
you're still working on numerous opportunities. Just curious as to whether or
not you're seeing the bidding activity increase or get more competitive,
particularly since your margins in Asia have really escalated with Lu'An?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are seeing very good opportunities. We
are working on new projects. And in terms of the bidding activity, quite
honestly, we are not in a good position to answer because our customers don't
necessarily tell us whom we are competing with and have many other bidders and
all of that. But overall, you know who our competitors are. There are really 3
people who are -- who can participate on these big projects. There are not 20.
So out of the 3 of us, we are all focused on different parts of the world and
-- whether all the other 2 are in every project that we are in, I don't know.
But when we approach a customer, we try to do the best we can for them and for
Air Products. And fortunately, we have been -- we are fortunate, we see a lot
of opportunities and I expect us to get additional orders as we move forward.

OPERATOR: We'll now take our next question from Duffy
Fischer from Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR & SENIOR CHEMICAL
ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, if we can go to your
favorite Slide 9, you were in that band of 34% to 36% for basically '16, '17
and '18. Now in the last 2 quarters, you've kind of broken out of that band to
a much higher range. Is the last 2 quarters indicative of where you think the
new range will be over the next several years? Or are the last 2 quarters more
of an anomaly and will trend back towards that 34% to 36% over time?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Duffy, you always ask me difficult
questions but that's fair. We had been guiding you that the margins are going
to be around 33% to 35%. Right now, we have delivered around 40%, 37%, 40%. So
right now, if I was going to make a prediction for the future, we are going to
be in a higher band. We are going to be somewhere between 38% to 40%. That is
correct, Duffy.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Great. And as long as we're
predicting the future, could you give us an early peek what 2020 looks like for
you guys and maybe not business conditions because they can change. But when
you look at the projects that you've got feathered in for 2020, is that
supportive of the 10% plus growth rate you're trying to get on EPS?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I said in the call twice that our goal is
to improve our profitability by 10% so I think that kind of answers your
question, right? That is what you get.

OPERATOR: We'll now take the next question from Jeff Zekauskas
from JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: What was your Asian volume growth ex Lu'An?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jeff, excluding Lu'An, it was about maybe
4%.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: About 4%, okay. And prices in the
United States are -- prices in North America and Europe have been very good
year-over-year, but pricing in Europe and in the Americas was flat
sequentially. And capacity utilization rates in North America and Europe have
flattened out and come off. So generally speaking, has pricing in Industrial
Gases as the base case plateaued at the current levels that we're at?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I wouldn't want to say that. I expect
continued price improvement in the next -- at least in the next 2 quarters. And
then after that, we'll see how it works out. But I think the momentum that we
have will still continue in the next few quarters, Jeff.

OPERATOR: We'll now take our next question from Don Carson
from Susquehanna Financial.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, you've been delivering strong earnings
growth despite the drag from LNG. So can you remind us what has that drag on
earnings has been in the last few years? And as your Project backlog starts to
improve, what's your contribution could you see the sale balance sheet
equipment making over the next few years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Don, that's an excellent question. We, in
2015, our LNG business delivered us about $0.50 earning per share, about $150
million of EBITDA. Last year and this year, it almost contributed nothing. So
the drag has been about $0.50. So I'm hoping that in time, we will recover that
and hopefully even improve on that.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: Okay. And then a follow-up on your EPS
contribution, you have 4% volume growth if you exclude Jazan, but you show that
as a four percent drag on EPS year-over-year. So I'm trying to reconcile why
volume improvement would be an EPS drag.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think Scott in a best position to
answer this. Scott, please.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Don, thanks for the question. I
think I mentioned this in my prepared remarks. So importantly, when we look at
the underlying volumes up modestly and the contribution from those volumes were
good. There were a couple things in there that I would refer to as kind of a
negative mix impact, which is the timing for the Jazan project, which as you
recall is the sale of equipment so the timing on revenues versus profit
year-on-year is throwing that off a little bit as well as the prior year
contract termination that I mentioned in Americas. So that's why you see the
difference between the EPS contribution versus the sales. But again
importantly, when you peel those kind of one-off things out, the underlying
volumes were up and the contribution from those volumes were positive.

OPERATOR: Take our next question from David Begleiter from
Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just on Jazan, as we get closer to 2020, can you
talk about the cadence for the earnings ramp from that JV into 2020 and 2021
earnings, either pretax basis or an EPS basis?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, David, first of all, we are working
on that thing, and we are hoping that everything we worked hard and we do the
financing and signing. So I just want to say that it is not a done deal yet,
but if it is done, what we have said publicly, is that considering what we are
investing, we will see a contribution about more than $0.75 from that project
when it comes onstream. Now once we actually get the contract signed, put all
of the numbers together and all of that, and we make the final announcement
that this has been done hopefully before the end of this calendar year, then we
will give you a better guidance in terms of the impact on 2020 and 2021 and
moving forward.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very good. And just on merchant pricing,
Seifi, what was the merchant price gained by region that you realized in the
quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'd like to read the numbers. Merchant
pricing was 9%, 6%, 14% and 9% total.

SIMON R. MOORE: And that was Americas, Europe and Asia in
that order.

OPERATOR: We'll now take our next question from Christopher
Parkinson from Crédit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So when you're looking at the set up
overall for fiscal year '20, there are obviously a few base moving parts,
business growth, which obviously can go with the macro. Your projects in Saudi
Arabia very [transient] small or backlog projects and the initial ramp up of
some LNG wins. I understand if you can't quantify these buckets but can you
just comment on your confidence in terms of the line of sight that you see into
these and just your general level of your enthusiasm pertaining to each?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, I can say that I'm very optimistic
that we will deliver a 10% improvement over 2019. Now if the number is going to
be any better, we will talk to you about that in October. But right now,
sitting here looking at what is happening in the world, we think that we should
be able to improve our EPS next year by 10% versus this year. And the way we
look at it is that our job, I get paid $15 million a year to come and deliver
results rather than come and explain why I didn't deliver the results. We are
committed to improve our EPS 10% a year in the years to come. We have done
that, we'll define different levers to pull in order to make that happen
whether it is cost reduction, price increases, new projects in all of that, so
that is our commitment to the investor that has been our commitment to the
investor since 5 years ago, and we hope to continue to deliver that, Chris.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Fair enough. In new materials,
you've been consistently referencing an additional $6.7 billion remaining
capital to deploy, and you've made it very clear that you only explore projects
in excess of 10% returns. When you just look at the remaining backlog
opportunities, which it's my understanding there's still ample, can you just
comment on the returns mostly close to that 10% level or is fair to say that
there's still plenty in there that will be more similar to the implied return
of Lu'An?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, it's very difficult to predict that,
but we have said that we would be very hesitant to take any project that's less
than 10% return. So hopefully all of these projects will be 10% or higher.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Jonas Oxgaard
from Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: You talked -- well, you talk quite some time
about expanding your onsite as a percentage of your total. But considering the
success of your merchant business now are you revisiting that strategy at all?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No because we are -- you see, our
merchant business, we are going to grow it as fast as we can. We are not
downsizing that. But we think that our onsite will grow faster than that. So
our ratio will change not because we are slowing down on the merchant business
but because we think onsite business has a potential of growing faster than the
merchant.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. Don't see an opportunity to double
down on the merchant either?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the merchant business, we are going
to double down based on economic growth. I mean if -- in China, it's growing
6%, you can build new merchant plants. But if you have a situation in Europe or
the U.S. where the market is not growing, then obviously we are going to add capacity.
But we are committed to our merchant business. We will grow it as fast as we
can grow it, which is basically GDP. Nobody can grow their merchant business
faster than GDP. I don't care what they say. Because if they say, oh, we are
going to grow faster than the other guy, that means they're going to take
market share away from the other guy and that doesn't happen. Nobody can take
away market share from us, and vice versa. So the merchant business is going to
grow with the GDP of each region and as it grows dividend less than that, we
are committed to that, we have the know-how, we have the people. But my point
is that, that growth is in emerging markets. It is not in the U.S. and it is
not in Europe. Okay?

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll now take our next
question for

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We have time for one more question,
please. Well it doesn't seem like there's any other questions. So with that, I
would like to thank everybody for being on our call. Thanks for taking time
from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your
interest and good questions and look forward to discussing another set of good
results with you again next quarter. Have a nice summer holiday and all the
best. Take care.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072519a12603309.709










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH
(90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (89%); ESTATE, GIFT & TRUST LAW (88%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); SHAREHOLDERS (78%); CUSTOMER RELATIONS (72%);
LAWYERS (50%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (70%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%);
DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV)
(83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%); SIC2813
INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523920
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523110
INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE
(91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%);
SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC
(91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (83%);
NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS
FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); NAICS523991 TRUST,
FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (71%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES &
AGENCY ACCOUNTS (70%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (70%); COMMERCIAL BANKING
(94%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (90%);
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); CONFERENCE
CALLS (90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%); INVESTMENT
ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); MANUFACTURING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%); LAWYERS (50%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 July 29, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
24, 2019 Wednesday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 9118 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Angel Octavio Castillo Malpica

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Research Associate

* Daniel Dalton Rizzo

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - Equity Analyst

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Kieran Christopher De Brun

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Research Associate

* Michael James Leithead

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* Michael Joseph Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division - MD &
Equity Research Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Air
Products and Chemicals Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's
call is being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Allen. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is
Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations.

I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our
Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your
questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release
and on Slide #2.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
We appreciate your interest in Air Products and thank you for joining us on our
call today.

At Air Products, we have a talented, committed and motivated
team who stays focused on serving our customers and creating value for our
shareholders every day of the year. This team delivered yet another quarter of
very strong safety and financial results. I want to thank all of our 16,000
employees for their hard work, dedication and contribution.

Our quarterly adjusted earnings per share of $1.92 is up 12%
and represents the 20th consecutive quarter -- I'd like to stress that -- the
20th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year quarterly EPS
growth. This strong result overcame a negative $0.08 currency impact. Our EPS
is up 17% on a constant currency basis.

We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial
gas company in the world with a record quarterly EBITDA margin above 37%. We
remain in a very strong financial and technological position with a business
that generates significant cash flow. I remain extremely confident of our
ability to deploy this capital into high-return industrial gas projects that
will generate significant value for our shareholders while also continuing to
return cash through our dividends.

Now please turn to Slide #3. All our employees around the world
are focused on safety, and as a result, we have improved our lost-time injury
rate by 83% and our recordable injury rate by 45% since 2014.

Slide #4 states our long-standing goal. 5 years ago, we set
the goal to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the
world, providing excellent service to our customers. I am very happy and proud
to say that we have achieved this goal and are committed to maintaining our
position in the years to come. We expanded the goal to include being the most
diverse, and that is part of our continuing journey, to create a work
environment where everyone can achieve their true potential.

Slide #5 is my management philosophy that I have followed
throughout my business career. And we have talked about this many times before,
so I don't want to dwell on it.

Slide #6 shows our Five-Point Plan for Air Products as we
move forward. We are committed to have best-in-class performance to maintain
our current leadership position, grow the company by expanding or offering
related to our core competencies, continue to change the culture of the
company, and most important, to achieve our higher purpose. That higher purpose
is to create a company where people feel they belong and their contributions
are recognized and valued, a company that is committed to sustainability and
supportive of the communities in which we operate, a company that our people
want to work for, that they are proud to be part of an innovative process to
solve the energy and environmental challenges facing the human race. That is
our higher purpose and we are committed to it.

Please turn to Slide #7, which shows the key milestones in
our gasification strategy. Let me take the opportunity to provide an update on
a few of these exciting projects. As I said last quarter, the Lu'An project
continues to run very well and it's contributing to our results as we expected.
The Jazan ASU, the main air separation units, were built on budget and on time
and they are in the process of being commissioned as we speak.

The definitive contract for the Jazan gasifier and power
plants, which are very complex contracts -- and many of them -- are being
negotiated with Saudi Aramco, and we expect the conclusion of those discussions
by the end of calendar 2019. We are continuing our discussion with YK Group for
the very large coal-to-syngas project. This project is still underway and that
-- there are some issues related to the allocation of coal, which is very
important for us. But the project has the support of the central government,
and we are optimistic that we will have more definitive announcements about the
project as we move forward.

At the Juitai -- and for the Juitai project, that project is
under construction with expected onstream in 2022. In addition to these
announced projects, as we have said before, we continue to work on a
significant number of very large new gasification opportunities around the
world.

Now please go to Slide #8, where you can see the results of
our key profitability metrics. We remain committed to our goal of continuing to
be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each
of these metrics.

Now please go to Slide #9, which is always my favorite slide
and particularly this quarter. You can see our record quarterly EBITDA margin
of 37.7%, which is up over 1,200- basis points from 5 years ago. This is a
great achievement by the people of Air Products, and all of us are very proud
of it.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss the
results in detail. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 10
for a summary of our Q2 results. As Seifi said, our team delivered another
impressive quarter. Volume added 3%, demonstrating the success of our growth
strategy. Price was also up 3%, which is our best performance in over 4 years.
Sales of $2.2 billion were up 1%, as the better volume and price was roughly offset
by 4% negative currency and 2% due to a contract change in India.

As a reminder, we agreed with a customer in India to convert
our hydrogen supply agreement into a tolling arrangement. This change has no
impact on our profits, but reduces sales for the company and for our EMEA
segment. So we are showing the sales impact in the Other line. This change
began in December, so the second quarter includes the full quarterly effect.

We saw lower sales as we near the end of our successful
Jazan sale of equipment project. Excluding this impact, volumes grew 5% due to
positive base volumes and additional new plant onstreams, including Lu'An in
Asia.

Price was particularly strong across all 3 regions and
across our merchant product lines. Great job by our team as we stayed focused
on pricing. Currency was again a headwind as the dollar strengthened against
all major currencies. EBITDA of $825 million and adjusted earnings per share of
$1.92 both improved 12%, driven by the higher volumes and positive pricing, partially
offset by unfavorable currency and higher costs.

EBITDA margin reached a record 37.7%, up 340- basis points
compared to prior year as a result of higher volume and price as well as the
India contract modification. ROCE of 12.6% improved 80- basis points versus
last year, primarily due to higher profits. Sequentially, EBITDA increased 4%
as better results in Americas and EMEA more than offset reduced Jazan sale of
equipment and lower volumes due to the Lunar New Year holidays in Asia.

Please turn to Slide 11. Our second quarter GAAP EPS was
$1.90 and includes a $5 million one time pension settlement cost. Our second
quarter adjusted EPS of $1.92 was up 12% or $0.21 per share, driven by strong
operating performance. Volume, price and cost together contributed $0.30. As
you see on this slide, the impact of price increases is shown net of the impact
of variable cost rate increases, primarily variable production costs such as
power and distribution costs in our merchant business.

The other cost line refers to fixed cost increases such as
personnel and plant maintenance costs. The other cost increase this quarter was
driven in part by labor inflation and higher maintenance. And as we have said
previously, we continue to see costs associated with investment in our
capabilities to successfully win and execute our growth strategy.

Currency and foreign exchange was $0.08 unfavorable,
primarily due to Chinese RMB and the euro. Excluding the unfavorable currency,
EPS increased $0.29 or 17% over last year. Nonoperating items, including
interest expense, noncontrolling interest and nonoperating income, combined for
a negative $0.01. Our effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.9%, roughly
flat compared to prior year. For FY '19, we expect an effective tax rate of approximately
20%.

Now please turn to Slide 12. We continued to generate strong
cash flow. During the last 12 months, we generated almost $11 per share or over
$2.4 billion of distributable cash flow. This distributable cash flow allowed
us to pay almost $1 billion or about 40% as dividends to our shareholders and
still have nearly $1.5 billion available for high-return investments in our
core industrial gas business. This strong cash flow enables us to create
shareholder value through increasing dividends and capital deployment.

Slide #13 updates our capital deployment progress, and we
have reformatted the information to hopefully make it more clear for you. As
you can see, we now show just over $16 billion of investment capacity available
over the 5-year period from FY 2018 through FY 2022. This is made up of 3
components. First is additional debt available today. We will continue to focus
on managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. If
we maintain this rating at a debt level of about 3x the last 12 months' EBITDA,
we have about $8.7 billion available today.

Second, based on LTM investable cash flow, we expect to have
over $5 billion between now and the end of FY 2022. Third, we have already
deployed almost $2.5 billion on M&A and growth projects. This excludes
maintenance CapEx. Today, we have a total of about $7.5 billion of project and
M&A commitments with about $6.8 billion remaining to spend on them. So you
can see, we have already spent 15% and already committed well over half of our
total available capacity.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to our Asia
results on Slide #14. There you can see that our great team in Asia delivered
yet another strong set of results. Our China-based business recovered well from
the Lunar New Year holiday and continues to show positive growth, and our other
strong positions throughout Asia continue to contribute. We remain very focused
on our current business and are also very positive about our long-term growth
potential in this region.

For the quarter, sales were up 12% from last year as a
result of positive volume and price more than offsetting negative currency.
Volumes increased 12%, primarily driven by new projects, mostly Lu'An. Overall
pricing for the region was up 5% versus last year, the eighth consecutive
quarter of year-over-year price improvement.

The strong volume and price also favorably impacted both
profits and margins. EBITDA increased by 32% and EBITDA margin improved 700-
basis points to a record 47.7%, making Asia our most profitable region. I am
very proud of the performance of our team in this region.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to
discuss our Americas result. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
15 for a review of our Americas results.

For the quarter, sales increased 9% primarily driven by 5%
higher volume and 3% higher price. Demand for hydrogen was robust in both the
Gulf Coast, which is supported by the new Baytown facility and Canada. Our base
merchant business also continued to grow in North America, while Latin America
remains weak. Overall, this is the ninth consecutive quarter of volume
improvement for the region.

Price contributed a positive 3%, the best performance in
over 4 years. Americas EBITDA of almost $400 million increased 10%. And
reported EBITDA margins of over 40% were up 60- basis points, primarily driven
by higher volumes and pricing. EBITDA margin was up 150- basis points,
excluding the impact of higher energy cost pass-through.

Earlier this week, we announced a new project for our second
ASU for Big River Steel in Arkansas. This new ASU will support Big River
Steel's expansion and the local merchant market, and it builds on the success
of our first ASU that came onstream a few years ago.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 16
for a review of our EMEA results. Our EMEA business produced positive
operational results this quarter despite limited economic growth, as strong
pricing offset negative currency. Compared to last year, price improved 3%,
while volume held firm. We saw a 7% sales impact from unfavorable currency and
a 9% sales reduction due to the India contract change.

Price improved across all major merchant products and across
all subregions. The 3% price increase marked the fifth consecutive quarter of
year-on-year improvement. Reported EBITDA of $182 million was up 2%, and EBITDA
was up 9% on a constant currency basis. Reported EBITDA margin improved 500-
basis points. Excluding the India contract change, EBITDA margin was up about
200- basis points. And although we continue to see Brexit as a potential risk
to our future results, at this point, we have not seen any significant negative
impacts.

Now please turn to Slide 17, Global Gases, which includes
our air separation unit sale of equipment business as well as central industrial
gas business costs. Sales and EBITDA declined due to lower project activity as
we approached the conclusion of our very successful Jazan ASU sale of equipment
project.

Please turn to Slide 18, Corporate segment, which includes
LNG and other businesses as well as our corporate costs. Although this
quarter's sales and profit have yet to show improvement, we anticipate a
turnaround in the LNG business. We recently announced a major project win to
supply our proprietary technology and equipment to the Golden Pass LNG Export
Project in the Gulf Coast. Since this is sale of equipment where the revenue
and profit are booked based on percentage of completion, we expect this project
to contribute to our earnings later in calendar 2019.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. Please turn to Slide
#19. Almost 5 years ago in July of 2014, during my first conference call with
the investment community, I promised to grow the company's earning per share by
at least 10% annually. As you can see, we have done better than that and
achieved 13% cumulative average growth rate over the last 5 years. We have
delivered what we promised and more, thanks to the great team at Air Products.

Our goal continues to be to achieving a cumulative average
growth rate of at least 10% in the coming years. Now that we're talking about
the coming years, we do understand that we live in an uncertain world. And we
at Air Products cannot influence the world's economic or political
developments, but we do have control over what Air Products can and should do
as a company to react to the changing world. We have a strong, capable and
flexible organization, which remains focused on productivity and creating our
own growth opportunities, which would allow us to continue to deliver on our
promises to investors as we go forward.

So now for what we promise this year, please turn to Slide
#20. We are increasing our EPS guidance for fiscal year 2019 to a range of
$8.15 to $8.30. Despite currency headwinds, at the midpoints, our guidance
represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. For
quarter 3 of fiscal year 2019, our earning per share guidance is $2.10 to
$2.15, up 8% to 10% over last year. We have also slightly increased our CapEx
forecast to a range of $2.4 billion to $2.5 billion for fiscal year 2019.

Our team around the world continue to be excited about Air
Products' future. Our Five-Point Strategic Plan provides the framework to drive
our success going forward. And our safety, productivity and operating
performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued growth. We have
the financial capacity, the technological know-how and the talent to
successfully pursue the exciting opportunities that we see ahead.

And finally, please turn to Slide #21. As always, our real
competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we
have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our
superior safety and operational performance. I want to again thank all of our
16,000 employees around the world for their commitment and hard work and for
embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of winning
together. I am very proud to be part of this winning team.

Now we will be delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first
question from John McNulty with BMO Capital.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: It seems like there is a lot of opportunities in the coal
gasification arena. You're certainly highlighting, it sounds like, a lot of
projects that you're at least considering. Can you help us to understand how
you prioritize or what some of the bigger priorities are when you're picking a
partner for these projects as we think about kind of the future investment for
them going forward?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Very good question. John, we have always
said that when we look at these projects, and there are many of them as you
said, the very first thing that we do is make an assessment whether the project
is economically viable. That means that if they are making diesel fuel or if
they are making olefins or whatever it is that the end product is going to come
out of this project, how is the market for that product, where is it going to
be sold, what are the expected prices and does the full project make economic
sense? That's number one. Once we have satisfied ourselves that, that is the
case, then the second thing that we focus is on the customer that we are
dealing, who is actually doing this project, what is their financial strength,
what is their status, what is their market position and all of that. Then if we
have passed the economic test and passed the market test, then quite honestly,
we do the project unless it is in a very, very, very difficult part of the
world, and there are not that many of them. So the basic message that I have is
that we don't look at the projects like, oh, this project is in China, we don't
want to do it. Or this project is in India. Or -- we don't look at that. We
look at what is the project and whom is it for? I have said many times, if you
give me a project that makes economical sense and it is for Saudi Aramco, we'll
do it no matter where it is in the world. So that -- those are the criterias
that we follow.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY: And then, I guess, when you look at
the projects out there, I think last quarter, you had highlighted there were
50-plus projects out there that you were at least evaluating. What portion of
those are projects that are already up and running where the actual producer is
saying, "You know what, we'd rather outsource this," similar to what
we saw with the refining industry back, I don't know, 20, 30 years ago as they
started kind of outsourcing the business. So how should we be thinking about
that and the opportunities there?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Probably 10% to 20% of them are in that
category.

OPERATOR: Next question comes from Christopher Parkinson
with Credit Suisse.

KIERAN CHRISTOPHER DE BRUN, RESEARCH ASSOCIATE, CRéDIT
SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Kieran on for Chris. I was wondering if
you can discuss the trends that you're seeing in APAC, particularly in China. I
mean, are there any key end-markets that you're seeing slower accelerate? Then
also just regarding this quarter, any impacts you saw from the Lunar New Year
and how we should think about volumes in the sequential kind of basis?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: With respect in China, we -- I have said
this many times, we don't see any particular weakening in anything. At least --
we have exposure to a lot of their businesses. And one of the interesting thing
about our business that you know very well is that we don't have any inventory.
So our performance is instantaneous. Whatever the economy is doing, you see
that in our numbers. China is growing very well. And the Lunar New Year, China
this year, we were very concerned about that. That's why we were conservative
in our guidance for the quarter. The Chinese New Year, although it fell in
between weeks, it went down and came back exactly like every other year, and
the economy is doing very well and we continue to be very optimistic. We feel
very bullish on China.

KIERAN CHRISTOPHER DE BRUN: And then just when I look at
your full year guidance, it implies a very strong fourth quarter, a little bit
stronger, I think, than like the third quarter. Maybe can you just discuss the
key elements that are driving that positive outlook for the fourth quarter and
then for the back half of the year? I'd appreciate it.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. we -- first of all, we expect that
the pricing momentum that we have seen would continue and actually might become
even better than what we have seen before. So that is one thing that keeps us optimistic.
The other thing is that Brexit is delayed until October, so we don't expect any
significant negative effect on that. The other thing is that our LNG project
business, as you know, this is not contributing anything. But we did win a very
big project, Golden Pass in Texas. And since with that project, we start
getting paid as soon as we start working on it, we expect some contribution
from that. And the fourth thing is that we expect that the effect of negative
currency to be a little bit better. So -- and you put all of that together,
that is what makes us optimistic that we would be able to meet the higher end
of -- or at least our goal is to meet the higher end of our forecast, which is
$8.30.

OPERATOR: The next question comes from the line of David
Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just on the merchant pricing, can you give us the
merchant price gains you realized in each of the 3 major regions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, David, you know our business better
than anybody. And you know that half of our business is on-site and there is
not a lot of price increase in that. So as a rule of thumb, you can take the
numbers that we have given you for each region, multiply it by 2 and you end up
with what we achieved in the merchant business. And you see that it is strong.
It's 7%, 8%, 11% in the different regions.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Excellent. And just on the YK project,
Seifi, any concerns on your part, given the elongated timeline to finalize the
details here?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, I don't have any concern. That
project is a project that has a strong support of the central government. The
central government wants that to happen. The issue is the allocation of coal to
that project. That is a very important issue for us, because we don't want to
do any big gasification project when the source of coal is not 100% guaranteed.
I mean, YK is a big coal company, but they need to get allocation of the coal.
So that -- the negotiations with that is taking longer than what we expected,
but I fully expect that project to go forward. The timing might be a little bit
different than what we expect today. But I think that, that is a good project.
It makes a lot of sense, and it will eventually happen.

OPERATOR: Next we'll go to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.

MICHAEL JAMES LEITHEAD, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: This is actually Mike Leithead on for Duffy this morning. I
guess, to follow up on the pricing dynamics, a nice acceleration this quarter.
I was hoping you can maybe give a sense of where you think merchant operating
rates are today, particularly in North America and Asia?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. North America operating rates are
in about mid-70s. The operating rates in Europe are around -- in low 80s. And
the operating rate in the areas that we operate in, in Asia is about in
mid-80s.

MICHAEL JAMES LEITHEAD: Great. And then on the LNG market,
it seems like activity and optimism is starting to pick up in that area. I was
hoping you could maybe characterize whether -- outside of the project you just
signed, whether you think overall market dynamics will start to be a tailwind
as we get to the back half of this year or maybe that's closer to a 2020 event.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, in 2019, our fiscal year ends at
the end of September. So we did have a positive impact from the Golden Pass
Project, but that's not going to be huge. But as we go forward, we are very
optimistic about that business. As you know, that business used to make us $150
million of EBITDA a year. And today, it's making nothing. So we think that in
time, we will get to that $150 million rate in the next 3, 4 years. We are very
optimistic about the LNG business. That's why we never considered divesting of
it. We have a huge technological advantage, almost 70% -- 75% of all the large
LNG projects use our technology, and we see many of them happening in the U.S.
and around the world. So we continue to -- we expect a very positive future for
that business.

OPERATOR: The next question comes from the line of Jeff
Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: The EBITDA margin in Asia is now roughly 48%. And
maybe a year ago, it was 38%. Is the difference in the margin the Lu'An project
essentially?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. In fact, a significant amount of that
is also -- Lu'An is obviously affecting it, but there is obviously the fact
that we have gotten significant pricing. I mean, our merchant pricing in last
quarter was 11% ahead of last year. So that is a very positive contributor. And
besides that, our people there are doing a good job in productivity and keeping
the costs under control. So overall, as I said, I'm very proud of what they
have done and that -- I'm optimistic that we will be able to maintain that kind
of a margin as we go forward.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: For the Jazan gasifier and the power
JV, I think you said earlier in the call that you're trying to negotiate the
final terms by the end of the year. If you successfully negotiate those terms,
when would that project begin to affect your income statement?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: If we successfully complete the
negotiations by the end of the year and financially close, that project will contribute
in 2019 and then obviously 2020 and then the big impact will be 2021. But it
will definitely impact 2019 if we completed by the end of fiscal year this
year.

OPERATOR: Now we'll go to John Roberts with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Pricing
was largely offset by foreign exchange. I guess, in one sense, you could say
that pricing in dollar terms was roughly flat year-over-year. Do you think
pricing and currency are completely unrelated? Or do you think the exchange
rates are giving you a little bit more ability to price in local currency?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The currency has nothing to do with it.
Our business is absolutely local. And whether the dollar is up or down, it has
no effect on our ability to increase or lower prices in different parts of the
world. This is not like crude oil or anything like that. So it is totally
independent, John.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Okay. And then I know it's too
early to have a CapEx budget for 2020, but since we're halfway through fiscal
'19, at this point, do you know whether 2020 will be up or stable with the 2019
CapEx budget?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, I expect our 2020 CapEx will be
probably north of $3 billion.

OPERATOR: Let's go to Jim Sheehan with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you comment on the ACP Europe
acquisition? About how much did you pay for that and how much earnings
contribution will it represent?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The amount that we paid for that, I think
we have disclosed that, it's more than $100 million. And obviously, the rule of
thumb that we always tell you, if you spend $100 million, that should give us
an operating income of $10 million.

OPERATOR: Now we'll go to Robert Koort with Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Seifi, you mentioned -- I want to talk about gasification a bit about
how you prioritize your project load there. And I guess, if we look at
breakeven levels for maybe making glycol or olefins or fertilizer, we're easily
there. When Brent starts to get up in the $75 range, then maybe coal to fuels
or coal to synthetic natural gas comes in play. In that project portfolio that
you're pursuing, are you seeing greater interest in those maybe higher
breakeven type applications of gasification?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: And are those exclusively in China or
are they more broad globally?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. That -- as the price of oil goes up,
the number of projects that become viable obviously becomes bigger. So you're
right on that.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: Can I ask you on the decap side, Seifi?
I think there's been -- over the last couple of years, there's been some
shareholder frustration expressed about deploying that capital, and now you're
starting to do that more aggressively. Is there a decap opportunity here in
gasification? I know Shell, when they owned the business, certainly advertised
the process improvements they've made over time, the history and portfolio of
gasifiers they have an operation gave them an advantage. Is there an ability to
go speak to existing gasifiers and suggest you can operate them better with
improvements in technology? Or how would you -- what would be the selling
points that you'd make to an existing gasification customer to maybe let you
take that off their hands and operate it?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Bob, I mean, you are exactly
accurate in terms of the kind of argument that is used. And quite frankly, the
very best example of what you just said is the IGCC project in Saudi Arabia,
the Jazan project that you are talking about. We went to Saudi Aramco and said
that we had improvements in the Shell technology. And they are using the Shell
technology for gasifying the bottom of their refinery, and that is an asset
buyback. So that is an ideal example of what you're talking about, and there
are others like that, that obviously we are pursuing.

OPERATOR: Now we'll go to Vincent Andrews with Morgan
Stanley.

ANGEL OCTAVIO CASTILLO MALPICA, RESEARCH ASSOCIATE, MORGAN
STANLEY, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Angel Castillo on for Vincent. So just a
quick question around the gasification projects. So with the explosion that
happened in the fertilizer plant in China, I was wondering, is -- has anything
changed in terms of the number of projects that you're seeing? Obviously,
you're very bullish on that. But maybe you can give us an update on that
50-plus project number that you mentioned earlier and just how that explosion
is impacting that number?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, that explosion has
nothing to do with what we are doing. It has no impact.

ANGEL OCTAVIO CASTILLO MALPICA: I guess, I mean, just more
from a regulatory perspective in terms of, I guess, new projects whether it's
in olefins or anything else? Just I guess, you're not seeing any impact from
that is what you're saying?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That's correct, sir. That's correct.

ANGEL OCTAVIO CASTILLO MALPICA: Okay. And then maybe just a
quick follow-up just on the CapEx. I was wondering if you could give us some
color as to like what drove that increase in the CapEx for 2019?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: In 2019, I think Scott can answer that.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. I think you're referring to
taking up the bottom of the range from [$2.80 billion to $2 billion]. It's just
as we're halfway through the year, better estimates of the spending and some
other smaller projects that we're spending on. That's all.

ANGEL OCTAVIO CASTILLO MALPICA: Great. And then if I may,
just one quick follow-up as well on your volumes. Obviously, you had tough
comps there last year. But as I look at the next couple of quarters, just
curious as to your -- what would you view volume there going for the next
couple of quarters?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'm not sure, quite honestly, I
understood the question.

ANGEL OCTAVIO CASTILLO MALPICA: Just what are your
expectations in volume are for Europe essentially for the coming quarters?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: For just Europe or for everywhere else?
In general...

ANGEL OCTAVIO CASTILLO MALPICA: For Europe?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: For Europe, we expect the run rate to
continue. We are not -- as I said, with the Brexit delayed, we are not
concerned about volumes in Europe and we remain positive about pricing in
Europe.

OPERATOR: Next question comes from the line of Don Carson
with Susquehanna Financial.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: Want to go to your favorite slide, Slide #9,
new record on EBITDA margin, 37.7%. How much of that was due to -- what's the
impact of that India conversion to tolling on that? And I assume that most of
your upward momentum in EBITDA margin is due to price. So are we at an inflection
point in pricing here? Traditionally, you didn't get pricing in this industry
till you were well into the 80s, but you seem to be getting pricing earlier. So
I guess, the final question is, you used to think 35% EBITDA margin was kind of
a normalized level. So is 37%, 38% the new normal?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. With respect to -- thanks for your
question. The number one is that the effect of the -- it's about 80- basis
points in terms of India, that's number one. The second thing is that with
respect to where would the EBITDA margin be, I've always told people from way
back that when you are modeling Air Products, model an EBITDA margin of 35% to
36%, and I would still suggest that. We did do very well this quarter. We'll
see what the next quarter brings, but I don't want to start kind of predicting
that we will hit 37.7% every quarter. But I think it is safe to assume that we
will be around 35% on average.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: And on pricing, do you think we're at
an inflection point here with the kind of improvement you've seen in merchant
pricing is sustainable? Again, you seem to be getting the pricing at lower
rates than you've historically needed to get pricing.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Don, I heard your question and I was
trying to get away with not answering it. You know that we don't like to make
any comments on pricing considering the nature of our industry. So you need to
let me off the hook on that one.

OPERATOR: Now we'll go to Steve Byrne with Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: For these large coal gasification projects that are
now in your backlog, what fraction of that total installed equipment would you
say is going to be fabricated at one of your locations versus field
fabrication? And do you expect that shift to change over time as you get more
and more of these projects under your belt and be able to develop more of a
capability to fabricate at a central location and lower your capital costs,
time to erect and competitiveness?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Let me answer them one at a time. With
respect to air -- with these coal gasifications, the part that we make
ourselves is the air separation unit, the main cold boxes. Those cold boxes are
manufactured right now exclusively mostly in China. So as we expand -- we have
expanded our operation in China in Caojing, south of Shanghai. As we expand, we
continue to expand that facility. And if we get to a stage that we need
additional capacity, we know where to go. So that is -- with the rest of these
coal gasification facilities, we do not manufacture them ourselves. A lot of
them are engineered and designed and built at the job site, and they are
prefabricated at different locations and brought together and assembled
together like an Erector Set. So there is no kind of constraint on our ability
to manufacture these things.

STEVE BYRNE: But just like some furnaces are fabricated and
then shipped to a job site, could you anticipate the gasifier units being moved
in that direction and ultimately reducing the total capital cost for these
projects?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the capital cost for these
projects, depending on where they are, can significantly be reduced if you
break down the project like we did in Jazan and prefabricate them at the most
cost effective area. When you look at Jazan, and hopefully, we can show you a
movie of it one time, you see that it was like an Erector Set. We had a 450-ton
unit of all of the piping manufactured actually in China, which was the lowest
cost. And then it was shipped and then put together with the rest of the plant.
So we did a lot -- not -- we did not do a lot of the cutting and building and
all of that in Jazan, which would have been very expensive. So that is what you
do in terms of trying to reduce the cost. The air separation part, which is
about -- usually on this big project, the air separation part is about 10% of
the cost. That one, we manufacture it in several pieces in Caojing and then
ship it to the job site and put it together.

STEVE BYRNE: Okay. And just lastly, out of your 16,000
employees, what fraction would you say are involved in engineering and
construction?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: About more than 20% on engineering. The
construction, the actual construction, when you are building a plant like
Jazan, we have construction supervision people. And just to give you a number
for Jazan when we were building it, we had about 200 of our people supervising
it. But the number of people who are actually building the plant, they're
6,000. Those people, we hired locally for the project. They are not permanent
employees. Out of the 16,000, about 20% are dedicated engineering and project
management people that we have and they are long-term employees of Air
Products, and we are very proud of them.

OPERATOR: Next we'll go to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical
Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: Seifi, I was wondering if you could comment on the nature and level of
competitive intensity in the gasification arena specifically? Anecdotally, it
would seem that some of your competitors have a different strategy in terms of
their focus. Curious, if you survey your 50-plus projects there, how often are
you running into the other global majors? And to what degree is the customer a
source of competition in a sense for you?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, you're asking me a very difficult
question. I don't know how to answer that, because I obviously am in no
position to speak for our competitors. If their strategy is that they are not
optimistic about these projects, I hope they continue to follow that strategy.
But I really cannot comment on behalf of our customers that when they are
dealing with us, how many other people they are talking and all of that. We
always behave as if we have competition, and we try to give the very best offer
that we can to our customers. So -- I mean, that's the extent that I'm going to
comment on this.

OPERATOR: Next we'll go to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: A question on crude to chemicals projects
that are being discussed around the world. Do you have any technology there
similar to your gasification technology? And if not, it would still consume a
lot of gases. So what are you seeing or hearing about request or bids for ASUs
for those projects?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I think all of those projects,
people would be looking for bids for ASUs. The way we are trying to
differentiate ourselves by making an offer to the customer that we provide you
not only the ASU, but also the gasification, and therefore, a different package
rather than just competing for the ASU, which most of the time -- if the
customer wants to buy the ASUs by themselves, they usually do a sale of
equipment rather than sale of gas. So -- and as you see most of the current
existing gasifiers in China, which there are many, have all been sale of
equipment. So we are trying to differentiate ourselves by giving a bigger
package. But if the customer insists that no, I just want the bid for the air
separation unit, we usually -- depending on who the customer is, we usually
give them a bid, because we'll be happy to build the air separation unit. But
we are trying to differentiate ourselves by giving a bigger package to the
customer.

P.J. JUVEKAR: And then a question on Europe. Your pricing
has lagged there in the past. Now you're getting some solid 6% merchant
pricing. And I know in the past, you walked away from some low-margin
businesses in Europe. What are you seeing from new players that were created
recently in merchant business in Europe? And there's also a new merchant player
in the U.S. What are you -- what kind of behavior are you seeing from them?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, it's too soon for us to comment on
that quite honestly. We usually don't comment on that anyway. But these people
have been in business for a few months, so it's very difficult to make an
assessment on that. But you said the key thing, P.J., and I said this publicly
in February at a conference. The reason we are getting the pricing is, because
we are willing to walk away from volume. That is the key thing that we are
saying that we -- our costs have gone up and all of that. This is the price of
our product. If the customer wants to go buy from somebody else, they can. And
the willingness to walk away from low-margin business is what is giving us the
ability to increase the prices. Otherwise, we will never increase prices. So
that is a very different strategy for us, that's exactly right.

OPERATOR: We'll next go to Mike Sison with KeyBanc.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, MD & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, when you think about
your 10% growth -- EPS growth goal, you've got Jazan -- the gasifier coming on
next year and looks like 4 projects on that one slide. Could 2020 be -- given
those projects coming on, could 2020 be a year where you maybe outpace that
goal?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, we always say that we always
promise what we can deliver and usually deliver more than what we promise. So I
don't want to get ahead of myself, but I hope what you're saying would turn out
to be true.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Got it. And then just one quick one on
Asia again. Margins, very good, actually pretty sweet. And if you think about
the second half of the year, do you think you can sustain that level? And then
what kind of impacts that margin going forward, given 48% is a pretty
impressive level?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, thank you for saying that, by the
way. I expect our EBITDA margins in Asia to continue to be at around those
numbers.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll next go to Mike
Harrison with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Wanted to go at the pricing
question a little bit differently. I wanted to ask specifically about China.
Can you comment on what you're seeing in LOX/LIN supply and demand dynamics in
the areas that you play in China? Just trying to get a sense of how sustainable
the pricing momentum could be there.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Mike, as I mentioned before, the
operating rates in the region that we operate in China is getting to around
mid-80s. And when you get to mid-80s, then you do have pricing power. So our
LOX/LIN pricing has been going up. And if the economy stays the way it is and
the operating rate stays the way it is, which I think it will, because nobody
is building a brand new plant right away, so I expect that we would continue to
have good momentum.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: Right. And then was also wondering
about you -- in your appendix there, you have a number of projects that were
listed as starting up during the first quarter of fiscal '19, 2 of them in
Korea, 2 of them in the U.S. Was just wondering, did we see a full contribution
from all 4 of those projects during the fiscal second quarter? Or are some of
them still ramping up?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, we did.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Jonas
Oxgaard with Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I was wondering, you had some pretty hefty
currency headwinds there, but do you get any currency tailwinds on the CapEx
side from this?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, you are very right. Yes, to some
extent, we do. I mean, the dollar content of a lot of the projects that we make
is not that huge, but we do get a tailwind from that. You're right, yes.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: And is that reflected in your guidance?
Can you help me size the impact on how that's reflected in your guidance?
Sorry, I should rephrase that.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: You see -- but -- the fact that the
capital cost of the projects will go down a little bit, that is minute, it's
not material to our numbers. As we go forward, we expect the headwind on the
currency to subside a little bit, then you go quarter-by-quarter. So as Scott
was just telling me before the call, we expect that for next quarter the
headwind will be less than the $0.08, and hopefully for the quarter after that,
less than that. Obviously, none of us can predict what will happen to the
currencies and all of that. But if the currency rates stay about the same, we
should have not as much of a headwind in the third quarter. But Scott can
amplify on that.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Thanks, Seifi. Just want to
build on as Seifi -- as we've said, we've got $0.08 unfavorable here in this
quarter. For the year, our projection is maybe it's $0.15 to $0.20 headwind.
And just as a reminder, the way that we look at this is when we come out of the
quarter, we don't try to project where rates are going to go. We just hold them
steady to where they are. And when you compare then the third quarter versus
prior year third quarter and the fourth quarter versus prior year fourth
quarter, we don't see -- as Seifi just mentioned, we don't see the third
quarter to be as much as $0.08 down a little bit and then even less in the
fourth quarter, not because we're projecting a change in exchange rate, but
rather just where were rates last year. Okay? So just want to get grounded. And
again, as was mentioned earlier in the call, we're talking all translation,
right? There's no economic impact. It's just math bringing it back. So I just
figured I'd take you through. And lastly, since I'm on the subject, we've given
sensitivities in the past around swings in currencies of the 10% for the RMB.
On an annual basis, a swing of 10% will be about $0.12. For the euro, a swing
of 10% would be about $0.09. And then there's a basket of other currencies like
the pound, Korean won, Taiwanese dollar and the Canadian dollar. Each, you just
move them by 10%, it's about $0.03 to $0.04 each. And what I've just given you
there is roughly, when you throw in the U.S. dollar sales, approaching 85%, 90%
of the company. So I just figured I'd take you through some of those numbers.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: I appreciate that. As a follow-up, though,
the take-or-pays that you're signing, do you usually sign them in dollars or
local currency?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It depends where it is. In some
countries, it's in local currency. In some countries, it's in dollar terms,
depending on the country and how we feel about the customer and their
expectations of currency.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. And if we take China coal as the
biggest one, that swings the future?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: In China, the contracts that we have are
in RMB, in local Chinese currency. Yes, sir.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Laurence
Alexander with Jefferies.

DANIEL DALTON RIZZO, EQUITY ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH
DIVISION: This is Dan Rizzo on for Laurence. I'm sorry if I missed this, but
did you quantify the backlog and how it has changed this quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Simon, you want to -- since you prepared
the slide, you want to make any comment?

SIMON R. MOORE: Sure. As we say, our total project
commitments are about $7.5 billion. I think that's up from around $7 billion
last time. And again, just to be clear on that, that's the total value of the
commitments we have. What we have remaining to spend on those is about $6.8
billion.

DANIEL DALTON RIZZO: Okay. Sorry, I missed that. And then
just one other question, could the gasification business evolve to where we see
large take-or-pay arrangements rather than the JVs in some regions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, right now, the gasification
projects, some of them is JVs and some of them is 100% ourselves like Juitai.
Is that the question?

SIMON R. MOORE: If I could just add, they're all
take-or-pay.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, yes.

SIMON R. MOORE: So just to be clear about that.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Whether it's JV or not, it's all
take-or-pay.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions)

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. Well, we have run over the time and
since there are no other questions, I would like to thank everybody for being
on our call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our
presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing
our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the very
best. Thank you again.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude today's call. We thank
everyone again for their participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS
MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042419a12438449.749










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%);
ESTATE, GIFT & TRUST LAW (88%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (78%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (77%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); LAWYERS (70%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

JEFFERIES LLC (72%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE)
(83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (71%); MS (NYSE) (58%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES
BROKERAGE (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210
CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (71%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF
BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (71%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS (71%);
NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (70%); NAICS525920
TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (69%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%);
AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (90%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%);
CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); MANUFACTURING (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (77%); PAYMENT
CARDS & SERVICES (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING
(76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%); LAWYERS (70%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 April 28, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
25, 2019 Friday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 10676 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* Michael Joseph Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division - MD &
Equity Research Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Air Products
and Chemicals First Quarter Earnings Conference -- Release Conference. Today's
call is being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products' First Quarter 2019 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is
Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined
today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our
Executive Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary.

After our comments, we will be pleased to take your
questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on
our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement
disclosure that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide #2.

Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
Thank you for joining us on our call, and we do appreciate your interest in Air
Products.

The talented, motivated and committed team at Air Products
delivered another quarter of strong safety and financial results. Our quarterly
adjusted earnings per share of $1.86 represents the 19th consecutive quarter
that we have reported year-on-year quarterly EPS growth. Excluding the impact
of a plant sale last year, our EPS was up 9%.

We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial
gas company in the world, with an EBITDA margin above 35%. We are in a very
strong financial position, and our business generates significant cash flow.
This allows us to continue to invest capital into value-creating projects to
profitably grow the company, while also continuing to return cash to our
shareholders. Yesterday, we announced our 37th consecutive year of dividend
increase. We are proud of our new quarterly dividend of $1.16, and I would like
to stress quarterly dividend of $1.16 per share, which in turn, means return
that we will return about $1 billion in cash to our shareholders over the next
year.

At Air Products, we have a great, talented and committed team
who stay focused on serving our customers and creating value for our
shareholders every day.

Now please turn to Slide #3. All of our 16,000 employees
around the world are focused on safety. And as a result, we have improved our
lost time injury rate by 83%, and our recordable injury rate by 33% since 2014.

On Slide #4, you can see our goal, which is to be the best,
safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world,
providing excellent service to our customers.

On Slide #5, you can see our overall management philosophy
that we have shared with you many times before. We have come a long way over
the last 4 years, however, we continue to be focused on shareholder value,
capital allocation and an empowered and decentralized organization.

Now please turn to Slide #6 to see our Five-Point Strategic
Plan. We remain focused on sustaining our lead in safety and financial
performance. We continue to see tremendous opportunities to deploy capital in
value-creating projects, primarily in our onsite business. Scott will take you
through the numbers, but let me provide you a quick overview of our progress.

Since the start of fiscal year 2018, we have spent and
committed over $8 billion on exciting new growth projects. Both Scott and I
remain committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted
A/A2 rating. At this rating, we believe we still have about $14 billion
remaining to invest.

So we have already spent or committed over half of the $16
billion available over the 5-year period of fiscal year '18 to fiscal year '22.

We really -- we recently announced new projects in
California, Minnesota, India, Algeria and China. We have made great progress so
far, and I remain very confident, and I'd like to stress the words very confident,
of our ability to deploy this capital into high return industrial gas projects
that will generate significant value for our shareholders.

The fourth point of our plan is to continue to improve our
4S culture, meaning safety, simplicity, speed and self-confidence to create a
committed and motivated environment where our team brings their positive
attitudes and open minds to work every day.

And finally, we do have a higher purpose to create an
inclusive and enjoyable environment for all of our people, so that everybody
feels proud to innovate, solve challenges and contribute to our communities. We
remain focused on executing this Five-Point Plan. Our goal is to be the best
industrial gas company in the world, not the biggest.

Now please turn to Slide #7, where you can see our dividend
history. As I said, we are proud of our 37-year record of increasing the
dividend. And we are excited about going -- giving over $1 billion to our
shareholders in 2019 via dividend and cash. This direct cash return to our shareholders
complements the tremendous investment opportunities that will drive Air
Products' growth for many years to come.

On Slide #8, you can see our gasification strategy that
continues to be a key focus of our investment opportunities.

Gasification is just another way to make syngas that can be
turned into a wide variety of products, including chemicals, diesel fuel,
high-end olefins, polymers, hydrogen and/or power. A key benefit of
gasification is that it enables an environmentally friendly way to use lower
value feedstocks.

We have successfully supported this market over the last few
years with very large air separation units providing oxygen to customers
operating their gasifiers in China and Saudi Arabia. We have announced 4 large
projects where Air Products will own and operate the gasifiers and syngas
cleanup, and provide syngas and/or related products to our customers. The key
is that these projects are consistent with our onsite business model where we
don't have any raw material or product volume or price risk.

The Lu'An project that we had announced before is fully
onstream, thanks to the continued effort of our great team in China, and
continues to successfully supply syngas to Lu'An for their chemical production.
You see the positive impact of Lu'An in our Asia and company results this
quarter, and we remain confident Lu'An will deliver over $0.25 of earnings per
share in fiscal year '19. And we continue to make good progress on the other
gasification projects we have announced.

Now please turn to Slide #9. We remain committed to our goal
of being the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by
each of these 3 metrics, and we are.

Now please go to Slide #10, which is always my favorite
slide, showing the over 1,000 basis point improvement in our EBITDA margin.

Finally, please turn to Slide #11. The successful execution
of our strategy will allow us to deliver 13% compounded annual earnings per
share growth over the last 5 years, based on the midpoint of our fiscal year '19
guidance. We will continue to execute our strategy, and we believe we will
deliver our earnings per -- and increase our earnings per share by at least 10%
per year on average over the coming years.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss the
results in detail. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 12
for a summary of our Q1 results. As Seifi said, our team delivered another
strong quarter with underlying volumes and pricing up across all 3 regions.

Before I get into the results, as a reminder, we had a plant
sale in China in the first quarter of last year. So we will help you understand
our results excluding this event.

Also, during this quarter, we agreed with our customer in
India to restructure our hydrogen supply agreement to exclude natural gas
pass-through and turn this into a tolling arrangement. This change has no impact
on our profits, but it does reduce company sales as well as sales for our EMEA
segment, so we are showing the sales impact in the other line. This change only
impacted December, so it will be a larger impact beginning next quarter.

Overall reported sales of $2.2 billion were flat, but were
up 9% excluding the Jazan sale of equipment, the prior year plant sale and the
India contract language change.

Excluding Jazan and the plant sale, volumes grew 5% with
positive base volumes up in all 3 regions and the full onstream of Lu'An in
Asia. Sequential volumes were down 4%, primarily due to customer-planned
maintenance outages and weaker seasonal volumes.

Price improved in all 3 regions for the second consecutive
quarter. Merchant pricing rose 3%, which translated to an increase of 1% for
the total company. Negative currency was driven by the Chinese RMB, the euro,
the India rupee and the Chilean peso. EBITDA of nearly $800 million improved 8%
and was up 12%, excluding the prior year plant sale. This improvement was
driven by higher volumes, positive pricing, and equity affiliate income,
partially offset by higher costs and unfavorable currency.

EBITDA margin of 35.7% was up 250 basis points compared to
prior year. Adjusted earnings per share of $1.86 were up 4% versus prior year
and up 9%, excluding the prior year plant sale.

ROCE of 12.4% improved 50 basis points versus last year,
primarily due to higher profits.

Please turn to Slide 13. We had non-GAAP items this quarter
that totaled $0.29 per share. This included $0.10 for an asset write-off for a
government-enforced customer plant shutdown. We continue to negotiate this
situation, but do not anticipate additional charges. We also had negative $0.19
from our revised estimates of the Tax Act impact. Our first quarter adjusted
continuing operations EPS of $1.86 was up $0.07 per share and up $0.15,
excluding the prior year plant sale.

Overall, higher volumes increased EPS by $0.13. Excluding
the prior year plant sale, volume contributed $0.21. Price and raw materials
taken together increased EPS by $0.05. Net cost performance was unfavorable
$0.06, as productivity in Asia was offset by higher cost in Americas.
Additionally, and as we have said in the past, we continue to see costs
associated with our investment in capabilities in our business development,
engineering, project execution and technology areas to drive growth in the
future.

Currency and foreign exchange was $0.04 unfavorable,
primarily due to the Chinese RMB and the euro. Equity affiliate income added
$0.03, primarily due to new plants and operational strength in Mexico. The
overall tax rate was a $0.03 headwind versus last year, consistent with our
expectations. We expect the FY '19 tax rate to be in the range of 19% to 20%.

Finally, we have other items that combined for a negative
$0.01, including higher nonoperating income offset by higher interest expense.

Now please turn to Slide 14. We continue to generate strong
cash flow. During the last 12 months, we generated almost $11 per share or $2.3
billion of distributable cash flow, nearly $100 million higher than fiscal year
2018. The $2.3 billion of distributable cash flow allowed us to pay over $900
million or about 40% as dividends and still have over $1.4 billion available
for high return investments in our core industrial gas business. This strong
cash flow enables us to create shareholder value through increasing dividends
and capital deployment.

Slide #15 shows our capital deployment progress and is an
update of the information we introduced last quarter. Since the start of FY
2018, we have spent about $1.8 billion on M&A and growth projects,
excluding maintenance capital. In addition, we have committed, but not yet
spent, almost $6.5 billion on projects and M&A.

We continue to focus on managing our debt balance to
maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating. If we maintain this rating at a debt
level of about 3x the last 12 months EBITDA, we have over $8.5 billion
available to invest today. And based on our last 12 months investable cash
flow, we expect to have almost $5.5 billion over the remaining three-and-three
quarter years. Therefore, in total, we have about $14 billion remaining to
invest.

The almost $2 billion we have spent so far and the $14
billion available gives us a total of almost $16 billion of total available
capacity for FY 2018 through FY 2022. So you can see we have spent over 10% and
committed over half of our total available capacity.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide
16, Asia, where we continue to deliver strong sales and profit growth. I was
just in Asia last week and remain very excited about our growth opportunities.
We have an excellent and committed team running our business in Asia. At this
point, we have not seen any meaningful impact on our business or projects as a
result of any trade issues between the United States and China. It will be
interesting, however, to see how the Lunar New Year holiday impacts the economy
this coming quarter. We remain focused on our business in China and very
positive on our long-term growth prospects in China.

Sales were 3% lower than last year, with 2% lower volume and
3% unfavorable currency, partially offset by better pricing and higher energy
pass-through. Excluding the impact of the plant sale last year that Scott
mentioned, sales were up 16%.

Again, excluding the impact of the plant sale last year,
volumes were up 17%, with new projects, primarily Lu'An, driving about 10% of
the increase, while the base business and small acquisitions accounted for the
rest. Overall for the region -- overall pricing for the region was up 1% versus
last year, the seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year price improvement.
The merchant business pricing was up 3% with positive pricing across all
subregions in Asia.

The strong volumes and pricing, plus favorable productivity,
increased both profits and margins. EBITDA increased by over 20% and EBITDA
margin improved 920 basis points. Excluding the prior year plant sale, EBITDA
was up more than 30% and margins were up 470 basis points.

Sequentially, profits and margins increased due to
productivity and the full running rate from Lu'An.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Scott to
discuss our Americas results.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
17 for a review of our Americas results. For the quarter, sales grew 9% with
both volume and price up 2%. Higher energy pass-through added 7%, more than
offsetting a negative 2% currency effect. Volumes from new plants and North
America base merchant were both positive and overcame weaker Latin America
volumes, and customer-planned maintenance outages negatively impacting hydrogen
volumes. Overall, this is the eighth consecutive quarter of volume improvement
for the region.

The impact of our pricing actions is also gaining momentum
as price was up 2%, the best result in 3 years. Merchant pricing was up 4%.
Americas EBITDA increased 4%, as improved volume and price as well as higher
equity affiliate income, due to better results in Mexico, were partially offset
by increased costs. While the team remains focused on driving productivity, we
continue to see higher transportation and maintenance costs.

EBITDA margin, excluding the impact of energy pass-through
was up 50 basis points. Sequentially, planned customer maintenance outages
negatively impacted both hydrogen volumes and maintenance costs. Excluding the
impact of energy pass-through, sequential EBITDA margin was down 130 basis
points.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 18
for a review of our EMEA results. Sales were up 2%, primarily driven by 1%
better volumes and 2% higher price. The 6% higher energy pass-through was
offset by unfavorable currency and the contract modification in India. As Scott
mentioned, this change to a tolling agreement reduces sales and volumes, but
has no profit impact. Price and volume were both up for the quarter as we
continue to see solid demand in the merchant market and positive results from
our pricing actions. Merchant price grew 4% for the quarter. We did not see any
negative impacts associated with the Brexit uncertainty during this quarter.

EBITDA was nearly flat as positive volume and price were
offset primarily by negative currency. EBITDA margin was 31.6%, down 70 basis
points. Excluding the impact of higher energy pass-through, EBITDA margin was
up 80 basis points, primarily due to the India plant contract change.
Sequentially, volumes were down on seasonality. Price was slightly positive,
but rounded to flat. The EBITDA decrease was primarily due to currency and a
reduction in equity affiliate income following a seasonally strong fourth
quarter in our Italy joint venture.

Now please turn to Slide 19 for a brief comment on our
Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment
business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales and EBITDA
declined due to lower project activity as we approach the conclusion of the
Jazan ASU sale of equipment project. We continue to expect the Jazan ASU
project onstream in phases in fiscal 2019, and as previously communicated, we
expect the Jazan ASU overall to be a headwind for FY '19 versus FY '18.

Now please turn to Slide 20 for a brief comment on our
Corporate segment, which includes our LNG business, our helium container
business and our corporate costs. Sales and profits were about flat compared to
prior year with no significant change in the LNG business. We continue to be
optimistic about future prospects for the LNG business, but have not yet seen
the industry optimism translate into firm orders.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. As you all know very
well, we are living in a very uncertain world today. Air Products can't predict
or control worldwide political or economic developments, but we do have control
over our operational performance and our growth investments, and we are
confident we will continue to deliver on the commitments we have made despite
the world events.

We have not seen any material impact on Air Products at this
point from these global uncertainties, as demonstrated by our results in the
first quarter.

Our team around the world continues to be very excited about
Air Products' future. Our Five-Point Strategic Plan provides the framework to
drive our success going forward. And our safety, productivity and operating
performance continue to provide the foundation for our continued growth. We
have the financial capacity, the opportunities and the team to successfully win
key growth projects.

Now please turn to Slide #21. We are all working hard every
day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company
in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Despite increased
economic and political uncertainty, our guidance for the fiscal year 2019
remains unchanged and is in a range of $8.05 to $8.30 per share. And despite
currency headwinds, at midpoint, our guidance represents 10% growth over our
very strong fiscal year 2018 performance.

For quarter 2 of fiscal year 2019, our earnings per share
guidance is $1.80 to $1.90, at midpoint, up 8% over last year. We continue to
expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.5
billion for fiscal year 2019.

And finally, please turn to Slide #22. As always, our real
competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we
have at Air Products. This is what allows us to continue to generate our
superior safety and operational performance. I want to thank all of our 16,000
people around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and for
embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working
together.

Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll first hear from
Don Carson of Susquehanna.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: You commented that you can't control economic
events, obviously, but could you sort of do a walk around the world just in
terms of what you're seeing in your base business given that we're hearing that
in many regions industrial production is slowing?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. I'll start from Asia. We continue
to see very good growth in countries, like Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, Indonesia,
all of those countries -- India, all of those countries. With respect to China,
we have not seen any slowdown yet. The only thing that concerns us, and we are
keeping an eye on it, is how is the Lunar New Year in China play out. That
means that our people going to take longer shutdowns because of the way that
the Chinese New Year is kind of situated calendar wise, that people will take
longer weekends or a longer -- that is the only thing that we are watching. And
quite frankly, that is one of the reasons that contrary to our usual practice, we
have given you a guidance of $0.10 rather than $0.05 of spread for this
quarter. So that is -- as I said, we have not seen any significant slowdown in
our business in China, but the Lunar New Year and how it plays can have an
effect, and that is why we were -- we can say that we are conservative in our
guidance for the quarter.

The rest of Asia is doing very well, as I said. When we come
in Europe. Europe is flat. Again, the concern that we have is with all of the
turmoil with respect to Brexit, what would be the effect in the next few months
on the pound exchange rate and also the business in -- our business in the
United Kingdom? As you know, we have a big business there. So that is again
another reason why we were conservative in our estimate for the second quarter.

In the United States, things have not changed since we have
talked last time. There is a slowdown of industrial production, but we do not
see any material impact on our results, and that is why we are not changing our
overall estimate for the year. We do expect a stronger second half than the
first half because of some of the projects and pricing actions that we have
taken, and that is why we remain very confident about the guidance that we have
given for the year.

In addition, I also have to add that things remain very,
very negative in Latin America, but that's not the big part of our business.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: Okay. And then a quick follow-up. I
noticed on Slide 13, your price cost gap narrowed considerably. It was only
$0.01 negative delta versus $0.14 last quarter. So how are you able to narrow
that delta specifically on the cost side where it was only a $0.06 drag this
quarter versus $0.16 last quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, as you recall, in the last call, I
was very transparent about my dissatisfaction with our cost performance. So
obviously, everybody took that to heart, and we have worked very hard on
productivity to improve our cost position. And we hope to see that number
improving as we go forward. So we have taken action, Don.

OPERATOR: And next we'll hear from Christopher Parkinson of
Crédit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Given the circumstances, your result in
Asia was pretty solid. Can you just parse out the key volume drivers outside of
Lu'An as well as your intermediate term expectations post the New Year? Just
that and any quick views on the merchant market operates, et cetera, would be
helpful.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, sure. Obviously, Lu'An was about
10% of the growth. But the rest of the growth we are reporting Asia results.
The rest of the growth is coming from, as I said, China despite what everybody
said slowdown and slowdown, but they are growing at 6.6%. So we see the benefit
of that in our merchant business. But in addition, as I said, countries like
Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia, Malaysia, they are doing very well and they
contributed to our positive results.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: I would just add also that this is
also an area that we saw good cost improvement, as Seifi mentioned earlier, and
nice cost performance in the quarter too.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: That's helpful. Perfect. And then
also just -- you mentioned planned refinery outages in North America affecting
results, but this was also a theme last year. So regarding the year-on-year
comp, can you just comment if the planned downtime was in line with your
initial expectations? And then also just what are your updated views on
hydrogen demands in intermediate to long term in the U.S., globally, et cetera?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. First of all, the planned outages
are totally in line with expectations. These are -- as we grow our business,
and we have more and more hydrogen plants, obviously, the turnaround -- there
are more turnarounds to deal with. But there is nothing out of line. They are
all in accordance with our expectation. There is nothing unexpected that has
happened. With respect to hydrogen demand, obviously, a significant driver for
our hydrogen demand in the U.S. is how many miles people drive and the gasoline
demand, but that has -- continues to remain stable. As for the future, as you
know, we have announced 2 new hydrogen plants that we're going to build, liquid
hydrogen plants. We see significant growth opportunities for liquid hydrogen.
And in terms of so-called gases hydrogen, there are projects being discussed in
the United States, in the Gulf Coast and other areas that would require
significant amounts of hydrogen for the production of chemicals, and we will,
obviously, participate on that. So overall, we remain very positive.

OPERATOR: Next we'll hear from Robert Koort of Goldman
Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: It strikes me that over the last couple of years, you've moved towards
may be derisking or like, improving the stability of the organization by some
of the divestitures you've made and then enhancing some of these large
gasification projects, and yet your multiple continues to go in the wrong
direction. So I'm wondering, can you help frame sort of your competitive
advantage, and what it means to have such a significant onsite presence and
sort of how you see that developing, and what it means to the volatility of
your business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, first of all, thank you for your
comment. We definitely have moved in the direction of stabilizing the business,
getting the company focused on the right business and significantly enhancing
our onsite presence because that is a much more stable business. And we have
changed our business model to get into syngas production. There, we see
significant opportunity. We do have a lot of cash on hand. We have a very
strong balance sheet. And with the acquisition of the technologies from Shell
and GE and others, we are in a very strong position to be the leader in
gasification. And there are many, many, many opportunities.

As for the why our multiple? I'm not selling Air Products
stock. I mean, my job is to articulate our strategy and tell our investors what
we are doing and then they will decide the multiples. I think the market is
underestimating our ability to deploy the cash. And I also understand that
there is a lot of concern about gasification. It's a new area. There was a lot
of concern when we announced Lu'An about what is this, do you know how to run
gasifiers and all of that. I'm hoping that as we go forward, we demonstrate
that we can run these facilities. And as we sign more large deals, which will
significantly strengthen our portfolio, that the investors will give us due consideration
in time. As I said, my job is not to argue about the multiple. My job is to
explain and articulate our strategy. And I think in time, the investors will
see where we are as compared to our competitors.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: I appreciate that. Can I ask you very
briefly on the Shell technology? You guys have mentioned applying that may be
to help solve some of the high-sulfur residue streams as companies try to
adhere to the IMO 2020 standards and 2020 is pretty close. Is that something
that looks like there is some development there or is it getting pushed out? Is
this a meaningful opportunity or just something maybe on the periphery for that
business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, it is a meaningful opportunity. The
best example of that is the $8 billion project that we are doing in Saudi
Arabia. That is all about taking the bottom of the refinery and gasifying it
and upgrading it, because they wouldn't be able to sell that to the market for
fueling the ships. So that is the best example. This opportunity is great.
There is a great opportunity. The issue is that a lot of people are not taking
action because they are hoping that the implementation of IMO 20 (sic) [IMO
2020] will be delayed. And as I'm sure you know, there is a lot of lobbying
going on by some of the industry in the United States to do that. But in the
long term, that is going to be a good -- a significant opportunity, yes.

OPERATOR: And next we will hear from Jeff Zekauskas of
JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: In the different slides, you spoke about merchant
pricing being up 3% in the Americas, 3% in Asia, 4% in EMEA. But the actual
price in the slides for each of the geographic segments is lower. It's 2% in
the Americas, 1% in Asia and 2% in Europe. What accounts for the difference?
What's pushing down that price level? And in the overall slide that describes
price, it seems that costs are going up faster than price. Is that the right
comparison or is there a real price benefit and the costs are more internal or
having to do with turnarounds or something like that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, I will have Scott answer the
question that you had asked. But on the cost side, the cost side is related to
increasing our capabilities. But I'd like Scott to answer your first question.
Go ahead.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Jeff, thanks for the question. So one
of the things we introduced in the last quarter or so is a -- what we refer to
it as a merchant-on-merchant price increase and price change. So as you know,
Air Products has a large percentage of our portfolio or 50% in onsites. So when
we go through the slides, we'll do price over the entire business, of which 2/3
or so in the U.S. is tonnage. So we felt that's the 1% -- the 1% for AP, the 1%
for Asia and 2% for Americas and 2% for EMEA, that's over the total portfolio
of those businesses. What we thought would be helpful is also, additionally,
provide you with a merchant-on-merchant that looks at the price change, in this
case, increase so to Air Products 3%, Asia 3%, 4% and 4% for Americas, EMEA
price increase on the merchant business. So it provides a little bit more
insight as to what's going on, on that portion of the business as opposed to
spread across the entire company. Hopefully, I was clear on that.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Is that clear, Jeff?

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Yes, that's clear. And then for my
follow-up. Is it the case that your pension costs this year will drop about $65
million from $90 million to $25 million or so? And when I looked at your income
statement, the noncontrolling interest was $9.5 million, I think, versus $6.9
million last year. And I would have thought the noncontrolling interest number
would have been larger given that Lu'An is now onstream and is quite
profitable. Is there something eccentric in noncontrolling interest number and
what is it up to?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jeff, Scott can address those things. We
have talked about that. He has all the details.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. So first on pension. We expect
to have a little bit of a drop this year versus last year on pension, maybe for
the year, total pension expense, and let me put it that way. Maybe it's like
$30 million or so from an expense perspective. And by the way, I know, Jeff,
you're always interested in the cash flow statement. Our contributions for the
pension should be in the same line. So we think noncash expense versus
contribution on the pensions to be about a wash and call it $30 million and
change. Then in terms of noncontrolling interest. You are right that Lu'An was
the biggest part of it. Recognizing that we have, I think, it was in the third
quarter of last year, we had a Pure Air adjustment. That was a little bit of an
anomaly because of the way that, that arrangement was canceled. But I think going
forward, we would expect to see -- by the way the other, we also have a venture
with a minority position over in Asia as well, so that's going to move around
the noncontrolling interest. But the biggest item in there is going to be Lu'An
going forward.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Was pension expense $90 million last
year?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Bear with me a second. Including a
bunch of the non-GAAP stuff that we had in there, I think it was up about that
level. Now my comments here are around the -- kind of the ongoing underlying to
be -- it was a little bit lower than that. But an all-in was something in that
order.

OPERATOR: Next, we will hear from Vincent Andrews of Morgan
Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: If I could just ask on the price cost equation. This was mentioned
before, you're down to sort of a negative $0.01 in the fiscal first quarter.
Should we anticipate, as we move through the balance of the year, that price is
going to exceed cost inflation or is it going to stay kind of the way things
are?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That is our goal, Vincent.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: But do you think, you're going to
achieve it?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We always want to see the price increase
than cost increase. That is our goal, yes.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. And if I could ask you on the
dividend, and I'll preface this by noting that you've almost a 3% yield and
you're a dividend aristocrat. But the increase this year was a lot less than
last couple of years and it's less than sort of the EPS growth that you're
anticipating. So I'm just wondering if there is any particular reason the
dividend increase wasn't larger.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. We have promised the investors, and
we keep our promise that our dividend will be 2.5% to 3% of the stock price.
And we right now increased the dividend to be at around 3%. So if next quarter
the stock price goes up significantly, which, obviously, we hope so, then we
will increase the dividend. That is the guiding principle.

OPERATOR: Steve Byrne of Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Is it reasonable to assume that the incremental
EBITDA margin on Lu'An is well above 50%? And would it have been even better if
you had built the gasifier rather than buying it?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Steve, how do you want me to answer
that question without giving a lot of information to our competitors, which is
not necessary? Obviously, you are very right that EBITDA margin on that
business is over 50%, actually a lot better than 50%, yes.

STEVE BYRNE: And Seifi, what drives the attractiveness of
the gasifier that you have the intellectual property that gives you an edge?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Absolutely. The fact that beyond the
technology, we have inherited the people who know what the hell they are doing,
and we were able to take over those gasifiers and run them very efficiently, a
lot more efficiently than they were otherwise run. And that is why the
profitability is higher because we are creating value for our partners because
we are running that plant very efficiently. And obviously, as a result, we are
seeing the good results. Yes, owning the Shell technology is by far the biggest
competitive advantage that we have, and also the GE technology. That is putting
us in 2 advantages: number one, we know what we are doing, but number two,
owning these technologies is giving us visibility to projects way before
everybody knows about it. Because if somebody is thinking about a project 10
years from now, the first thing they do, as you know, in the FEED study and all
of that, they select the technology. Therefore, they talk to us way before they
even have a project or announce a project or issue a request for quotation. So
we end up having a 3-, 4-, 5-year head start on our competitors.

STEVE BYRNE: And this plant that was a forced shutdown in
China by the government, do we -- should we assume that was an older plant that
didn't have a take-or-pay contract?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That plant which was shut down has
nothing to do with gasification. As you know, it's a seed plant. It's a plant
that we have been supplying oxygen to since 2005. And that plant was in the
middle of a city. So it is not a surprise that in time, the city grows and
therefore, that plant either has to move or get shutdown. So right now, that
plant has been shut down. We did have a take-or-pay contract on that. But the
take-or-pay contract, obviously, at the end of the day, if the plant is shut
down, is force majeure, and you have to deal with that. But that's not the
material part of our business. And in the future, do we have other plants who
are in the middle of cities that might be shut down, smaller plants, that can
happen too.

OPERATOR: Next we'll hear from Kevin McCarthy of Vertical
Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: Seifi, you indicated that you are very confident in your ability to deploy
capital into high-return projects. Can you elaborate on that? Is it the case
that you've got such a target-rich environment that even if macroeconomics
don't cooperate, you've got plenty to choose from on the menu. And then second,
can you give us an update on the Yankuang gasification project, and what the
timing of that looks like these days?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Kevin, thank you very much for your good
questions. Number one, with respect to opportunities. The opportunities that we
are working on, these gasification projects, they are not driven by the
economy. They are driven by the strategic decision by countries, like China,
India, Indonesia, Uzbekistan and all of these other key places to become
independent of oil. They have the core resources and they want to convert that
to chemicals. So as a result, the reason I'm very confident is because currently
we are working on more than 52 of these projects. So if they are materialized,
it would require $70 billion of investment. So we are -- we have positioned
ourselves properly. We have chosen the technology. We have the people, and we
are well positioned, and we have the cash to invest. And therefore, that is
what makes me confident. And whatever happens to the economy, I think these
countries will need to do these projects in order to become independent
strategically from oil. So that -- with respect to the Yankuang project, that
project is a huge project. It's about a $12 billion project. And we are working
on that with Yankuang in trying to develop that. There are, obviously,
environmental issues, investment issues and all of that. And we expect that
project to be onstream somewhere in -- around 2022. And we will give you an
update as we go forward.

STEVE BYRNE: And secondly, if I may. Can you talk about the
modification of your contract in India? I imagine, if you're moving to a
tolling arrangement, we should expect your sales to decline and your margins to
rise so that there is no net profit impact to your EMEA segment. I guess, a, is
that correct, and b, if possible, maybe you can comment on some of those
effects in terms of magnitude.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: First of all, you are analyzing it
absolutely correctly that when it becomes a tolling change, then the price of
natural gas is not put into our sales, and therefore, it will reduce our sales,
but improve our margin with no effect on the bottom line. The reason that, that
has happened is that our partner in India had found a way that if they do it
that way, it is beneficial to them from a tax point of view. And obviously from
our point of view, this will get the same BFC, it doesn't change. But in terms
of the optics for the results, you are right, it decreases sales and increases
the margins. Is that okay?

OPERATOR: P.J. Juvekar of Citi has our next question.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So you've got good merchant-on-merchant
pricing. Can you just review merchant utilization rates around the world? I
think last year you had mentioned that China utilization was close to 90%. Is
that still the case? And this good pricing that you saw, which end markets or
which industries were you able to raise prices to?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: P.J., first of all, if I may just go
around the world. China, if you take all of China, the utilization rate is only
about 56%, 57%. But there are -- China is a very big country, there are pockets
in China that where our utilization is about 90%, 92%, and that is what is
giving us the pricing power. Utilization rates in Europe are still at around
75%, 76%, and the same thing is in the United States. But again, even in Europe
or in the U.S., there are pockets, as you know, industrial gases, the merchant
business is very, very local. So we can be -- have another capacity in
California, but no capacity in Pennsylvania. So we, obviously, analyze these
things in detail and take action as appropriate. With respect to the end
markets, there is no specific end market that is driving this. It is just the
utilization of the plant in the specific geography that you are located.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay. And then secondly, Seifi, you haven't
been buying back stock. And I know the preference is to invest in high-return
projects. But why not buy back some stock, which gives you flexibility to take
advantage of any market dislocation?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are not buying stock, and we don't
plan to buy stock because we think, if you do the math that you can do better
than I do, if you have projects like Lu'An to invest, the return for the
investors is a lot higher than us going and wasting that cash on giving money
to a bunch of people who are going to go away and will not be a longer-term
shareholder. So it is a very economic decision. If -- I think people who buy
stock are people who have run out of steam in terms of growth, and therefore,
the only way that they can make shareholders happy is to announce big stock
buyback programs. We have the opportunity to invest our money in projects that
in the long term will generate or have a lot more value for our shareholders
than buying back stock. And as you know, I'm a big shareholder, and I'm very
passionate about this because I want to make money -- more money in the long
term, not to get cash this afternoon and then disappear.

OPERATOR: Next, we'll hear from Duffy Fischer of Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR & SENIOR CHEMICAL
ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Question just on Lu'An. Now that
it's up and running for 3 months, how was it running, number one, what lessons
learned have you had from that? And then, second one is just, have you closed
the GE deal yet?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: For your first question, I am -- I don't
want to jinx ourselves, so I'm going to be knocking on with it a little bit.
The Lu'An project operation is going very well. All 4 gasifiers are running at
capacity. Our customer has the need for the product. Their business is doing
very well. They are taking all of the syngas and converting it to chemicals and
selling it and making money. So up to now it has been very positive. I am very,
very, very proud of our team down there. We have something like 400 people
working on this gasifier and running it every day. And we have -- as I have
always been telling investors, we know how to run process plants. If you run a
hydrogen plant, you should be able to run a gasifier. But I have to say that
the acquisition of the Shell technology and having those people on our team has
significantly helped us to be able to do that. So on that -- from that point of
view, it is -- we are doing very well. With respect to the GE, we have closed
the GE, yes. And we are in the process of -- yes, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Next question from Jim Sheehan of SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: What is your outlook for the LNG business in
the second half of the year, please?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Jim, as you know, these -- our LNG
business is the kind of business that you either get a big contract or you
don't get a big contract. So I don't want to make too much of a prediction
here, but the signs are positive. That means that it is possible that we would
be awarded some additional contracts. And that is one of the reasons that maybe
we are a little bit more optimistic about confirming our results. But these
things are not done until they are done. There are a lot of projects on the
drawing board, as you know. And if anything happens, we will, obviously, make
appropriate announcement. But I have to say that I'm more optimistic today than
I was 6 months ago.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Great. And in your full year
guidance, what are you guys assuming for the corporate segment, please?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: In terms of what, Jim? Costs...

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Yes, in terms of your incremental
change from fiscal 2018 to 2019. Just trying to get some color on how to model
the corporate segment.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I think that the corporate segment
in terms of the cost of running the company on a day-to-day basis are finance
department, legal department, IT department and all of that. You know how we
operate. You shouldn't expect much of a change there. I mean, that is going to
be as steady with no significant increases. As far as any kind of plant sale
that we might have, that would show up in that sector or our LNG business and
all of that, I think, for your model, assume flat and then anything that
happens would be good news.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from John Roberts of UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Scott, for
the $6.3 billion in commitments on Page 15 or the approximate $7 billion on
Page 21, whichever one you want, could you remind us roughly of the pace at
which the cash will go out the door against the commitment?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: It's going to come in -- John, it's
going to be coming in different methods so to speak, right? So if it's in -- if
it's an asset buyback and that is going to come in a big check. If it's a
organic project, these are large, particularly, the big gasification projects,
the spending curve can be 3, 4 years. And so it will be lumpy, so to speak,
driven by the nature of the project itself, whether it's an asset purchase or
an organic.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: But as a rule of thumb, I think you
should assume -- this year, we are saying we will spend about $2.5 billion. I
think you should assume that in the next few years that number will go to about
$3.5 billion every year.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: That's helpful. And then on Slide
13, the $0.06 unfavorable cost. Scott talked about a lot of things like
technology, engineering, business development. Is that primarily in the
Americas Gases segment or is a significant part of that over in Global Gases as
well?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It is cost increases related to when we
buy Shell technology, when we buy the technology of GE, we get a lot of people.
We are pursuing, as I told you, more than 50 gasification projects. So that's
another almost 100 people that you have to put in there in order to develop
these projects. Those are the costs in terms of the section where you see that
is -- Scott, do you want to?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes. That will be in corporate and
spread around depending on the nature of these costs that we're building our
capability. But, John, the other item is the maintenance. The planned
customers' outages. So that's in that number as well, and that's largely an
Americas comment with the planned hike returns.

OPERATOR: Next, we'll hear from John McNulty of BMO Capital
Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: Seifi, you highlighted a big backlog or at least potential backlog on
gasification projects. And I know in the past, you've targeted 10% returns on
capital. As you become more evidently the kind of partner of choice, you've got
greater experience doing this, you've built up the technology, do you see risk
to the upside in terms of how to think about the returns on capital for future
projects? And how should we be thinking about that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, John, we have said that our minimum
requirement is 10%. But if you can get a project at 25%, we will do that. So I
think your analysis is exactly correct that as we become the partner of choice,
we should be able to command higher price. And obviously, there is another
dynamic that if our competitors are announcing $6 billion share buyback, then I
assume they don't have the money to compete in these projects, which would put
us in a better position.

OPERATOR: David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just on the merchant price in the Americas,
the plus 4%. Are you seeing competitors support for the pricing? And has there
been any impact from the Linde merger on pricing dynamics in the industry?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, the Linde merger is
not closed, David, as you know. So there is certainly no impact from that. But
as you know, in general, competitors, pricing, and so on, I have my lawyer
looking at me and saying don't say anything, considering nature of the
industry. So I apologize for not being able to comment on that. I shouldn't
comment on that.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Obviously. And just on the guidance for
you, Seifi, what do you need to do or see happen to get to the upper half of
the guidance range for this year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think what would help us is Lunar New
Year shutdown in China, which is normal rather than being longer, stabilization
of the discussions on Brexit and making sure that our business in U.K. doesn't
suffer and better, hopefully, a few orders for the LNG, that would help too.

OPERATOR: Next, we'll hear from Mike Sison of KeyBanc.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, MD & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, you had mentioned that
you feel confident Air Products can continue to grow at 10% annually for some
time. And you've talked positively about gasification. Is there a way to help
us understand what -- of that 10%, how much gasification can support in terms
of growth over the next couple of years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, if all of the projects that we are
talking about, gasification actually materialize, and we deploy the capital
that we are talking about, we will grow a lot better than 10%. The 10% -- if we
look at the conventional industrial gas business worldwide and consider that,
that business will grow with the GDP worldwide, therefore, you can't expect
much more than 3% to 4% growth every year. So when we say 10%, we expect at
least 6% from gasification and larger projects. But as I said, if we can
actually implement and deploy the capital and have 10 more projects like Lu'An,
then we will grow a lot better than 10%.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Got it. And then as a quick follow-up,
if you had your choice, which you probably do, when you think about the capital
deployment, is it preferable to spend all the capital in gasification versus
historical ASUs? And maybe talk about that concept going forward.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'm glad you asked the question. We
remain totally committed to our core business. We are going to invest as much
as we possibly can in our merchant business, in our standard gas generators,
our hydrogen business and all of that. So the gasification is not taking
anything away from that. We will be as aggressive and as enthusiastic in
investing in our core business. Gasification is on top of that. But
gasification is not going to take away from our focus on our normal business.
We are not going to concede any market share anywhere in the world in our
LOX/LIN, LAR business, our helium business, our hydrogen business, and we will
invest in those businesses as appropriate. All we are saying is that those
businesses fundamentally are not going to grow much better than GDP, and
therefore, you need to have another vehicle in order to meet our ambitious goal
of delivering more than 10%, and we have found that vehicle to be gasification
and very large projects.

OPERATOR: Next, we'll hear from Mike Harrison of Seaport
Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST, SEAPORT
GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, we've talked a little bit
about the merchant business, and you talked a little bit about utilization. I
was wondering if you can talk about your approach to merchant capacity in North
America. We've seen you announce some merchant ASUs in Ohio, New York,
Minnesota. Any details on which end markets or customer dynamics are driving
the need for more capacity? And what kind of utilization rates would you expect
on those plants once they get up and running?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Mike, that's a very good question.
We remain committed as we have always been to make sure that our customers have
access to competitive product. So the way we approach this thing is that -- I
mean, this is our business every day. When we look at that area, and we see
that we are operating at 90% and the market is growing, we obviously go on the
merchant plant in order to make sure we can supply the market. And then when we
see an area like in Minnesota where there is really very few competitors
competing in there and the market is growing, then it is appropriate for us to
go and build the plant. So our approach is focused on meeting the demands of
our customers and making sure they have access to product.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And then I was also
hoping to get an update on the helium market. I know that you recently
announced an agreement with Sonatrach in Algeria. Any comments on the growth or
pricing dynamics you're seeing in helium?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Helium is, obviously, a very rare
commodity. There are not that many places where you can produce it. And we are
the largest helium producer in the world. So we are very committed, again, to
meet the demands of our customers. And therefore, we develop helium opportunities
anywhere in the world that we can possibly do. We have been operating in
Algeria for many years, and we saw an opportunity to be able to expand our
operation there and to make helium available to our customers. We are very
proud that right now, as we speak, we are the only helium producer in the world
who has not declared force majeure. I think we are very committed on that. We
always make sure that we have supply for our customers. So the helium business
is growing. There is significant amount of rocket launches that require helium.
There is significant amount of growth in medical use for MRI machines and all
of that. And Air Products as the leader of the helium business worldwide is
committed to make sure that we have product for our customers.

OPERATOR: Laurence Alexander of Jefferies has our next
question.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a quick one. Can you give a sense for
how much your backlog has gone up, excluding the gasification projects, given
the number of announcements that were made during the quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: During the quarter, it hasn't gone up
that much because we haven't announced too many projects. But overall the
backlog for our standard business is somewhere in the order of about $1.5
billion and that hasn't changed significantly.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: Okay. And for the commitments on the
gasification side. Are those at this point basically fixed or will you have
some wiggle room in terms of project financing and other ways to maybe reduce
the capital investments or the capital outlay by your products for the stakes?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We look at those -- that issue on a
project by project basis in terms of where it is and all of that. So, as you
know, when we announced the Jazan -- the big project in Saudi Arabia, we said
that, that project is going to be order of magnitude more than $8 billion, and
on that front, we are going to use 40% equity and 60% project finance. So it's
very much driven by the specific project and the nature of the project. But
when it comes to a project like Jiutai in China, where the capital requirement
is $700 million, we do that 100% corporate finance. It's very project-driven.

We have time for another question. We have significantly run
over time. So can we have one other question, please?

OPERATOR: Absolutely. Our final question for today will come
from Jonas Oxgaard of Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So to go from that positive attitude to a
less-positive question, perhaps. If you can return to that plant in China that
you closed down and in which the take-or-pay was voided by a force majeure. In
the past when you talked about the gasification plants and the potential risk of
China closing down gasification because of coal usage, the answer has always
been, the take-or-pays are there to protect us. So was there something unique
about this particular one? Or how should I think about this in the grander
context?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think you shouldn't. The 2 are not
comparable. I mean, the reason that the plant in -- the Guofeng plant was shut
down was because it was in the middle of the city. The city is growing, and
obviously, the steel plant is an older steel plant and it is not equipped with
all of the latest technology, and they didn't have the money to do that, so the
government shut them down. The gasification plants that we are building are not
in populated areas. They are significant projects, which are related to significant
$10 billion, $12 billion investment for chemical production and the possibility
of those things being shut down for -- they are actually being built because
they are environmentally friendly. So there is really kind of no comparison on
the -- between the 2.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. But if they were to be shut down,
then the take-or-pays would be voided?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, my friend, it's just like saying
that if there is war in Venezuela, they come and take over your plants, like it
has happened to Exxon before. So those are the kind of things that force
majeure works both ways because we want to be protected that in case the
government -- we have a plan supplying a steel plant and something goes wrong
with our plan and they come and say, you can't operate, we can't be liable to
the customer to kind of supply them oxygen because we are under force majeure
situation. Or when air compressor blows up in a plant, which we have had
situations like that, we declare force majeure so that we don't get sued by the
customer for not supplying them oxygen to run their -- or hydrogen to run their
refinery. So that works both ways. That's kind of a standard in the contract.

Okay. With that, I would like to thank everybody for being
on the call. Thanks for taking time from your very busy schedule. And we
appreciate your interest in our company. Thank you for the very good questions
that allows us to kind of articulate our results, and we look forward to
talking to you next quarter with, hopefully, better results. Thank you very
much.

OPERATOR: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you
all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012519a12249986.786










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); ESTATE, GIFT & TRUST LAW (88%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (77%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(76%); LAWYERS (66%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(69%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA)
(83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (71%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE
(91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED
WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS551111
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS523999
MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL
BANKS (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); SIC6021 NATIONAL
COMMERCIAL BANKS (71%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES
(70%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES & AGENCY ACCOUNTS (69%); NAICS525110
PENSION FUNDS (69%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); BANKING
& FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG
(90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS
(90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); CONFERENCE CALLS (78%); REAL
ESTATE (78%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (77%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%);
LAWYERS (66%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 January 28, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

November
6, 2018 Tuesday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 10011 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Jonas I. Oxgaard

Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael James Leithead

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Peter Osterland

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Associate

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products.

Please note that this presentation and the comments made on
behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air Products and all rights
are reserved.

Beginning today's call, Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, April. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products' Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is
Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined
today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure
that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide #2.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
Thank you for joining us on our call today. We do appreciate your interest in
Air Products.

For the quarter and the year, the talented, committed and
motivated team at Air Products delivered another excellent set of safety and
financial results. Our full year adjusted earnings per share of $7.45 is up
18%. This is the highest annual EPS in Air Products' history and our fourth consecutive
year of double-digit growth. Our record quarterly adjusted earnings per share
of $2 is up 14% versus last year. I'd like to remind everybody that this is the
18th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year quarterly earnings
per share growth.

We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial
gas company in the world with an EBITDA margin of about 35%.

We have the strongest financial position in our industry.
This allows us to continue to commit a significant amount of capital to grow
Air Products into the future.

We generated over $10 per share of distributable cash flow
this year and returned about 40% of that, or almost $900 million to our
investors via dividend.

Our team continues to prove their ability to execute the
largest and most complex projects in the history of our industry, successfully
completing megaprojects in India, Saudi Arabia, China and the United States.
And most importantly, we have a great team of dedicated, talented and committed
people at Air Products who stay focused on working hard every day to serve our
customers and create value for our shareholders.

Now please turn to Slide #3. We continue to improve our
safety results with a reduction of 75% in our lost time injury rate and a
reduction of 50% in our recordable injury rate. These results can only happen
when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are committed to safety and
continuous improvement.

On Slide #4, you can see our goal for the company: to be the
safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company in the world,
providing excellent service to our customers.

Now please turn to Slide #5. You can see our overall
management philosophy that we have talked to you about many times over the last
4 years. But it is worth repeating because we continue to be focused on
shareholder value, capital allocation and an empowered and decentralized
organization.

Now please turn to Slide #6. This is our updated Five-Point
Plan that I have shared with you last quarter. We remain focused on sustaining
our lead in safety and operational performance. We see tremendous opportunities
to deploy capital in value-creating projects in our core industrial gas
business, primarily in our onsite business. Scott will take you through the
numbers, but let me provide you a quick overview of our progress.

In fiscal year 2018, we have spent about $1.5 billion on
just the growth projects, including M&A. In addition, we have more than $6
billion remaining to spend on our already committed future investment
opportunities.

You have heard Scott and I emphasize many times that we are
committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted A/A2
rating. At that rating, we believe we have almost $14 billion remaining
available to invest, including debt capacity today and investable cash flow
over the next 4 years. So we have already spent or committed about half of the
total $15 billion available over the next 5-year period of fiscal year '18 to
fiscal year '22. This is great progress so far, and I remain very confident and
I repeat, very confident, of our ability to deploy the rest of this capital
into high-return industrial gas projects that generate significant value for
our shareholders.

The fourth point of our plan is to continue to further
improve our 4S culture, meaning safety, simplicity, speed and self-confidence.
And we are working to create an environment where our committed and motivated
team brings their positive attitudes and open minds to work every day. And
finally, we do have a higher purpose to create an open and diverse environment
for all of our people so that everyone feels that they belong and their
contribution is valued.

Let me be clear, this is Air Products' Five-Point Plan and
we remain focused on executing this strategy regardless of what others may do
in our industry. Our goal is not to be the biggest, but to be the best
industrial gas company.

Now please turn to Slide #7 for a summary of our fiscal year
accomplishments. I want to thank the very hard-working teams who have
successfully executed some of the largest projects in the history of our
industry. We completed the first year of operation of the large industrial gas
complex for BPCL Refinery in Kochi, India. This project took more than 10
million man hours to build, and we did this without any safety incidents. The
facility has successfully supplied hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen and steam that
enables BPCL to produce cleaner fuels.

We reached a critical milestone as the largest air
separation unit project in the history of our industry attained mechanical
completion. The Jazan, Saudi Arabia Air Separation Unit complex was completed
with 0 lost time injuries in 25 million man hours of work, a tremendous
accomplishment by the team, particularly given the remote location and local
climate challenges. Just to put that in context for you, that is equivalent to
over 1,000 people working over 10 years with no lost time injuries. We expect
the 6 air separation units to come on stream in 2019.

We successfully closed and started up the Lu'An China Air
Separation Unit and Gasifier joint venture, which has successfully been
supplying syngas to Lu'An for their chemical production. The plant is fully
operational with all 4 gasifiers in service. This is a great accomplishment for
our China team, and I congratulate and thank them for a job well done.

In June, we held a ribbon-cutting event for our new
world-class steam methane reformer in Baytown, Texas that provides CO and
hydrogen to Covestro and other customers along our Gulf Coast pipeline network.
It's great to see these projects starting up and contributing to our growth,
but most importantly, it demonstrates to our customers and our employees that
Air Products can be counted on to successfully deliver on our commitments,
safely building and operating large complicated projects that provide critical
gas supply to our customers.

Our proven reliability and successful execution of these
projects helped us to win additional projects in China, Korea, India, Louisiana
and Texas for customers in the electronics, chemical and manufacturing markets.
One of these is for Eastman in Kingsport, Tennessee, where we have been
successfully supplying oxygen and nitrogen to their cold gasifiers for 35
years.

We continue to commit to world-class engineering and
technology resources where we need them around the world, including Saudi
Arabia, India and China. These are in addition to our existing engineering and
technology capabilities in the U.S., U.K. and China.

And in January, we announced a $0.15 dividend increase, the largest
in the company's history. This 16% increase marks the 36th consecutive year Air
Products has increased our dividend. In fiscal year '18, we shared about 40% of
our distributable cash flow, or about $900 million with our investors via the
dividend.

And with our focus on creating our own growth opportunities,
we continue to successfully execute on our gasification strategy, so please
turn to the next slide, Slide #8. Gasification is a process that has been in
existence for many years, and Air Products has been involved in this market for
many years. The process basically use oxygen plus coal, liquids or natural gas
to produce synthetic gas, which is a combination of carbon monoxide and
hydrogen. This syngas can then be used to produce chemicals, diesel fuel,
high-end olefins, polymers, hydrogen and/or power. Gasification has significant
benefits that it enables an environmentally friendly way to use lower-value
feedstocks.

Over the last few years, Air Products was successful in
building very large air separation units to provide oxygen to customers
operating their gasifiers in China and Saudi Arabia. Over the last year, we
announced 4 large projects where Air Products will own and operate the
gasifiers and syngas cleanup and provide syngas or related products to our
customers. The key is that these projects are consistent with our onsite
business model where we don't take any raw material or product volume or price
risk.

First, I mentioned the Lu'An project that is successfully
supplying syngas to Lu'An for their chemical production. Second, in August, we
announced the $8 billion Gasifier/Power project in Jazan, Saudi Arabia, the
same site where we just finished building the world's largest air separation
unit complex. This project continues to move forward, and we continue to expect
onstream late in calendar year 2019. Third, we continue to make great progress
on the $3.5 billion air separation unit gasifier project to provide syngas to
Yankuang in Shaanxi province. We expect our ownership of the joint venture to
be 55% to 60%, with the project expected onstream in 2022. And finally, we also
announced an agreement for the first 100% Air Products gasifier project to
provide syngas to Jiutai in China, expected onstream in 2022.

A key aspect of our strategy is the critical gasification
technology. Please turn to Slide #9 for an overview of Air Products' 2
gasification technologies. We have already seen the benefits of our acquisition
and joint venture for the Shell solids and liquid gasification technology. This
is the same technology being used in the Lu'An and Jazan gasifiers. This is a
very well proven technology, with hundreds of gasifiers built over the last few
decades.

Another complement is our recent announcement yesterday to
acquire the GE gasification business and technology. The GE gasifier technology
was originally developed by Texaco and also hundreds of units built over the
last few years. We view these technologies as complementary. There are specific
feedstock and product situations for which one technology or the other is
better suited. These are technology acquisitions that put us in a better
position to win the very large gasification onsite projects in the future.

Now please turn to Slide #10, which shows the results of our
3 key metrics for the quarter. We remain committed to our goal to be the most
profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of these 3
key metrics.

Now please go to Slide #11, which has always been my
favorite slide, showing that approximately 1,000 basis points improvement in
our EBITDA margin in the last 4 years.

Finally, please turn to Slide #12. Over the last 4 years, I
have stressed the fact that we are committed to deliver at least 10% per year
growth in our EPS over the long term. You can see that we have actually
delivered 14% compounded annual growth over the last 4 years, and this year, we
delivered 18% growth. We will continue to execute our strategy that we believe
will drive our EPS by at least 10% per year on average over the coming years.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 13
for a full year results from continuing operations. Sales of almost $9 billion
increased 9% versus last year, primarily on 6% higher volumes and 1% higher
price. We saw strong volume increases across all 3 regions, partially offset by
lower activity from the Jazan project in Global Gases. Excluding Jazan, volumes
were up 10%, with about half from new plants. Versus last year, pricing was up
1%, primarily driven by our China and Europe merchant businesses. Positive
currency was driven by the euro, British pound and the Chinese RMB.

EBITDA of over $3.1 billion improved by 11%, driven by the
higher volumes, positive pricing, currency and equity affiliate income,
partially offset by higher costs. Record EBITDA margin of 34.9% was up 70 basis
points. Record adjusted earnings per share of $7.45 was up 18% versus prior
year. ROCE of 12.4% improved 30 basis points versus last year. The impact on
ROCE of our profit improvement is still moderated by the larger denominator,
which increased as a result of the gain from the PMD sale in early 2017. The FY
'18 denominator has the PMD gain in all 5 quarters, while FY '17 only has 3
quarters with the PMD gain.

Please turn to Slide 14. Our record adjusted full year
continuing operations EPS of $7.45 increased by $1.14 per share. Overall,
higher volumes increased EPS by $0.71 per share. Price and raw materials, taken
together, increased EPS by $0.16. Net cost performance was unfavorable $0.45 as
productivity was again offset by a few factors, including inflation, planned
maintenance cost and the end of the cost reimbursement for our Port Arthur CO2
capture project. We also continue to see higher costs in strategic areas
focused on pursuing exciting growth opportunities. Currency and foreign exchange
was $0.16 favorable, primarily due to the euro, British pound and the Chinese
RMB. Equity affiliate income added $0.15, primarily due to underlying
operational strength in Mexico and Italy. The overall tax rate was a $0.44
benefit versus last year, with about $0.33 from the new tax act. For both
fiscal year 2019 and Q1 FY '19, we expect the tax rate of about 20%. Finally,
we had other items that combine for a positive $0.02. This includes $0.08 from
higher nonoperating income, primarily from higher interest income. This was
somewhat offset by $0.03 higher interests and a $0.03 impact from higher shares
outstanding.

Now please turn to Slide 15. We had a very strong cash flow
year, with over $10 per share or $2.2 billion of distributable cash flow, which
is up over $300 million from prior year. From the $2.2 billion of distributable
cash flow, we paid almost $900 million or about 40% as dividends. Even with
this robust dividend, we still have over $1.3 billion available for high-return
investments in our core industrial gas business.

Slide #16 provides an update on our capital deployment, as
Seifi previously mentioned. We are making it easier for investors to understand
how much we have spent, how much we have committed and how much remains of our
capital deployment capacity. The first point is that we are tracking capital
deployment over the 5-year period of FY '18 through FY '22. As you can see, we
spent about $1.5 billion on growth projects, including M&A, but excluding
maintenance capital. In addition, we have committed, but not yet spent, almost
$6.5 billion on projects and M&A. You have heard both Seifi and I emphasize
many times the importance of managing our debt balance to maintain our current
targeted A/A2 rating. If we maintain this rating at a debt level of about 3x
the last 12 months EBITDA, we have about $8.5 billion available to invest
today. And based on the last 12 months investable cash flow, we expect to have
at least $5.5 billion over the next 4 years. Therefore, in total, we have
almost $14 billion remaining to invest. The $1.5 billion we have spent this
year and the $14 billion available gives us over $15 billion of total available
capacity from FY '18 to FY '22. So you can see, we have spent about 10% and
committed about half of the total available capacity.

Turning to Slide 17, I'll make a few comments on our
quarterly results. Sales of $2.3 billion increased 4% versus last year as
volumes were up 3% and price contributed 1%. We saw strong volume increases in
Americas and Asia, partially offset by lower activity from the Jazan project in
Global Gases. Excluding Jazan, volumes were up 6%, with about 3% from new
plants, primarily driven by the Lu'An project. Versus last year, pricing
impacted our overall sales by a positive 1%, primarily driven by China. Pricing
changes are driven by our merchant business where we saw a 3% increase. EBITDA
of $822 million improved by 7% driven by the higher volumes and equity
affiliate income, partially offset by higher costs. EBITDA margin of 35.8% was
up 90 basis points driven by the higher volume. Record adjusted quarterly
continuing operations EPS of $2 per share was up 14% versus prior year.

Please turn to Slide 18. Our adjusted EPS of $2 increased by
$0.24. Overall, higher volumes increased EPS by $0.23 per share. Net cost
performance was unfavorable $0.16 as productivity was again offset by a few
factors. In addition to the ones I had mentioned during my full year comments,
we also saw higher supply chain costs in the Americas and Asia. Equity
affiliate income added $0.04, primarily due to the underlying operating
strength in Mexico and Italy. The overall tax rate was a $0.15 benefit versus
last year. You can also see we had several non-GAAP items that totaled a $0.05
benefit for the quarter. These included a pension settlement, a valuation
change due to a change in inventory accounting policy and a few tax
reform-related items.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide
#19, Gases Asia, where we continue to deliver strong sales and profit growth,
thanks to the efforts of our excellent and committed team in Asia. Sales
increased 15% versus last year, driven by very strong volume growth and higher
prices. Volumes were up 14%, with new projects driving about 10% of the
increase, while base business and acquisitions were roughly equal to the rest.
Lu'An was a significant contributor this quarter, responsible for about half of
the total sales growth.

Pricing for the region was up 3% versus last year, the sixth
consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement. This also marked a 2%
sequential increase from the prior quarter, showing the continuing strength in
this region's merchant market, primarily in China. Strong base volumes, the
addition of Lu'An and favorable pricing drove profits and margins higher.

EBITDA increased over 20% and EBITDA margin improved 210
basis points compared to prior year. Consistent with our prior guidance, Lu'An
contributed about $0.04 of EPS this quarter. As I said, we are pleased that all
4 gasifier trains have come on stream and expect Lu'An to contribute more than
$0.25 earnings per share in fiscal year '19. We continue to believe that our
business in China will improve in the coming year, and we have not seen any
negative impact as a result of the imposed tariffs.

Now I would like to turn the call back to Scott to discuss
our Americas results. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
20 for a review of our Gases Americas results. For the quarter, sales grew 4%
on higher volumes and price. Volumes improved 4% as both onsite and merchant
volumes were strong. Our new plant in Baytown, Texas supported increased
hydrogen demand on the Gulf Coast. Merchant volumes also grew despite the
termination of a wholesale contract in Q4 of FY '17. Overall price was 1%
higher, which is our first positive pricing result in the last 6 quarters.
America's EBITDA was roughly equal to prior year as improved volume and price as
well as higher equity affiliate income due to better results in Mexico were
offset by increased costs. While we did have positive productivity, this was
more than offset by higher power costs, and we no longer have the cost
reimbursement for our Port Arthur CO2 capture project. We saw higher
transportation costs in part due to driver shortages.

Finally, the difficult business environment in South America
negatively impacted our ability to collect from certain customers. As a result,
EBITDA margin was down 160 basis points. Sequentially, sales and EBITDA both
improved 4%. Strong volumes drove higher sales, and EBITDA was further
supported by lower costs as maintenance activities were lower this quarter.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss our other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 21
for a review of our Gases EMEA results. Sales were up 8%, primarily driven by
7% higher energy pass-through, mostly due to a significant increase in natural
gas prices in India. Volumes contributed a positive 2% due to merchant growth
as well as recent acquisitions. Higher merchant pricing added another 1%.
Improved merchant markets lifted both price and volume in our packaged gases
and liquid bulk businesses. As a reminder, the India plant was fully on stream
in Q4 last year, so there was no year-over-year benefit in Q4 this year. EBITDA
declined 5% as unfavorable currency and higher costs negated the positive
pricing effect and better equity affiliate performance in Italy. Power cost in
Europe have risen sharply during the quarter and our team is working hard to
recover these higher costs through pricing actions. EBITDA margin was 31.4%, a
drop of 410 basis points. Excluding the impact of higher energy pass-through,
EBITDA margin was down 180 basis points primarily due to the higher power
costs. Sequentially, EBITDA margin was down but would have been nearly flat,
excluding the higher energy pass-through.

Now please turn to Slide 22 for a brief comment on our
Global Gases segments, which includes our Air Separation Unit sale of equipment
business as well as central Industrial Gas business costs. EBITDA was flat,
although sales were down due to lower project activity as we approach the
conclusion the Jazan ASU sale of equipment project. We continue to expect the
Jazan ASU project on stream in phases in fiscal 2019, but we do expect the
Jazan ASU overall to be a headwind for FY '19 versus FY '18.

Now please turn to Slide 23 for a brief comment on our
corporate segment, which includes our LNG business, our helium container
business and our corporate costs. Sales increased modestly compared to prior
year as we began to see renewed interest in LNG projects. Overall segment
profit was up due to additional equipment sales and lower costs. We continue to
be optimistic about the future prospects for the LNG business but only
anticipate a modest earnings improvement in FY '19.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. Our team around the
world, all of us, continue to be very excited about Air Products' future. Our
safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide the
foundation for our continued growth and our Five-Point Plan provides the
framework to drive our success going forward. As I said before, we have the
financial capacity, the opportunities and the team to successfully win key
growth projects.

There is no doubt that there is uncertainty in the world. I
guess that's an understatement. And while we cannot predict or control
worldwide political or economic developments, we do have control over the
operational performance and growth of Air Products, and we are confident we
will continue to deliver on the commitments that we have made.

Let me address what we are seeing relative to global trade
relationships and tariffs. Very simply, we have not, and I stress, not seen any
material impact on Air Products at this point. Our business is local, so we
don't have any direct exposure to import/export tariffs. Also, we have not seen
customers changing their behavior or attitude to others, and we have not seen
any impact on our major projects or interaction with customers in the different
parts of the world.

Now please turn to Slide #24. We are all working hard every
day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas company
in the world, providing excellent service to our customers. Our guidance for
fiscal year 2019 is for a range of $8.05 to $8.30. At midpoint, our guidance
represents 10% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2018 performance. As I
said, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our commitment to grow
EPS by more than 10% per year on average in the future.

For quarter 1 of fiscal year 2019, our earnings per share
guidance is $1.85 to $1.90, at midpoint, up 5% over last year's. But I would
like to remind you that in quarter 1 of fiscal year '18, there was an $0.08
benefit from a plant sale in Asia that will not repeat. Excluding this item,
our quarter 1 guidance is up 10% versus prior year. We expect our capital
expenditures to be in the range of $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion in fiscal year
2019. We expect the Jazan gasification power joint venture to close late in
calendar 2019, so we have not included this in our fiscal '19 CapEx forecast.
We can also see we have about $7 billion of commitments, including projects and
M&A. This is up significantly as it now includes the Jazan, Yankuang,
Jiutai gasification projects.

And then please turn to Slide #25. As always, our real
competitive advantage is the commitment and motivation of the great team we
have at Air Products. That is what allows us to continue to generate our
superior safety and operational performance. I want to thank all of our 15,000
people around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and for
embracing the opportunities in front of us with energy and a spirit of working
together. And as I always say, I'm very proud to be part of this winning team.

As you know, execution without strategy is aimless, and our
strategy without execution is worthless. Our Five-Point is our strategy. Our
people's execution against this strategy in the years to come will ensure our
continued success and value creation.

Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first
question from P.J. Juvekar from Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: In Americas and Europe, the leverage from
sales growth doesn't seem to be coming down to the EBITDA line. Last quarter,
it was maintenance cost. This quarter, I think you mentioned high power cost.
When can we begin to see the leverage flowing to the EBITDA line?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, you are absolutely
correct that the margins are the -- kind of the -- marginal contribution has
been coming down. You've mentioned the reasons very accurately in Americas,
which is a combination of a lot of things, hydrogen turnarounds, driver
shortages and a lot of other things that I can delineate for you. And in
Europe, we have had a significant issue with power cost that we haven't been
able to recover. We are working very hard, and we are hoping that we would
reverse these trends in 2019.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay. And then quickly on merchant
utilization. Can you compare them around the world now that you're getting
pricing in each region, what can we expect -- what are we seeing in terms of
utilization in each region?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, overall, our utilization in Europe
is still around 78%, 79%. In the U.S., it is approximately the same. In China,
it obviously differs from different parts of China. There are parts of China
where our utilization is almost 90%, and that is what is helping us to drive
the prices up.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Robert Koort
from Goldman Sachs.

(technical difficulty)

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Year-over-year variance and how you drove your EPS growth. As we look
into 2019, I think you mentioned Jazan will be a headwind. I don't suspect tax
will be as big of a tailwind. And maybe exiting the fourth quarter, the U.S.
and the -- the Americas and EMEA were not that growing so much. So can you give
us a sense of what those buckets would look like that drive that pretty
significant EPS growth you see in 2019?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The main reasons that -- first of all,
good morning, Rob. The main drivers for increasing our EBITDA significantly
next year, and as you see, we are suggesting about 10%, but I mean, that is
actually more than that if you take away the effect of the tax thing. But
fundamentally, the drivers are our growth projects that are coming on stream in
China, in India, in the U.S. And then we are hoping that there are some other
projects that we haven't announced would materialize. And then in addition to
that, we are hoping that the utilization rates will maybe improve slightly in
China. I don't know about how it will work out in the U.S. because as you know,
manufacturing in the last 6 months in the U.S. has actually gone down. So those
are the factors. And then in addition, Bob, I have to say that I'm not that
excited about our performance on cost last year, and I'm hoping that we will have
additional productivity and cost improvement programs that would help deliver
the results.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: And if I may follow up, Seifi, you guys
had about 1% price improvement this year. Can you give us some sense on what
you might see in fiscal '19?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Bob, first of all, the 1%, I'm sure
you know that the 1% is over our total portfolio. So since half of our
portfolio is onsite, where we don't have any price increase, therefore, the
price increase on our merchant side is really 2%. But as far as the future,
because of the nature of our industry, I would hesitate to make any comment on
that.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jeff
Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: How do you think the Praxair-Linde merger will
change the Industrial Gas landscape, or perhaps will change the opportunities
for Air Products in the coming year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Jeff, I'm obviously very hesitant
to make any comments about other people's business. But as I said during my
comments, we do not expect any change in our strategy. We have said that
publicly, and I recently put out a memo to our own people, we had a strategy,
we are executing that strategy and, quite frankly, I do not see any change or
any reason for change as a result of the merger because the merger hasn't
really changed anything. It's just a little bit moving the pieces on the chess
board. So we do not -- and in terms of opportunities, actually, we think that,
that might enhance opportunities for us because, usually, there is a customer
who was going to divide their business by 4, giving each one of us 25%. Now
they would divide it by 3 and, therefore, we will get more share and the other
guys will get less shares. So we actually think that, overall, as I said, no
change in terms of what we do. And if anything, slightly positive.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. Can you compare what you've
paid for the GE technology business to what you've paid for the Shell business?
And what are the annual revenues of the GE business, and what were the annual
revenues of the Shell business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: On both of those things, we have an
agreement with both Shell and GE not to disclose those numbers. I would have not
minded disclosing them, but they don't want to do that. And in terms of what we
paid for them, let's just say a general thing, that's approximately similar.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: As we said before, the value creation
of those acquisitions is much more about the ability to be in a better position
for the big onsite projects than the specifics associated with the technology
licensing revenues.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Absolutely. Because we bought the
business for -- and the Shell business, the acquisition of that has given us
significant advantage in knowing the future projects that might happen. So that
has been a very successful thing, and I'm very happy that we were able to reach
an agreement with GE. It took a very long time. But they have an excellent technology.
It's their former Texaco technology. I'm very familiar with that. I was trying
to promote that in the 1990s, with Foster Wheeler to try to get BOC in that
business, but that didn't happen. So I'm very pleased that we were able to
acquire that. Thank you, Jeff.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John McNulty
from BMO Capital Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: On the GE gasification business, I guess, when you think about how
much it potentially expands your addressable market, is that the right way to
think about it? And if it is, how much does that help when you kind of bundle
that in with the Shell platform as well?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Secondly, it almost doubles because GE
and Shell technologies are approximately equal rate in terms of what is being
used and, therefore, it literally doubles the exposure that we have and our
ability to promote that technology. And obviously, if we have the technology
for a gasifier, our chances of building and owning and operating that gasifier
significantly increases.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY: Great. And just a question, you had
announced a couple of, I guess, a couple of new projects during the quarter,
the Kingsport facilities and also the, I believe, it was a liquid helium
platform as well. I guess, can you help us to understand how to think about the
earnings power on those? I guess, the ones tied to Eastman sounds like they're
more like replacement projects. So if you can kind of help us to think about
how to quantify that, that would be helpful.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure, John. And John, first of all,
Eastman coal gasification project, it is more than replacement. It is actually
-- there is some additional volumes that they will need, but that will
contribute to our earnings about 3 years from now, once -- after they have
built the plant. And in terms of the other things, we also announced Juitai,
which is a big project, about $600 million investment, and that is going to
come on-stream on 2021.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Vincent
Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Another question on the GE gasification technology. The slide talks
about adaptable to a wide range of feedstocks. Maybe you could just help us
understand sort of what the principal wide range of feedstocks is in there and
maybe, again, how that expands your palate?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The principal applications on that is in
coal and natural gas gasification. They have an excellent technology for that.
And the technology is related to the quality of the coal, the ash content of
the coal, whether you use a slurry system and all of that, that is why we were
keen to have both Shell and GE because then we can tailor-make it to the specific
situation that the customers have.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. And just as a follow up, you
referenced in South America an inability to collect on payments. Is that a
function of customers being below minimum take-or-pay, or is that a separate
type of issue?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It's just the issue of some customers
going bankrupt, which there isn't plenty of them.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: And our merchant business, as you
know, we have very little onsite down in South America. So not so much.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Christopher
Parkinson from Crédit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So you recently have been seeing more
positive projects in the U.S. and India, and there's always the Middle East for
obvious reasons. But just given the remaining plus or minus $8.5 billion left
to deploy over the next few years in these projects, these geographies, are the
recent acquisitions -- I mean, obviously Shell and GE were both very
intentional, are they complementary? And is there anything that you're
attempting to triangulate for the ongoing bidding processes of these potential
projects? Or are there other technologies you still feel you would need to
acquire?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I don't want to comment on the
second part. Second thing is that when you look at the GE technology, GE
technology has been chosen actually for some very big projects in India. Some
of it has been publicly announced. So that, I think, is giving us an
opportunity. And then, obviously, we are looking forward to deploying some of
these for projects in the U.S. absolutely.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Got it. And just given the
volatility of the electricity rates in Europe and just broadly, could you just give
us to put and takes of the merchant market and trying to -- how you're thinking
about that, not only in the next quarter but over the next year, and what
you're hearing from your team there?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that our teams are obviously
optimistic, but they are in no position to predict what happens to Brexit or
what happens to the elections tonight in the U.S. So we are at the mercy of
industrial production. GDP really doesn't mean very much to our business
because it includes financial activity and people going out to dinner. We are
focused on industrial production. And that, we have given you the guidance on
the basis of -- we have been a little bit conservative. We don't see
significant improvements. So now if for some magic reasons, things
significantly improve, we'll benefit from that. But we have been on the
cautious side.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Duffy
Fischer from Barclays.

MICHAEL JAMES LEITHEAD, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Mike Leithead on for Duffy this morning. Seifi,
could you maybe expand on the synergies of having both GE and Shell's
gasification technology? And what I mean by that is, in your mind, does having
both technologies provide you with a meaningful bidding advantage versus saying
having one or the other, so sort of a 1 plus 1 equals 3 type of equation? Just
how should we think about the complementary nature of these?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: So I just think of a situation, if there
are 10 projects and half of them are using Shell and half of them are using GE,
by owning the GE technology, now we have an opportunity to participate in all
10 rather than 5 of them. So it is complementary, and it does expand our scope.
It's actually, a very positive thing.

MICHAEL JAMES LEITHEAD: Got it. That's helpful. And then
maybe one for Scott. Could you just remind us on how the P&L impact shifts
for the Jazan ASUs as the project is complete and we start to ramp it up in
2019?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, thanks for the question. So in
terms of Jazan, 2 parts. There's the SOE that we've been doing over the last
couple of years, as Seifi mentioned, I think, in the prepared remarks, that's
wrapping up here in the next year. And so you'll see that as a headwind and,
again, I think Seifi addressed that earlier. Then our 25% that we own for the
long-term supply contract is going to be an equity affiliate, and it's going to
be a very, very small contribution. So not much in there going forward from
that portion of the Jazan opportunity.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Can I just add? But that is for the air
separation unit part. That means, basically, we are saying that you are not
going to see a lot of -- actually, you're going to see a headwind from the air
separation part in 2019. But the gasifier part is the big part, and that one is
going to be a significant contribution in 2020 after we close it in 2019.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from David
Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just looking at your large project activity,
could you work around your key regions, China, India, Middle East and the U.S.,
and talk about the pace and cadence of activity that you're seeing today?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. We see significant opportunities
still in the U.S. Some of these projects were delayed, but there are a lot of
projects in the U.S., whether they are methanol projects, whether they are
ammonia products and all of that. We are obviously involved in all of them, and
I hope they materialize because as you know, our preference, if the
opportunities existed, that we would invest all of our $15 billion in the U.S.
And that goes without saying, this is the place of our home base and this is
where we want to invest. So we see still opportunities in the U.S. Then, there
are significant, and, I mean, significant opportunities in China. They are --
there's more projects than we can handle, quite honestly, right now. There is
-- it's starting to have significant opportunities in India because of the
change in the law that they had about coal ownership, so a lot of people are
participating in that. And there was a big announcement about a specialized
project, which is gasification in India and all that, so we are seeing that. In
Saudi Arabia, you have seen the opportunities, and we believe that there will
be opportunities in other parts of the world I don't want to be that specific,
but the pipeline is pretty robust, and with us being on top of both
technologies, which are the key technologies being used, I think we should have
a competitive advantage. Obviously, time will tell and the results will back up
what we are claiming, but we remain very optimistic.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very good. And Scott, following up Bob's
earlier question on the 2019 earnings bridge. You have about $0.75 forecasted
increase. Could you just, broadly speaking, break out that $0.75 bridge between
'19 and '18, if possible?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Well, we don't give out all the
specifics. I think, thought, Seifi, in his comments, talked about the new
onstreams, the full year impact as well as new things coming onstream,
hopefully, favorable volume growth and pricing, so forth. Let me add a couple
of things, tax as well as currency. So we see, as I think I mentioned in my
prepared remarks, 20% effective tax rate booked for next year, which would
translate into about a $0.10 headwind. And it's really driven by the absence of
some favorable things, some favorable tax audit settlements we had in this
year. So that's part of the bridge into '19. The other is currency, and we see
somewhere in the order of about $0.10 to $0.15 headwind on currency. And just
recall the way that we look at this, we just take the last data points on
currency and then just move that sideways through the year as opposed to try to
project where rates are going to go. Let me give you -- so everybody can have
their own view where currency is going to go. And again, our view is at this
point in time, it's about $0.10 to $0.15. Let me give you the rules of thumb
that you can apply to whatever your own assumptions are. So if we move the RMB
by 10%, and as always, I want to remind folks, this is just mathematics, right,
it's just translation, there's no transaction there. So if you move the RMB by
10%, it translates into about a $0.12 change for the year. The euro, same, 10%
swing, in exchange, would be about $0.09. And then there's a handful of other
ones that, each of which are about $0.03 to $0.04, that includes the pound and
the Korean won, Taiwanese dollar and the Canadian dollar. So each of those
individually, the exchange moves about 10% to be $0.03 to $0.04 on an annual
basis. And what I'd just given there, plus the U.S. sales, is about 90% of our
sales. So hopefully, that's helpful, so you can put it in your models.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Steve Byrne with
Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Would you characterize the number of coal
gasification projects under consideration in China, including refurbishments of
old gasifiers as being in the neighborhood of a few or more likely a few dozen?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: How about like 50?

STEVE BYRNE: Okay. And could the extent that the new plants
are much more efficient than the old ones, what's the role of the Chinese
government in any of these? Are they providing any support financing-wise or
streamlined regulatory path?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Most of these companies that are doing
this are state-owned anyway, so they are 100% owned by the government.
Therefore, as they invest, they obviously have the support of the government.

STEVE BYRNE: And just lastly, your outlook for incremental
demand growth for hydrogen on U.S. coal from IMO 2020?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, we expect that. I think that the
industry has not acted because they are hoping that they would get some help
from the White House and delay the implementation, but I don't know where that
will go. But in Europe, people are pretty serious about implementing in that
and the rest of the world. And we will, in time, see significant demand. But as
I said, it hasn't really happened in the U.S. Right now, it will take about 3
years before this thing -- any new plant comes onstream. And I think most of
the people here are thinking that at the end of the day, this will become like
the auto emission thing. They wait until the last minute, nobody does anything,
and then we kind of say, okay, we delay it another 4 or 5 years. That's what
the industry is hoping. But I have no insight in terms of what the
administration will do.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Don Carson
with Susquehanna Financial.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: A couple of questions. One, you talked about a
slowing base business outlook. I noticed your growth for the full year was 10%
ex Jazan, it's about 6% ex Jazan in Q4. Was that all due to the slowdown in
global industrial production? And what's your specific industrial production
forecast for your fiscal '19 guidance?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the first question, I think Simon
had a quick answer for that.

SIMON R. MOORE: Yes, just remember, of course, that we
didn't have any year-over-year volume benefit from the big plant in India this
quarter, and the prior 4 quarters, we did. So that slows the comparator down.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Exactly. So it's the effect of the plant
in India coming onstream. So we haven't really seen any slowdown in that
respect. In terms of industrial production, Don, I mean, you are more of an
expert on this than anyone of us here. I mean, we can't predict what's going to
happen tomorrow. You can ask me -- I mean, what I can answer is that, in terms
of our guidance, the way we have come up with the guidance is that we have
assumed that there will be no significant uptick but at the same time, no
significant downturn. So we are expecting or we have given you our guidance
based on the fact that things will stay about the same. So if there's any
significant change up or down, then, obviously, we'll be affected by that.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: And on the cost side, both in Europe
with power and North America with supply chain, do you have the ability to
surcharge for those 2 specific items? And if not, how do you expect to address
those costs in fiscal '19?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, we theoretically have the ability.
And I always, every day, challenge our people to use that ability and the
contractual ability to increase the prices, but it obviously depends on what
our competitors do. But those are the challenges that we have to face in 2019.
And the way we have given you the guidance is that we have assumed that we will
overcome those challenges.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I forgot
if you mentioned it, but are you a major oxygen supplier to many of these GE
gasification locations?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The existing ones, I think we are, by
far, the most major supplier in terms of sale of gas, yes. But a lot these
projects that I'm talking about in the future, obviously, they haven't been
built.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: But how many existing gasifiers do you
supply oxygen to?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We supply to about at least 8 of them,
but some of them have 4 or 5 units. So we supply more than 100,000 ton a day of
oxygen to these people.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Okay, so 8. Okay. And then,
Praxair-Linde still have some divestments coming post closing, assets in Korea
and neon in the U.S. I assume you would not be allowed to bid for this, but I
just want to do check.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are not counting on it at all. That's
correct.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Jonas Oxgaard
with Bernstein.

JONAS I. OXGAARD, SENIOR ANALYST, SANFORD C. BERNSTEIN &
CO., LLC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Two-part question, if you will, on yet another --
2 on the coal gasification here. I was wondering if this also means a research
push from you guys on developing better, more efficient, cleaner, et cetera,
and if we can to see an uptick in R&D spend as a result? The second
question on the same topic here is, my understanding was that the GE-Xin Hua
venture was the provider of practically all the GE license gasifiers in China.
How does that JV fit into your plans of going into the gasification in China?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Great questions. First of all, your first
question, yes, it does mean that we are going to spend more on R&D. That is
one of the reasons that you see a negative cost earning in 2018 performance.
That's very true, and we are committed to make sure that we provide the support
for these technologies to improve forward. The other thing is that we are now
in China, a partner with Xin Hua. That means that the way we bought these
things, we bought all the rights to the gasification -- GE gasifiers outside of
China, it's all 100% ours, and in China, we are partner with Xin Hua, which is
now called China Energy Corporation. So we are their partners.

JONAS I. OXGAARD: Okay. How does that partnership interact
with your strategy of becoming the builder-operator of these gasification
units?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It does significantly help. Because
hopefully, they will bond to those new gasifiers and all of that, and now we
are -- I mean, China Energy Corporation is one of the largest companies in the
world. They are operating about, I think, at least 10 gasifiers in China. Most
of them do use GE technology. And they have plans for the future. So we are
very, very honored and happy to be a partner with the China Energy Corporation,
former Xin Hua.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Mike Harrison
with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just going back to the EU,
the European power cost situation. You've dealt with this fairly recently in
the past. You seemed to have managed through it, and now we're getting hit
with, what you call the, another surge. Can you quantify how much impact you
saw this quarter? And is it something that's carrying into Q4? And the fact
that you dealt with these cost increases pretty recently, does that make it any
easier to maybe pass this through the customers or get additional pricing?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, Mike, it's a very good question.
Obviously, power costs are going to go up in Europe because -- I mean, you pay
a price if you want clean energy, and you don't want to use nuclear power
plants, therefore, the cost of renewable energy and all of that is higher. The
issue that we have with these power cost and all of that is that when they
happen, we have a program, we understand how to increase prices to recover
that, which is not easy, but there is a delay factor. So when it happens in a
quarter, we are not going to instantly be able to recover that in the same
quarter. So usually, we have impact on the quarter, and then 1 or 2 quarters
later on, we have increased the prices and we recovered that. So there's a
little bit of a phasing here.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: Understood. And then another
question regarding the competitive environment. You talked a little bit about
the change related to 4 major players, now becoming 3. But we also have had
some divestitures to 2, call them, somewhat smaller players that are going to
make those 2 competitors a little bit bigger. Do you see them having a
significant impact on the, in particular, the merchant gas competitive
landscape over the next couple of years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, again, I mean, what do you want me
to say? In terms of competitors, we consider we have 2 competitors. The rest of
them are companies. We don't consider them competitors.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Lauren (sic)
[Laurence] Alexander from Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 quick clarifications. The only capital
outlay for the gasification this year will be the Jazan investment, is that
right? Or will more of that $7 billion pipeline get pulled into 2019? And
secondly, just comparing Pages 16 and 24, it looked like you're calling out
about $600 million of M&A. Is that future M&A related to bolt-ons or
decaptivation, or is that including the gasification acquisitions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, with respect to the
first question that you had, let me put this thing in context because we're
very careful about how we talk about these things. When we talk about M&A,
that includes buying a company, or it includes decaptivation. So we expect
that. The second thing is that in terms of spending money, for example, in
Jiutai, we signed a contract last year, $600 million, we are going to spend
capital on building that plant, obviously, tomorrow and some other projects
that they have won. So that is why our capital expenditure for next year, we
are giving you a guidance of $2 billion to $2.5 billion, which is almost $1
billion more than this year, which is spending money on the projects we have
won so that they come on stream in 2020, 2021.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Just to clarify one thing we did say,
the Jazan gasifier project is not included in our capital guidance. As Seifi
said, we expect that to close late in '19. And just one more point to make, too,
is that on one of the slides, we're showing a remaining capital to spend on our
commitments and the other one, we're showing the total amount. So I think
that's the difference that you're talking about there.

OPERATOR: We'll take our last question from Jim Sheehan from
SunTrust.

PETER OSTERLAND, ASSOCIATE, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY,
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Pete Osterland on for Jim. In Asia, you called
out volume growth from Lu'An as well as pricing strength in the merchant
market, and I'm just trying to size. Can you estimate how much of the EBITDA
margin uplift that you experienced during the quarter was due to each of these?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that we said that half
of our growth -- we have specifically said that Lu'An contributed $0.04 to our
bottom line, so that's about $12 million, approximately. And then merchant
growth is basically -- then we have some other projects coming on stream in
addition to Lu'An and then the merchant volume was about maybe 40% of the
increase.

Well, with that, I would like to thank everybody for being
on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy schedules to listen to our
presentation. We do appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing
our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day, have a nice
holidays and all the best. Thank you.

OPERATOR: This concludes today's presentation. We thank you
for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 110618a12069006.706










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); ESTATE, GIFT & TRUST LAW (88%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(76%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (69%); LAWYERS (64%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (71%);

SANFORD C BERNSTEIN & CO LLP
(70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (68%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA)
(83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (68%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION
COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES
BROKERAGE (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS551111
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS523999
MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL
BANKS (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS523991
TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (71%); NAICS525920 TRUSTS, ESTATES
& AGENCY ACCOUNTS (70%); NAICS525110 PENSION FUNDS (70%); SIC6021 NATIONAL
COMMERCIAL BANKS (68%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); EQUITY RESEARCH (93%);
BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%);
CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE
CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (77%); PAYMENT CARDS &
SERVICES (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%);
CREDIT CARDS (73%); LAWYERS (64%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 November 29, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
26, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 9108 words

Corporate Participants

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* John Patrick McNulty

BMO Capital Markets Equity Research - Analyst

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew P. DeYoe

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - VP

* Michael Joseph Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division - MD &
Equity Research Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director & Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good day, everyone, and welcome to Air Products
and Chemicals Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded, at the request of Air Products.

Please note that this presentation and the comments made on
behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air Products and all rights
are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Vicky. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products' Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is
Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations.

I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our
Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer; and Sean Major, our Executive Vice President, General
Counsel and Secretary.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure
that can be found in our earnings release and on Slide #2.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
Thank you for joining us on our call today. We certainly do appreciate your
interest in Air Products.

The talented, committed and motivated team at Air Products
delivered another excellent set of safety and financial results. Our record
adjusted earning per share of $1.95 is up 18% versus last year. This is the
17th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year EPS growth, and the
fifth consecutive quarter we have delivered year-on-year EPS growth of more
than 15%.

We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial
gas company in the world, with a record quarterly EBITDA margin of over 36%. We
continue to generate significant cash, which supports our robust dividend
policy. And we do have the strongest balance sheet in the industry, which gives
us the ability to commit a significant amount of capital to grow Air Products
in the coming years.

And most important, we have a great team of hard-working,
dedicated, talented and committed people at Air Products, who have stayed
focused on working hard every day to serve our customers and create value for
our shareholders.

Now please turn to Slide #3. We continue to improve our
safety results with a reduction of 67% in our lost time injury rate, and a
reduction of 52% in our recordable injury rate. These results can only happen
when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are committed to safety and
continuous improvement.

On Slide #4, you can see our goal for the company: to be the
safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial company in the world,
providing excellent service to our customers. And I want to emphasize that the
most diverse in our goal refers to our people. We value a diverse workforce.

Now please turn to Slide #5. You can see our overall
management philosophy that we have talked to you about many times over the last
4 years. But it is worth repeating because we continue to be focused on
shareholder value, capital allocation, and an empowered and decentralized
organization.

Now please turn to Slide #6. It was almost 4 years ago that
I shared our original Five-Point Plan. We have successfully focused on Air
Products core Industrial Gases business, we have restructured the organization,
changed the culture, controlled capital and cost, and aligned our rewards.

We have done what we promised to do.

Now please turn to Slide #7. Our journey is never complete
and it's time to evolve our Five-Point Plan to guide us to over -- to guide us
over the coming years. Let me explain each of the points on this slide one at a
time.

First, in term -- from the left side, in terms of sustaining
our lead. We will keep our focus on safety. We have done well, but even one
injury is too many. Accidents don't happen by themselves. Every incident or
accident is preventable.

We want to be the best-in-class in everything we do. We need
to be the best-in-class operationally. For example, to make sure our plants are
running all the time.

The same thing with our human resource processes, financial
processes, safety processes, everything that we do, we should aim to and we
will be the very best in the industry.

And productivity, we obviously need to continue to focus on
productivity to maintain our margins. Second, in terms of deployment of
capital. As you have heard me say before, we believe that we have at least $15
billion of capital to commit over the next 5 years.

This includes cash and debt capacity available today, and
the investable cash flow we expect to generate in the next 5 years. I remain
very confident, and I'd like to repeat this, I remain very confident that we
will be able to commit the full $15 billion to very high-quality industrial gas
projects over the next 5 years.

It is obviously difficult to know exactly what will be the
breakdown of the $15 billion. But based on our view today, I could see
something like approximately $1.5 billion for acquisitions on industrial gas
companies, $2.5 billion for asset buybacks, $4 billion for traditional
industrial gas projects, such as new liquid oxygen and nitrogen plants,
packaged gas depots, high-purity nitrogen generators, and small scale oxygen and
nitrogen plants. And then about $7 billion for large-scale energy,
environmental and emerging market projects, including coal gasification.

We continue to execute on our overall growth strategy,
acquiring the Shell gasification technology, and closing on the Lu'An project
in the past quarter.

The third point is the evolution of our portfolio. Most of
the types of the projects, I mentioned before, are in our onsite business.
These are the very large projects around the world. To be clear, we do intend
to continue investing in our merchant business when we see good opportunities
to invest in liquid capacity around the world.

And the same goes for packaged gas opportunities in
locations where we are already in that business. However, given the relative
size and number of onsite opportunities, I expect the onsite portion of our
portfolio will grow faster, which means more of Air Products will be the onsite
business in the future.

This is good because the onsite business is very stable
during the ups and downs of the economic cycle around the world.

Fourth, in terms of changing the culture. This remains a
focus of our original Five-Point Plan that requires more [work.] We have to
continue to improve our 4S culture, meaning safety, simplicity, speed and
self-confidence.

We will work to further build a committed, diverse and
motivated team that brings their positive attitudes and open minds to work
every day.

And finally, on the last point on the chart on the right, at
Air Products, we do have a higher purpose in addition to creating value for our
shareholders. The higher purpose is to create an open and diverse environment
for all of our people so that everyone feels that they belong, and their
contribution is recognized.

In addition, all of us at Air Products are committed to make
good products that benefit all humanity, and we certainly are committed to
sustainability. In summary, at Air Products, we do want to do more than just
make money.

As I said, we are proud of what we have accomplished with
our original Five-Point Plan and are confident that we will continue to deliver
with our updated Five-Point Plan as delineated on this Slide #7.

Now please go to Slide #8, which shows the result of our 3
key metrics for the quarter. We remain committed to our goal to be the most
profitable industrial gas company in the world, as measured by each of these 3
key metrics.

Now please go to Slide #9. Since I started as the Chairman,
President and CEO of Air Products more than 4 years ago, I have stressed the
fact that we are committed to deliver at least 10% per year growth on our EPS
over the long-term.

You can see that we have delivered better than that in the
last 4 years, and we will continue to pursue strategies, which will drive our
EPS by at least 10% over the coming years. We are very committed to that.

Finally, please turn to Slide #10, which is always my
favorite slide, especially this quarter. It is great to see our record margin
of 36.3% and the progress we have made over the last few years.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Before I review our results, I
want to provide an update on our external independent auditors. Air Products
has had a long and productive audit relationship with KPMG since 2002.

Given their tenure of 16 years as our auditors, the audit
and finance committee of our board felt it was a good governance practice to
initiate a competitive process earlier this year. I am pleased to share that
after a full and rigorous evaluation, Deloitte & Touche will be Air
Products' external auditor beginning with our fiscal year 2019.

KPMG will continue as our auditor through the completion of
our fiscal 2018 audit. I would like to emphasize that this decision was not the
result of any disagreement with KPMG and that there are no issues with Air
Products financial statements or controls.

I would like to thank the KPMG team members we have worked
with over the years, and I look forward to working with the Deloitte team.

Now please turn to Slide 11 for our Q3 results from
continuing operations. Sales of $2.3 billion increased 6% versus last year on 3%
higher volumes, 1% higher price, and 3% higher currency.

We saw solid volume increases across all 3 regions,
partially offset by lower activity from the Jazan project in Global Gases.
Excluding Jazan, volumes were up 7% with about 5% from new plants. Sequential
volumes were up on strength in Americas and seasonality in Asia.

Versus last year, pricing was up 1%, primarily driven by the
China and Europe merchant businesses. Positive currency was driven by the euro,
British pound and the Chinese RMB.

EBITDA of $820 million improved by 13%, driven by the higher
volumes, positive pricing, currency and equity affiliate income. EBITDA margin
of 36.3% was up 220 basis points.

Net income was up 19%, and adjusted earnings per share were
up 18% versus prior year. ROCE of 12.2% was flat versus last year as our
significant profit increase offset the larger denominator, which increased as a
result of the gain from the PMD sale in early 2017.

The denominator is based on a 5-quarter average. Q3 FY '18
has 5 quarters that include the PMD gain, while Q3 of FY '17 only had 2
quarters with the PMD gain. You can see the real improvement more clearly in
the sequential 40 basis point increase.

Please turn to Slide 12. Our record adjusted Q3 continuing
operations EPS of $1.95 increased $0.30 or 18% versus last year. Overall,
higher volumes increased EPS by $0.18 per share.

Price and raw materials, taken together, increased EPS by
$0.04. Net cost performance was unfavorable $0.08 as productivity was again
offset by a few factors, including plant maintenance cost, inflation and the
end of the cost reimbursement for our Port Arthur CO2 capture project.

We also continue to see higher cost in strategic areas
focused on pursuing our exciting growth opportunities.

Currency and foreign exchange was $0.05 favorable, primarily
due to the euro, British pound and the Chinese RMB. Equity affiliate income
added $0.05, primarily due to underlying strength in Mexico and Italy.

The overall tax rate was a $0.12 benefit versus last year.
The lower tax rate from the new tax act increased EPS by about $0.10, which is
more than previous quarters due to higher profit contributions from our U.S.
business.

For the full year 2018, we now expect to see a tax rate
slightly above 19%. Noncontrolling interest was a $0.04 headwind. This is
primarily due to a gain shared with our partner, which resulted from a customer
terminating a contract for an old flue-gas desulfurization plant, which is a
consolidated JV for Air Products.

Interest expense, shares outstanding and other nonoperating
income totaled $0.02 unfavorable.

Now please turn to Slide 13. We had another strong cash flow
quarter with over $500 million of distributable cash flow and almost $300
million of investable cash flow.

On a last 12 months basis, you can see we generated over $3
billion of EBITDA, and over $2 billion of distributable cash flow. From the
$2.2 billion of distributable cash flow, we paid $864 million or almost 40% as
dividends.

This leaves over $1.3 billion available for high-return
investments in our core Industrial Gas business.

Turning to Slide 14, I would like to update you on the
capital deployment capacity available for this exciting opportunities that
Seifi mentioned. As of June 30, we have about $3 billion of cash and short-term
investments. Our debt balance as of June 30 is about $3.9 billion.

As we have shared many times, we have an active dialogue
with the rating agencies and are committed to managing our debt balance to
maintain our current targeted A/A2 rating.

If we move our debt level to about 2.5x EBITDA, this would
allow us to borrow an additional $4 billion. So in total, we have about $7
billion we can deploy today while maintaining our A/A2 rating at a debt level
of 2.5x.

This capacity increases to about $8.5 billion at a debt
level of 3x EBITDA. In addition, we have been and expect to continue to
generate over $1 billion per year of investable cash, that is after paying
taxes, interest, maintenance CapEx and dividends.

So over the next 5 years, we expect to have $15 billion
available to invest, which does not include extra capacity from the cash flows
from new profitable projects.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Scott. Now please turn to
Slide #15, our Gases Americas, where we continue to deliver strong sales and
profit growth.

Sales increased 16% versus last year, driven by higher
volumes, positive pricing and favorable currency impact. Volumes were up 6%,
excluding the impact of the one time equipment sale last year. Volumes were
actually up 16%, if you exclude the equipment sale, as I said.

New projects were responsible for about 3/4 of this 16%
increase, while gases business and acquisitions were roughly equal to the rest
of the business. I believe at the beginning, I said Gases Americas, I mean -- I
meant Gases Asia, so there is no confusion. I'm talking about our business in
Asia.

I wish our Americas business volume was around 16%, that is
not the case. Okay.

Pricing for the region was up 4% versus last year, the fifth
consecutive quarter of year-on-year improvement, which was primarily driven by
better supply-and-demand situation in China's merchant market.

Strong volumes, higher pricing and favorable currency more
than offset the prior year equipment sale headwind and drove nearly 30%
increase in EBITDA.

EBITDA margin was strong and up 400 basis points.
Sequentially, both volume and price increase, increased as China emerged from
the Lunar New Year Holiday. As mentioned in our last call, we close the Lu'An
project during quarter 3. The team is making great progress as it bring the
four gasifier trains onstream in stages.

As we shared in April, we still expect about $0.04 earning
per share contribution in fiscal year '18, and we expect the plant to be at
full run capacity by the end of September and, therefore, expect at least $0.25
per share of accretion in 2019 from the Lu'An project.

Now I would like to turn this call back to Scott to discuss
our Americas result, please.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Thank you, Seifi. Please turn to Slide
16 for a review of our Gases Americas results. For the quarter, sales grew 2%,
with 6% higher volumes partially offset by lower energy cost pass-through.

Hydrogen demand remained strong and our new plant in
Baytown, Texas supported increased sales. Underlying merchant volumes were
positive, partially offset by a wholesale contract we terminated in Q4 of FY
'17.

Excluding this, our overall volumes would have been up 8%.
The overall pricing impact was flat, as higher North American prices were
offset by negative mix. This negative mix, for example, includes higher U.S.
government helium sales that are lower-than-average prices. EBITDA was up 4%
compared to prior year, driven by higher volumes, partially offset by higher
costs.

As we communicated last quarter, we had higher planned
maintenance cost as we performed life extension work on several older hydrogen
plants to support contract renewals.

Our team executed a significant amount of work safely and
effectively. And, as I mentioned earlier, we no longer have the cost
reimbursement for our Port Arthur CO2 capture project. However, as expected,
partially offsetting these higher maintenance costs was a gain associated with
a customer terminating a contract for an old flue-gas desulfurization plant.

We also saw improved equity affiliate income with strong
results in Mexico. EBITDA margin was up 80 basis points due to the positive
margin impact of the lower energy cost pass-through.

As we move into Q4, we expect maintenance costs to be lower
sequentially but higher than prior year, since maintenance activities were
significantly lower than average in Q4 last year.

Now I would like to turn the call back over to Simon to
discuss other segments. Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Scott. Please turn to Slide 17
for our review of our gases EMEA results. Sales increased 24%, primarily driven
by a strong 12% volume increase. Price improved 3% while energy pass-through
and currency were up 2% and 7%, respectively.

Demand for hydrogen in the EMEA region was also strong. Our
new hydrogen plant in India, onstream during a portion of Q3 last year, drove
about 10% of our volume growth and our Rotterdam franchise also contributed. As
a reminder, the India plant was fully onstream in Q4 last year, so we don't
expect a year-over-year benefit in Q4 of FY '18.

Base merchant volumes improved 2%, supported by liquid/bulk
and packaged gases growth and a few small acquisitions. The robust activity in
the merchant market also translated into higher pricing. The 3% uplift in price
was predominantly due to pricing action success in packaged gases. This
represents our best pricing performance in many years. EBITDA was up 19%
compared to prior year, primarily from the new plant in India and further
supported by higher merchant volume, positive price and favorable currency.

EBITDA margin of 33% was down 160 basis points, however,
excluding the new plant in India, which has comparatively high natural gas
costs and other energy pass-through, EBITDA margin was actually up over 100
basis points.

Now please turn to Slide 18 for a brief comment on our
Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment
business as well as central industrial gas business costs.

Sales and profits were down as we get closer to the end of
the Jazan sale of equipment project. We continue to expect this to result in
lower revenue in FY '18, while we now also expect profits to be down slightly
for the year.

We continue to make great progress on the Jazan project and
as we have said, expect onstream in phases early in fiscal 2019.

Now please turn to Slide 19 for a brief comment on our
Corporate segment, which includes our LNG business, our helium container
business and our Corporate costs. Although, LNG project activity remains weak,
sales increased slightly compared to prior year, but overall, segment profits
were flat. We continue to see signs of renewed interest in future LNG projects,
but did not expect this to translate into an earnings tailwind in the near
future.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. Our team around the
world is very excited about Air Products future. Our safety, productivity and
operating performance continue to provide the foundation of our continued
growth. And the evolution of our Five-Point Plan provides the framework to
drive our success going forward.

As I said before, we have the financial capacity, the
opportunities, and the team to successfully win key growth projects.

Let me just address the current state of global trade
relations and tariffs. Very simply, we have not, and I'd like to stress, we
have not seen any impact on Air Products at this point.

Our business is local, so we don't have any direct exposure
to import/export tariffs. We have not seen consumers changing their behavior,
and as I mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to close the Lu'An joint
venture in China earlier this quarter, as we expected.

There is no doubt that there is uncertainty in the world,
and while we cannot predict or control worldwide political or economic
developments, we do have control over the operational performance and growth of
Air Products. And we are confident we will continue to deliver on the
commitments that we have made.

Now please turn to Slide #20. We are working hard every day
to be the safest, most diverse, and most profitable industrial gas company in
the world, providing excellent service to our customers. That continues to be
our goal.

Continuing our positive momentum, we have again increased
our guidance for the year to a range of $7.40 to $7.45. At midpoint, this is up
$0.10 from the guidance we gave you last quarter.

Our new guidance represents 17% to 18% growth over our very
strong fiscal year 2017 performance. As I said, we remain confident in our
ability to deliver on our commitment to grow our EPS by at least 10% each year
for the future.

For the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018, our earning per
share guidance is $1.95 to $2, up 11% to 14% over last year. We continue to
expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion
in fiscal year 2018.

Now please turn to Slide 21. I've talked about this many
times, I don't need to repeat that. And please turn now to Slide #23. You can
see that we believe very strongly that our real competitive advantage is the
degree of commitment and motivation of the great team that we have at Air
Products.

This is what allows us to continue to generate superior
safety and operational performance. I do want to thank all of our 15,000
employees around the world for their total commitment and hard work, and I'm
very proud to be part of this winning team.

Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first
question today from Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: I was curious of the strength in affiliates, you mentioned it was a
big part of the U.S. or the Americas business, and I noticed, overall, up
nearly 40%. Can you give us some color on what's going on there? And then,
maybe also, Seifi, when you're giving your capital allocation potential buckets
-- acquisition of gas assets, is the affiliates considered in that bucket?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, good morning. Thanks for your
question. I'll answer your question #2 first and make a comment on question #1
and then turn it over to Scott to elaborate. On question #2, when we talk about
a $15 billion of investment capacity, that does not include any acquisition or
anything by our affiliates. That's just Air Products. Then with respect to your
question #1, we have always said that we see a strong economic activity in
India, and I -- that has obviously contributed to affiliate and we had some
obvious growth in Italy and Mexico, which are our big equity affiliates. But
Scott, would you like to expand on that, please?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, I'll just emphasize what you
already said, it's broad-based, Bob, it's good fundamental business performance
in Mexico, in Italy, in India and actually some of our smaller ones in Asia as
well. So real good performance across the board this quarter from our equity
affiliate.

OPERATOR: Next is Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Your volumes in the Americas were up 6% and your
volumes in Americas have been pretty good through the first 3 quarters of the
year. That is all of the numbers have been comparable, but your operating
income has been pretty flat. I was wondering what's behind that and that your
results versus your competitors seem to be -- to show much slower growth in
EBIT. And may be to rephrase Bob's question, your equity affiliates income was
$24 million in the Americas versus $14 million in the year ago. Is the $24
million number a new run rate? Or is there something unusual about that $24
million level?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. There is nothing unusual about the
run rate, first of all, Jeff. So the -- we expect our equity affiliates to do
well. With respect to the Americas, we have an issue in terms of mix. That
means that our volumes are up because we are selling more to customers who have
a lower price basically, that is the fundamental reason why you don't see the
EBIT growth. We are not particularly excited about that, but that is the
explanation. Overall, Jeff, you know the business very well. Fundamentally, our
prices are going to be the same as other people's prices. We are not going to
fall behind on that because if our prices are lower, we will get significantly
higher volumes, but the -- I just like to turn it over to Scott to expand on
what I said.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, thanks, Seifi. I just want to
build -- I think I made some comments in the prepared remarks. In Americas,
just recall we have a very nice leadership position in hydrogen, and we saw
some maintenance planned turns. The team did a great job of executing this, but
that's driving cost up year-on-year. So that's also a reason why you don't see
the operating income growth consistent with the top line. Okay?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay, Jeff?

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Okay, good.

OPERATOR: Next, is Don Carson with Susquehanna Financial.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: Yes. Seifi, a question on your capital
allocation buckets. I noticed that share repurchase continues to not be on that
list. I'm just wondering, especially post Air Products not participating in any
of the Praxair-Linde sales in Europe or the Americas, whether you've rethought
your approach to share repurchase.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, we have not. Because I mean share
repurchase, obviously, what does it do for you? It artificially improves your
EPS. We are taking the position that of the cash that we generate, we are
giving half of that in dividend to the investors. So it's not as if we're
holding all the cash. So half of that is going to a very generous dividend
policy that we are saying, we give 2.5% of the stock prices dividend. The other
half we believe very strongly that we have opportunities to invest that capital
on projects that we will create significantly more value for the shareholders
than buying the shares back. So that is our position, that hasn't changed and
we do not see any change in the outlook for the deployment of the capital. So
therefore, that's where we are.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: Okay. And then a follow-up. You noted
that you had record EBITDA margins in the quarter. Are you now at an inflection
point given the strong base business volume growth that the incremental
loadings are generating very strong incremental margins. So should we look for
continuation of the strong EBITDA margin performance?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Obviously, we are very pleased with the
EBITDA margin for the quarter. But for the long-term, we have always told the
investors to please, when you make models for Air Products, our EBITDA range is
going to be somewhere between 33% to 36%. It's not going to go down and it will
be within that range. On some quarters, like this quarter, we had 36.3%. I hope
it repeats every quarter, but I don't want to give the impression that our
margins are now suddenly going to be several basis points higher than what our
run rate has been for the last 2 quarters. And obviously, now our EBITDA
margins are almost 300% better than the next people. Okay?

OPERATOR: We'll go to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, on Americas pricing, you said so, again,
positive in the quarter. Any acceleration versus the prior quarter's? You've
announced a lot of price increases and is that positive North American pricing
of up around 2% or more or less?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: About 2%, but the thing is that -- that
usually we don't like to make too many comments about pricing, but we,
obviously, fully understand that higher prices means higher profit, that's why
our organization is focused on that. But they need to have a balance between
what we can charge and what the supply/demand situation is. But our utilization
rate in the U.S., please consider that it is still in the -- around 77%, 78%.
Now in places where our utilization rate is about 80%, like in China, we are getting
significant price increases, as you see.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: And Seifi, on the $15 billion of capital
deployment and thank you for the breakdown. If you did it by geography or by
country, how would that break down, roughly speaking, in your best estimate?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I mean it's very difficult to kind
of pinpoint that, but order of magnitude, obviously, we would like to invest as
much as we can in the U.S. But right now, from what we see, order of magnitude,
probably about $2.5 billion will be in the Americas, about maybe $2.5 billion
to $3 billion in Europe, including Russia and then the balance of it in Asia
Pacific. Because anything that we invest in India is with the equity affiliates
and it's not part of the numbers that I've given you.

OPERATOR: And will now go to Duffy Fischer with Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR & SENIOR CHEMICAL
ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: First question is just on the
India plant and its impact on margins in EMEA. It sounded like you are negative
$160 million year-over-year, but you said you would be up 100 bps without that.
260 bps of delta seems like a lot of influence from 1 plant. Can you just walk
through the economics and why that's such a big hit to that region?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, since Simon was talking about
Europe, I'll have him answer that. Go ahead, Simon.

SIMON R. MOORE: Yes, thanks, Duffy. So 2 things to remember,
first of all, this is a great project. Very, very good returns on this project.
But the natural gas prices are extremely high in India. I think they are in the
range of $12 per million BTUs. So you have a very large hydrogen plant, very
high natural gas prices. So that has a pretty significant dilutive effect on
the margins, and I think you've seen that over the last few quarters. We also,
by the way, had some additional energy pass-through in Europe. And just one
final point is, in Q4, we'll lap it, so you won't see a year-over-year delta
next quarter.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. And then just to go back to the
buckets on the capital allocation, in the $7 billion that you called out as
being large energy projects, how much of that would actually be coal
gasification in China versus all other?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Duffy, I give more details, and
obviously, the investors want even more details. We thought we have gone a long
way by actually breaking down that. But out of the $7 billion, I expect
approximately $5 billion will be in China.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So what are margin utilization rates in
Europe and Asia where you are seeing positive pricing? And how does that
compare to Americas where pricing is still flat? I know you mentioned in the
response to earlier question that you're -- in America, just selling with
lower-priced -- not lower price, the lower price customers, but can you just
compare the utilization rates?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. Our utilization rate in the
Americas is around 77% to 78%. Utilization in Europe is around 80%. In China,
the industry utilization is around 55% to 60% but Air Products' utilization
rate -- because we haven't built a lot of merchant plants, our utilization in
China right now is at around 82% to 84%. So that is where we are and you can,
obviously, correlate pricing to the utilization rate. I mean it's obvious, if
you are selling a commodity in LOX/LIN and that is totally subject to
supply/demand.

P.J. JUVEKAR: And you acquired Shell coal gasification technology,
has that improved your competitiveness in bidding for coal gasification
projects? And are there any projects outside of China that you're looking at?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: P.J., I cannot -- now that the deal is
closed, this has been a fantastic deal for us and it has created significant
opportunities, and we are seeing a lot of things that we didn't see before. So
I'm very happy with the acquisition. In addition to that, that has opened up
significant opportunities outside of China, yes. We are very pleased with the
acquisition. It was the right thing to do. We have gotten a lot of very capable
and very talented people and that has given us, I think, at the end, it will
give us a significant competitive edge.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Any particular regions outside of China?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Outside of China, it will be -- it is
places like Indonesia, Australia, Middle East, Europe. It's all over the place
-- and the United States. But please, when I'm talking about Shell, I need to
clarify. We bought 2 technologies from Shell, one is for coal gasification and
the other one is for liquid gasification. The liquid gasification is also
important because P.J., as you know very well, a lot of the refineries need to
upgrade their bottom-of-the barrel because of the IMO 2020. One of the ways to
solve the problem of dealing with high sulfur residue is better than coking it,
is to use that liquid and gasify it. That is what Saudi Arabia is doing with
the Jazan project. So that, I think, it will open up opportunities for us
because we own the Shell technology for liquid gasification.

OPERATOR: We'll go to Christopher Parkinson with Crédit
Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: So clearly hydrogen appears to be the key
driver of the positive momentum in volumes. Can you use it on the -- some other
key end markets as well? Is anything surprising to the upside or downside
versus your initial expectations at the beginning of the year? And then just
also, any long-term comments on your outlooks for -- you hit on this a little
on energy and then also environment. Thank you.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, thank you very much, Chris. In
terms of the day-to-day things, obviously, we are seeing economic development
in the U.S., which is helping with the utilization rates a little bit,
although, it's not as robust as we hope. But in China, the growth has not
slowed down, and we are growing very well there. In India, we don't
consolidate, but the growth rates are very good. And, quite frankly, as I think
I have mentioned to you before on one-on-one, Europe has been a surprise on the
positive side because, quite frankly, we thought that with the Brexit and all
of that, that European economy will suffer, it has not. So as a result, it's
not growing very fast, but it is tightening, and you can see that the pricing
is improving there. So those are overall, the positive things. Then with
respect to the very big projects, yes, we are very optimistic about that. There
is significant activity with respect to big projects in China and in Middle
East, in Russia, in the U.S. So you see a lot of so-called megaprojects.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Great. And you've also been
successful in establishing a portfolio, which lends itself to the onsite utility-type
model. Can you sort of remind us of your longer-term goals in terms of
projected earnings stability just with any details or consideration for both
the composition of your backlog and projected capital deployment?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure, Chris. Obviously, if you go on my
wish list, I hope that 5 years from now, 75% of our business is onsite. And I
think that will probably happen with the way that we are deploying the capital.
Our base business, merchant business and packaged gases business will continue
to grow. We are not going more onsite at the expense of that business. But that
business, which is our liquid business and our packaged gases business is going
to grow with global GDP, 2%, 2.5%, 3%, 3.5% a year. But our ambitions are
significantly higher than that. We want to grow the company by more than 10%,
as we have done in the past 4 years. That means that by default, although our
base business is not -- is continuing to grow, our onsite business will grow
faster, therefore, when you put it all together, hopefully by 2023, 75% of Air
Products business will be onsite, which will be very stable and very profitable
in terms of not only margins, but also in terms of internal capital employed.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to Steve Byrne with Bank of America
Merrill Lynch.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, perhaps Simon pulled a fast one on you and
changed the order of the slides and moved the Asia segment to be discussed
first instead of last, but I suspect from your commentary about capital
allocation by region, that was intentional. Would you say in this Five-Year
Plan that could become your largest segment?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, first of all, I'd like to make a
comment. I just landed from a 14-hour overnight flight, and I just came to the
office. So I think you need to give me a little bit of a break for not having
-- mixing up Gases Americas and Gases Asia. But Simon was -- the slides are in
the right order, but I just -- when I was looking at that, I just read Gases
Americas rather than Gases Asia. But right now, when you look at our Americas
business, I think we have disclosed that, that's about a $4 billion business.
Our Asia business is right now, running at around 2.2%, 2.3%. With the capital deployment
programs that we have, our Americas section will grow, but I think in 5 years,
I don't expect Asia to be double in size, but it might. It might become our
biggest region by 2023-24. And right now, we are -- I mean if it grows with the
kind of EBITDA margin that we have, which is 43%, that would be very good.

STEVE BYRNE: Okay. And trust me, Seifi, that was just all in
fun. But with respect to Asia and your outlook for coal gasification,
obviously, it's a strong market opportunity in terms of demand and you have
technology. But would you also say that you -- in the competitive bidding
process, it's maybe a little less intense, particularly on bids that include
the gasifier in addition to the air separation units?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That is not the case. We just lost a big
coal gasification project to one of our competitors. I, obviously, don't want
to mention who it is. But if people are telling you they are not pursuing coal
gasification in China, you should ask them again. Everybody is there. Everybody
is eager to win a project, and as I said, we just, last month, we saw -- we
lost a coal gasification project in China, in southern China, to one of our
competitors who claims they are not that excited about China. So everybody is
there, my friend. Nobody -- when people look at these projects, and the size
and the profitability, they are not going to give us a break. They are
following us where we are going.

OPERATOR: Next is John Roberts with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: First, a
question about pricing in Europe and then maybe a follow-up on the
environmental CapEx allocation that you've got. In Europe, that record 3% price
increase, I can imagine that CO2 kind of contributed to that, and I would think
Praxair and Linde are not being that aggressive on price given they're in front
of regulators. So what's allowing you right now to achieve that kind of price
versus in past periods?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I would say good execution, but
again, since Simon made comments about Europe, Simon, would you like to answer
that?

SIMON R. MOORE: So Jean, obviously, we can't speak to what
the competition is doing. The teams is working hard on pricing in the Europe region,
and we did emphasize that we saw a lot of the strength in packaged gas here
this past quarter. So quite frankly, good job by the team.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. And from CO2, it was very little,
David, not significant.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: On the $7 billion that you're going
to put into energy and environmental, obviously, environmental in the past with
Tees Valley and some of the earlier projects, you're probably not headed down
that path again. But what are your thinking about there when you say environmental?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: What we are talking about is projects
that would take the -- would help with solving environmental issues. The
biggest thing that we are referring to is, number one, this IMO 2020, where
people have to do something with the bottom-of-the-barrel. And the second thing
that we are talking about is coal gasification, which is a much more
environmentally friendly, of using the coal rather than burning it in a power
plant to generate power.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Okay. So you're including coal
gasification when you say environmental?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes.

OPERATOR: Next is John McNulty with BMO Capital Markets.

JOHN PATRICK MCNULTY, ANALYST, BMO CAPITAL MARKETS EQUITY
RESEARCH: With regard to the backlog, it seems like it's been kind of static
here for, I guess, the last quarter or 2 and I know you have a number of
opportunities that you highlighted. I guess at least in terms of where you
think the capital is going to get deployed. I guess how are you thinking about
the timing of when we may start hearing about some of these and getting the
contracts to kind of the finish line? And I think you mentioned it in the
beginning that you didn't see the tariff issues necessarily having any impact
on this. So I guess what's holding up to some of the announcement on this? Or
is it just simply a timing issue?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, John, you're putting me in a
position that especially my lawyer is sitting here and saying, don't make too
many forward-looking statements here. But we are working on, obviously, on a
lot of projects. But, quite frankly, John, this is a formal call. This is not a
casual conversation. I'm the Chairman of the company, and I'm saying that we
feel very confident about deploying the capital. So I can only say that if I
see a backlog of projects that we are working on. Now when they are going to
come to fruition, and when are we going to be able to announce them? I mean I,
obviously can't predict that, but we definitely have a robust number of
projects that we are definitely working on. No question.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to Vincent Andrews with Morgan
Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Seifi, just looking at Slide 24, the project slide, and I know you
guys are out of the telling us what the EPS contribution is from new projects.
But you've got a bunch of stuff that is scheduled to come online in fiscal '19,
so as we think about our model, if you can give us any update or any color sort
of on first half, second half, second quarter, fourth quarter, just sort of any
sense or dimension around the start-ups there.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well on that one, Andrew, one thing that
we have said, and we stand behind that is that we want to grow EPS at least
10%. So you should expect that our guidance for 2019 will be 10% higher than
2018. I mean unless the world falls apart, but other than that, in terms of the
specifics, I think we are very specific in terms of the timing of these things.
But to break it down by quarter, well, these are plants, new plants, start-up.
The customer has to be ready and all of that, so I will be a little bit
hesitant to start pinpointing it by quarter, but overall, as I said, on overall
basis, obviously, we need the contribution of these projects in order to
deliver the 10%. And Simon, would you like to make...

SIMON R. MOORE: Yes. Just obviously, Vincent, Seifi again
reminded us that we have made a specific comment around the Lu'An project and
we'd expect that to deliver at least $0.25 next year, so...

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: And just as a follow-up there was
something written during the quarter about a CO2 shortage in Europe, it doesn't
seem like it was an issue within your results, but any comments there,
vis-Ã -vis, your results?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the reason is that we are not very
big in CO2 in Europe, so the whole event didn't have too much of an impact on
us at all.

OPERATOR: And next is Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research
Partners.

MATTHEW P. DEYOE, VP, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS, LLC: This
is Matt on for Kevin. If we were to rewind to this time last year, the company
was discussing the possibility of participating in remedy asset divestitures
from Praxair-Linde about like $1 billion in revenue. Now since then Messer and
Nippon Sanso seem to have secured the divested assets, but can you kind of walk
through what were the primary reasons for why you ended up taking a pass on the
businesses given just the capital deployment targets the company has?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We didn't take a pass. The regulators
decided to give us a pass. We would -- yes, we would have -- we have always
said we are very interested in that, but the regulators decided that we should
go do other things.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: No, that's helpful. I might have missed this. I was jumping around a
little bit. But gases global kind of showed a nice sequential uptick in EBIT
despite the ongoing headwinds from the lower Jazan sales, what was behind the
improvement there?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Simon?

SIMON R. MOORE: Yes, again, I would just point out that the
technical term for a Jazan is lumpy. So it moves around a little bit especially
sequentially.

OPERATOR: We'll go to Jim Sheehan with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY,
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Could you remind us about what you're expecting from
currency that's incorporated into the fourth quarter guidance?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Jim, so year-to-date, we are at
about $0.20 earnings per share versus prior year through 3 quarters. And our
view, as always, is we just assume things kind of move sideways from where they
are as we are closing the quarter. And so if we look at that, we think it's
going to be flat, may be a modest headwind in our fourth quarter versus the
prior year, given where the currencies are now.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: And could you comment on which end
markets you're seeing the most strength in besides refining?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Around the world -- we don't usually
comment by markets, but overall, in the U.S., it's really most of the sectors,
whether it is food, whether it is steel, whether it is -- all of the other
things. In China, it is obviously consumer demand for the products that they
have, and around the world, so it's a mix. It's not any very particular market
that suddenly has started contributing to our bottom line. As you know, we have
more than 60,000 customers around the world, so -- we do not see any suddenly
one sector growing 10%. It's just across the board, and that's the good thing
about our company because we had exposure to all of these businesses.

OPERATOR: And we will go to Laurence Alexander with
Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: A very quick one and given end of the call
is, can you characterize how your cash tax rate will evolve as your mix shifts
around the world or as the types of projects shift, was that -- seems to be
affecting the conversion of EBITDA growth into distributable cash flow.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, that's a very good question and
since it's a very difficult question, I'll give it to Scott to answer.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, back to your comment around
forward-looking statements, right, Seifi? So if I just ground again for this
year in terms of a book for the fourth quarter, we're thinking about 20, so
we'll come in for year in total a little bit about -- above 19. And then as we
go forward from a cash tax perspective, obviously, we were focused on making more
money in all parts of the world. About 400 or so cash taxes for this year, and
early indications, you could assume roughly about the same for next year.
Again, it depends on the amounts, it depends on the locations. I think in terms
of a percent of cash taxes, as a percent of pretax earnings, kind of the high
teens is what we would say going forward is a reasonable assumption at this
point.

OPERATOR: We'll go to Mike Sison with KeyBanc.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, MD & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, volumes have been
pretty good this year and just your -- just wanted your general thoughts, do
you think this industrial economy is kind of at a pretty good level? Is it
getting better? Is it -- when you think about heading into '19?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, right now, the way we see it, China
is going to continue to be strong. We don't see any sign of slow down there. I
hope Europe stays where it is, which means that, although it's not growing very
fast, it's not going down. And the U.S. obviously, depends on the effect of the
tax cut and all of that. But right now, it looks okay. So we continue to -- go
ahead.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Sorry. Just a quick one on '19, how
much volume will come from projects coming onstream? I don't know if I -- I
apologize if I missed that earlier.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I can't give you an exact number on that
because then you'll pretty quickly figure out what we should do next year. But
overall, I -- we usually don't give that number out, so if you excuse us for
that. We don't like to break that down because then people can figure out
exactly what the return on the projects are and all that.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Well, thank you.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: With that, I think there are no more
questions. I just like to thank everybody again for being on the call. Thank
you for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentations. We
very much appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing our
results with you again next quarter. Have a great day and all the best. Thank
you.

OPERATOR: And thank you very much. That does conclude our
conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation, and
you may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding
a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072618a11592619.719










 EQUITY RESEARCH (94%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); ALLIANCES &
PARTNERSHIPS (90%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); LAWYERS (67%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (96%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%)










 APD (NYSE) (96%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710 (TSE)
(84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%);
DB (NYSE) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (71%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (96%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (96%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6211
SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120
SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6798 REAL
ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210
CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%);
SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); SIC6021 NATIONAL
COMMERCIAL BANKS (71%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES
(70%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); EQUITY RESEARCH (94%); BANKING & FINANCE
(92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GAS
MFG (90%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (77%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%); LAWYERS (67%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 July 30, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
26, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 9202 words

Corporate Participants

* Corning F. Painter

 and 

. -
EVP of Industrial Gases

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* Michael Joseph Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division - MD &
Equity Research Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Director and Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Air Products and
Chemicals Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Vickie. Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to Air Products' Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Results Teleconference.

This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations.
I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and
CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;
and Corning Painter, Air Products' Executive Vice President responsible for
Industrial Gases. After our comments, we will be pleased to take your
questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure that can be found in our earnings release
and on Slide #2.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today.
We do appreciate your interest in Air Products.

The talented, motivated and committed team at Air Products
delivered yet another excellent set of safety and financial results in the
second quarter of fiscal year 2018.

Our adjusted earning per share of $1.71 were up 20% versus last
year. This is the 16th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year
EPS growth, and the fourth consecutive quarter we have delivered EPS growth of
more than 15%. We continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas
company in the world with EBITDA margins over 34% for the quarter. And most
importantly, we have a great team of focused and committed people at Air
Products who work hard every day to serve our customers and create value for
our shareholders.

Now please turn to Slide #3. We continue to improve our
safety results with a reduction of 71% in our lost time injury rate and a
reduction of 57% in our recordable injury rate. These results can only happen
when all of our 15,000 employees around the world are totally focused on safety
and continuous improvement. This same commitment to operational excellence is
what is driving our strong financial performance.

Now please turn to Slide #4, which is our goal for the
company: to be the most -- the safest, most diverse and most profitable
industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our
customers.

Now please turn to Slide #5. Our overall management
philosophy that we have talked to you about many times in the last 4 years. We
continue to be focused on shareholder value, cash generation, capital
allocation, and an empowered and decentralized organization.

On Slide #6, you can see our 5-point plan, which has been
the road map to our success over the last 4 years.

Now please turn to Slide #7. We have delivered on the promises
that we made to you over 3 years ago. We have become the safest and most
profitable industrial gas company in the world. We have divested our noncore
assets and created the best balance sheet in the industry. And we have
delivered greater than 10% per year earning per share growth in each of the
last 3 years with our guidance for this year implying yet another year of over
10% growth.

In summary, we have delivered what we promised. And as a
result, we now have the balance sheet and are well positioned to grow Air
Products as we move forward. We continue to see great opportunities in the 3
areas that I have talked to you about previously. To mention them again. First,
acquisitions of small and medium-sized industrial gas companies or assets or
businesses from other industrial gas companies. Second, the opportunity to
purchase existing industrial gas facilities from our customers where we own and
operate the plant and sell industrial gases to the customer based on a fixed
fee under a long-term contract. This is what we call asset buybacks, and we see
opportunities for oxygen, hydrogen and syngas plants around the world in this
category. And the third area of opportunity is very large industrial gas
projects around the world, driven by demand for more energy, environmental
requirements and emerging market growth.

Now please turn to Slide #8, where I would like to provide
an update on one of our exciting projects, that is a great example of the
growth opportunities I just talked about. We announced the $1.3 billion Lu'An
syngas joint venture in September of last year. As a reminder, the joint
venture will be 60% owned and majority controlled by Air Products. Lu'An
provides coal, steam and power to the joint venture, and the joint venture will
supply syngas to Lu'An. The joint venture will be paid a fixed fee value by
Lu'An under a long-term contract. Our team has been working closely with Lu'An
and the many government agencies in China to get final approval so that we can
formally close the transaction. We had indicated before that we expected this
to be done by this summer. I am very pleased to announce today that due to the
outstanding efforts of Air Products' team and the efficient and cooperative
support of government entities in China, we formally closed this transaction
just a few hours ago. I'd like to repeat that, since this is not in our press
release because it happened just a few hours ago, we now are formally closed on
the transaction with Lu'An, and we own the facilities.

Now that the transaction is closed, we will begin receiving
our monthly fee from Lu'An based on the gradual start-up of the facility. That
is why we have included a modest contribution of about $0.04 in our updated
2018 full year EPS guidance, as well as including approximately 400 -- $500
million in our CapEx guidance. I would like to confirm that we expect this
transaction to contribute about $0.25 to our earning per share for full 2019.

This project is a perfect fit with our strategy and a great
example of the investment opportunities in our core Industrial Gases business.
It is an asset buyback of an expanded scope project under the onsite business
model.

Now please go to Slide #9, which shows you the result of our
3 key metrics for the quarter and the year. We remain committed to our goal to
be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world, as measured by each
of these 3 metrics.

Finally, please turn to Slide #10, which, obviously,
continues to be my favorite slide. It's great to see sustainable margins in the
mid-30s range. The chart also reminds us how far we have come in only a few
years.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon
to make some closing remarks, and then we will be pleased to answer your
questions. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Please turn to Slide 11 for our
Q2 results.

Sales of $2.2 billion increased 9% versus last year, on 4%
higher volumes and 5% higher currency. We saw volume increases across all 3
regions, partially offset by lower activity from the Jazan project in global
gases. Excluding Jazan, volumes were up 10% with about half from new plants.
Pricing was up 1%, primarily driven by the China merchant business. Positive
currency was driven by the euro, British pound and the Chinese RMB.

EBITDA of $739 million improved by 13%, driven by the higher
volumes, positive pricing and currency. EBITDA margin of 34.3% was up 140 basis
points, primarily on the higher volumes. Sequential volumes were down and
margins were up due to the plant sale in China last quarter. Net income and
adjusted earnings per share both increased by 20% versus prior year. ROCE of
11.8% declined 50 basis points versus last year, despite the profit increase.
This is because the denominator of the ROCE calculation increased as a result
of the gain from the PMD sale. The denominator is based on a 5-quarter average.
Q2 FY '18 includes 5 quarters that include the PMD gain. While Q2 FY '17 only
had 1 quarter with the PMD gain.

Please turn to Slide 12. We had 1 non-GAAP item this
quarter, as we recognized an income tax benefit of $39 million due to the
restructuring of select foreign subsidiaries. Our adjusted Q2 continuing
operations EPS of $1.71 increased $0.28 or 20% versus last year. Overall,
higher volumes increased EPS by $0.12 per share. Price and raw materials, taken
together, increased EPS by $0.02.

Net cost performance was unfavorable $0.06, as productivity
was offset by a few factors including inflation, higher incentive compensation,
a legal settlement and the end of a cost reimbursement for our Port Arthur CO2
project.

In addition, as you would expect, we are incurring higher
costs associated with the exciting growth opportunities we are pursuing.

Finally, as I mentioned previously, this cost major factor
includes the transition service agreements, or TSAs, we had been providing to
both Evonik and Versum. The Evonik TSA ended in Q1 and the Versum TSA ended in
Q2. We did take actions to reduce the costs associated with providing these
services. But as expected, we saw a small timing gap in Q2. Going forward, we
don't expect to see any impact from the TSAs. Currency and foreign exchange was
$0.09 favorable, primarily due to the euro, British pound and the Chinese RMB.
Equity affiliate income added $0.03 due to currency and underlying strength
across several of our JVs, particularly Mexico. The overall tax rate was a
$0.09 benefit versus last year. As expected, the lower tax rate due to the new
tax act increased EPS by about $0.06 per share. The other $0.03 was due to
geographical earnings mix and a larger impact from accounting for share-based
compensation. For the full year 2018, we expect to see a tax rate of
approximately 20%, including the benefit of the new tax act. Noncontrolling
interest, interest expense, shares outstanding and other nonoperating income
totaled $0.01 unfavorable.

Now please turn to Slide 13. We had another strong cash flow
quarter in Q2, with over $500 million of distributable cash flow. And
investable cash flow was up almost $150 million to a total of $300 million.
Investable cash flow is the amount of cash we have discretion or a choice to
deploy to create shareholder value. In other words, cash available after we pay
interest, taxes, maintenance CapEx and dividends. Through 2 quarters,
investable cash flow is almost $650 million.

Turning to Slide 14. I would like to update you on the
capital deployment capacity that we have available for major projects and
acquisitions. We have about $3 billion of cash and short-term investments
available to invest as of March 31. Our debt balance as of March 31 is about
$3.5 billion. As you know, we have an active dialogue with the rating agencies
and are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted
A/A2 rating. At this point, we believe this should enable a debt level of at
least 2.5x EBITDA or about $7.5 billion. This provides about $4 billion of debt
capacity to invest. So in total, we have about $7 billion we can deploy today,
while maintaining our A/A2 rating. In addition, we expect to generate over $1
billion per year of investable cash. Again, that's after paying taxes,
interest, maintenance CapEx and dividends. So over the next 5 years, we expect
to have at least $13 billion available to invest, which does not include
leverage above 2.5x or extra capacity from investing in profitable projects.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING F. PAINTER, EVP OF INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. All 3 industrial gas regional segments
delivered strong volume results with a combination of new plants coming
onstream and higher base business sales. EBITDA was up in all 3 regions with
particular strength in EMEA and Asia. I would like to thank our team, who
remains focused on driving improvement in our existing business while we pursue
exciting new opportunities like Lu'An.

Now please turn to Slide 15 for a review of our Gases
Americas results. For the quarter, sales were up 3%, primarily driven by higher
volumes. Hydrogen demand was again strong, despite the lower Gulf -- the lower
Gulf coast demand during early in the quarter due to severe winter weather
there. The merchant business achieved positive growth, overcoming the
terminated wholesale contract I mentioned last quarter. Overall Latin American
merchant volumes were slightly higher versus prior year on strength,
particularly in Brazil. Overall pricing impact was again slightly positive, but
rounded to flat as our pricing actions were partially offset by negative mix.
We continue to work hard on pricing and just announced an argon price increase.
The extreme weather, I mentioned, impacted both our and our customers'
operations. Our team worked tirelessly in challenging conditions to minimize
the impact to our customers. I would like to extend my gratitude to the whole team
for their excellent work and dedication.

EBITDA was up 3% compared to prior year, as contributions
from higher volumes and underlying productivity more than offset the adverse
weather impact and several of the cost items that Scott mentioned. Sequentially,
volume was down due to the winter weather impacts, while EBITDA improved due to
reduced maintenance costs.

In Q3, we expect maintenance costs to increase as several
major plant turnarounds are scheduled for our hydrogen business. These plants
operate at high temperatures and typically have major turnarounds every 4 years
or so. So the maintenance costs will vary quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year.
Some of these plants have been in operation for over 20 years, and the good
news is that we've been able to extend the original contracts. As you would
expect, more work is done during an outage for these older plants. And this is
part of our commitment to reliably serve our customers.

Partially offsetting the higher maintenance, we expect a
positive impact associated with a customer terminating a contract for an old
flue-gas desulfurization plant.

Now please turn to Slide 16 to review our Europe, Middle
East and Africa business. Sales were up 36% with volumes up 20%, pricing up 1%
and currency up 15%.

Our new hydrogen plant in India, in its third full quarter
of operation, contributed about 3 quarters of the volume growth. Other onsite
volumes were up, driven by strong hydrogen demand in our Rotterdam franchise.
And despite Easter shifting into Q2 this year, merchant volumes were up
supported by both liquid bulk and packaged gases with a modest contribution
from a few small acquisitions. Overall pricing was up 1% as a result of our
pricing program success. EBITDA was up 29% compared to prior year, underpinned by
the new plant in India, merchant sales and pricing actions, and favorable
currency. EBITDA margin of 32% was down 160 basis points, but excluding the new
plant in India, which is comparatively high natural gas costs, EBITDA margin
was up slightly from prior year.

Please turn to Slide 17, Gases Asia, where we continued to
deliver strong sales and profit growth. Sales increased 28% compared to prior
year, driven by 17% higher volumes, 3% positive pricing and 8% favorable
currency impact. New onsites contributed just over half of the 17% volume
growth. Base business contributed about 1/3, while net acquisitions and
divestitures added another 2%. Pricing for the region was up 3% versus prior
year and down 1% sequentially. The supply and demand balance and our shift to
retail sales in China remain positives for us. As we predicted in our last
call, sequential pricing dipped slightly due to demand easing with the Lunar
New Year holidays and the spot opportunity last quarter. Between our approach
to the market and the improved market conditions, we believe we are positioned
to continue the positive pricing trend which began in Q3 of FY '17.

Strong volume, higher pricing and favorable currency drove
the 30% EBITDA increase. EBITDA margin was up 70 basis points, primarily due to
higher pricing. Sequential comparisons were impacted by the contract
termination and plant sale in the prior quarter and the Lunar New Year.
Excluding the plant sale, profit was nearly flat compared to Q1 despite the
Lunar New Year slowdown.

Seifi provided an exciting update on the Lu'An project. The
team welcomes this new opportunity while we continue to execute on the base
business, productivity and safety.

In February, we announced a significant win to supply
Samsung Electronics' second semiconductor fab in Xi'an, China. Air Products has
been successfully supplying Samsung's first Xi'an fab since 2014. This is our
third major announcement related to Samsung since the beginning of the year.
The others being Pyeongtaek and Tangjeong, Korea.

Finally, please turn to Slide 18 for a brief comment on our
Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment
business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales and profits
were down as we get closer to the end of the Jazan sale of equipment project.
We expect this to result in lower revenue in FY '18, while profits should be
about flat. We continue to make great progress on the Jazan project, and as we
have said, expect onstreams in phases early in fiscal 2019.

Now, I'll turn the call back to Simon for a comment on our
corporate segment.

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to Slide 19.
Our Corporate segment includes our LNG business, our helium container business
and our corporate costs. Sales were flat as LNG project activity remains weak.
However, there are some signs of renewed interest in future LNG projects.
Corporate costs were up slightly in part due to the higher growth-related costs
that Scott mentioned. For FY '18, we still don't anticipate an earnings
headwind for the Corporate segment.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you, again, Simon. Let me take a
few moment to talk about Air Products' exciting future. Our team around the
world feels very proud of what we have achieved in the last few years. Our
safety, productivity and operating performance continue to provide us the
opportunity to build on our success. As I said before, we now have the balance
sheet and organization to aggressively pursue growth. We remain very optimistic
about Air Products' future. While we cannot predict or control worldwide
political or economic developments, we do have control over the operational
performance and growth of Air Products. And we are confident that we will
continue to deliver on our commitments.

As Scott discussed, our very strong balance sheet and cash
flow provide us the capacity to invest at least $13 billion over the next 5
years. I continue to believe that we will be able to develop, win and execute
projects in our core industrial gas business so that we can deploy all of this
capital in the next 5 years. We continue to see great opportunities in mergers
and acquisitions, asset buybacks and large new projects, as well as significant
number of more typical industrial gas projects.

Now please turn to Slide #20. We are all working very hard
every day to be the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas
company in the world, providing excellent service to our customers.

Continuing our positive momentum, we have again increased
our guidance for the year to a range of $7.25 to $7.40 per share. At midpoint,
this is up $0.08 from the guidance we gave you last quarter, in part due to the
closing of the Lu'An project. Our new guidance represents 15% to 17% growth
over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain confident in our
ability to deliver on our commitments to grow EPS by at least 10% each year in
the foreseeable future.

For quarter 3 of fiscal year 2018, our earning per share
guidance is $1.80 to $1.85, up 9% to 12% over last year.

Including the Lu'An project, we now expect our capital
expenditure to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $2 billion in fiscal year
2018.

Now please turn to Slide #21, where I want to point out, as
I have done before, that we believe our real competitive advantage is the
commitment and motivation of the great team we have at Air Products. This is
what allows us to generate the superior safety and operational performance that
you can see today.

I want to thank all of our 15,000 people around the world
for their total commitment and hard work, and I'm very proud to be part of this
winning team.

Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first
question today from Don Carson with Susquehanna.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a question on base business. Scott, you
mentioned that if you take out Jazan, your volume was up about 10%, half of the
new plant, half base business. There appears to be a pickup from last quarter
when I think base business was only contributing about 2%. So can you comment
on the base business outlook or merchant loadings improving? And as a result,
should we be expecting some good incremental margins going forward from the
base business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Scott, would you like to?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. As you pointed out, we had good
performance on the base business across each of the geographies with
fundamental improvements. And who knows what the future holds, but we feel as
though the loadings will continue to improve. I think it's been mentioned in
the past, we've been in Asia, we're in the low 80% capacity utilization, and in
Europe, we've crept up to a 1% of these. So that's improved as well. So we feel
very good about what we see in this quarter and are cautiously optimistic about
the outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Don, this is Seifi, if I may add. We do
see positive momentum in volumes. And, obviously, if there is positive momentum
on volumes, pricing will follow. So we are actually more bullish than we have
been before.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: And Seifi, what's the competitive
environment for bidding on some of these major new projects? I assume your
primary competitors have other issues that are causing not to be as aggressive
in going after some of these new projects. So who is the real competition and
what does the competitive environment imply for returns on these new projects?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the competitive environment hasn't
changed that much. Our major competitors are all very strong, and they compete
with us on every project, and the customers make sure that they get competitive
bids. But as you know, we had a return expectation on these projects, which we
have disclosed very publicly, at least 10% internal rate of return. And because
of the competitive pressure, the returns are below that. They just don't take
the projects. So that's our guiding principle, whether there is competition or
not. We, obviously, have had a lot of good projects and significantly higher
than that. But that is our threshold. And if another one of our competitors
wants to take the project for lower return, then they get it.

OPERATOR: And the next question will come from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Could I
just confirm that you're still in discussions to possibly acquire some of the
assets for sale related to the Praxair-Linde merger?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: John, I cannot comment on that, please.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Okay. And then the $0.18 non-GAAP
benefit in the quarter, could you just talk about what were the activities that
generated that?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: It's part of a restructuring of a
acquisition that we did some time ago, when we moved some legal entities and
were able to get that sort of a benefit. And so, as I mentioned, some foreign
subsidiaries win made some adjustments that contributed to that.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We have been working on this thing for a
while. It's a matter of the consolidation of some of the subsidiaries that when
you consolidate it, you get a tax benefit, and that is what the number is.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: And then, maybe since the first
question couldn't get answered. The unfavorable cost year-over-year on Slide 12
that you had, what would you expect going forward without the TSAs and CO2
reimbursement issue?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We will continue to have those kind of
costs, because -- I mean, it is a fact that we are working on a significant
number of projects. And as you know, the current rules are -- in the old times
when you were working on these projects out of your legal cost and your people
cost and so on, you used to charge them through the project. Now you can't do
that, you're expense it. So if we are going to deploy $13 billion, we need to
do -- to bid on a lot of projects, and we are bidding on those, and we are expecting
the cost. So that is a natural thing that is going to be with us as within
these projects.

OPERATOR: Next is Duffy Fischer with Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR CHEMICAL ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you comment just on the strength you
said you were seeing down in Mexico? Is that just general Mexican economy
getting better? Or are you guys taking some market share down there? Or is
there something dynamic happening with your business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Corning is kind of in-charge of our
business in Mexico. He will make a comment. Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Let's say, in Mexico -- excuse me, we
see improvement across several of the business lines. The packaged gas
environment is good. There is a lot of infrastructure around pipeline projects,
that sort of thing, that are going on and continue. And we've seen a pickup in
the nitrogen injection for the oilfield business there. So I'd say relatively
broad-based.

SIMON R. MOORE: And just reminding everybody that's an
equity affiliate for us. So you wouldn't actually see the volume in our
reported numbers.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Fair. And then, can you comment on
the progression of the Lu'An City project? What's the time line look like there
and when might we get an announcement on that project?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We continue to make progress. That is a
huge project and it involves a lot of different entities. I don't want to put a
time line on it, because from a negotiating point of view, we don't want to
sound too anxious. But we are working on it, and it is moving forward there.

OPERATOR: And we will go to Stephen Byrne with Bank of
America Merrill Lynch.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: What would you say the primary value drivers for
owning an operating, both the ASUs and the gasifier in the Lu'An project? Is
there a -- an operating efficiency that you have by having both? Has the
combination improved the return on invested capital? Or is this an example of more
gasifier projects that you would try to differentiate yourself for?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, there are several benefits. One is,
obviously, operational efficiency and all of that, that you mentioned. But the
fundamental driver is that, when we were just supplying the oxygen, we had
deployed $300 million of our business had a return. Now we are deploying $800
million of our business, at the same kind of return or even higher. So that
means that this is an opportunity for us to create growth so that we can invest
more capital at the kind of returns we are talking about. So I mean, everybody
gets excited about GDP going up 2% and creates growth. But like this, we are
creating growth despite GDP, gives us opportunities to significantly deploy
additional amount of capital.

STEVE BYRNE: And then Seifi, you always comment on the
safety performance of the company. Would you say commensurate with that there
has also been an improvement in operating efficiency of your facilities and/or
less downtime?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, of course. Because look at our
EBITDA margin. We've gone from 23%, 24% to 34%. That is almost $700 million,
$800 million of improvement. Obviously, that has come up through the fact that
the company is running better and is much more efficient. Yes. I think that is
one of the reason -- I mean, safety is the moral responsibility. We don't want
anybody to get hurt. But a company who has a good safety record at the levels
that we are achieving, definitely has excellent operational efficiency.

OPERATOR: Next is Jim Sheehan with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you talk about merchant operate --
operating rates in North America as well? I think you covered the other
regions, but didn't mention North America.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Corning can comment on that.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So we have the termination of a
very large, long-term wholesale agreement. And I'd say, we have largely
replaced that on the LOX/LIN side. I think the argon's going to take a little
bit longer. However, certain tightness in the argon market has certainly helped
us to move that along. And today, I'd say, we are in the mid to slightly below
7 -- mid-70s range in terms of our loading. But that's an improving story for
us. And I think the ground the team has covered in replacing that volume is
just tremendous performance.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Great. And as far as crude oil prices
moving higher, how do you see that factoring into your 2018 outlook? Is that a
major tailwind for you?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jim, we've always said that crude oil
prices doesn't affect our business that much, because we are not very involved
into upstream side of the oil business. So that's not going to be material to
us.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to Chris Parkinson with Crédit
Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just walk us through just an
update on Jazan given a little bit of noise in the quarter? And what you are up
actually (inaudible) for the balance of fiscal year '18? And more importantly,
just anything preliminary under thoughts on the cadence ramp in fiscal years
'19 and '20? So any thoughts on that will be greatly appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'm sorry, Chris, the connection is not
that great. So I didn't fully understand you. Simon, can you help me out?

SIMON R. MOORE: So, Chris, I think your question was, so if
you could give an update on Jazan, kind of where we stand on the project and
how it looks over the next couple of years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Sorry, Chris, I didn't hear you on
the phone that I'm on. Chris, we are making...

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: My apologies.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, no. No problem at all. Not your
fault. We are making excellent project on Jazan. We are ahead of the schedule.
We are close to 90% done with the project. And we fully expect that to come
onstream at the time that we expected. So we are -- it's a very positive story
for us. It has demonstrated to our very, very important customer, Aramco, that
Air Products can deliver, and Air Products is capable of executing a $2 billion
project in the middle of the desert. So it's a very good story for us, and it's
a great achievement for our people. We are all very proud of them.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Great. And just second question on
backlog. The vast majority of your backlog is overwhelmingly onsite sticky
business. But can you comment on any particular end markets you'd like to
further increase your exposure to over time? Is CO2 something we should be
paying incremental attention to given the recent transaction? Just any broad
insight on your thinking there would be appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Absolutely, Chris. In -- on a very macro
basis, we always say energy, environment and emerging markets. But particular
sectors, we are very focused on the oil and gas sector, obviously, in the
downstream side, especially chemicals, and also coal gasification. Those are
the areas that we are very focused, and there are significant amount of
projects, as you know. A lot of the major oil companies are switching from just
providing crude to going downstream. You see a major shift in what Aramco is
doing. There is a shift because of the cheap natural gas in the U.S. And there
is, obviously, the coal gasification in China, and there are significant large
projects in emerging markets. So as I said, energy, environmental requirements
and emerging markets, that's what we are focused on. And we, obviously, like
the onsite business.

OPERATOR: We'll go to David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just on America's pricing. Is pricing
proving to be more difficult to get this cycle than prior cycles, and if so, why?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: David, pricing, we are selling LOX and
LIN and LAR. Basically, we are selling a commodity. Pricing is subject to
supply, demand and utilization of our facilities. Industrial production in the
United States in the last year, 2 year is up around 4%. And we've always said
that if you see industrial production go up, utilization rates going up, then
pricing will follow. So that's just the natural course of it. And we seem to be
in that cycle right now. And if you see the results of everybody else, it
points to that direction. It just the overall industrial production activity.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very good. Understood. And just in Q3,
you mentioned some additional maintenance costs in the Americas offset by the
contract or machine. Could you quantify those elements that might impact Q3
Americas profitability?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Quantifying it would be difficult,
because then we give too much information very competitively. But the fact is,
as Corning mentioned, a lot of these plants that are undergoing so-called
turnaround are very old plants that we have won contracts 20 years ago. The
good news is that all of these contracts have been renewed, and therefore, this
is a little bit of a life extension. Some of that we report in maintenance CapEx
and some of that is on ordinary maintenance expenditure that goes to our bottom
line. It's a positive development, better than a negative development.

OPERATOR: Next is Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Seifi, I'm just wondering, as you think out over the next 5 years and
the $13 billion. I mean, do you think there's going to be an opportunity to
raise that sort of 10% minimum return target? I'm just thinking improving
economy, rising interest rates, those types of things. Do you think this would
be an opportunity to bring that up?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: To answer your question, Vincent, when we
say 10%, 10% is the minimum. We have won a lot of projects higher than that to
date. So whenever we are bidding on a project, we, obviously -- we do not price
things on a cost basis. We price things based on the competitive nature and
quite honestly, what the market bears. So we have had projects, which have been
15%, 16%. And the 10% that we keep mentioning is -- that is our kind of bottom
line, that below that, we don't take projects.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. So nothing will change there.
And just as a follow-up. Could you just remind us what you are expecting from
foreign exchange in guidance versus last quarter?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Scott, you want to mention this?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. So let me take you through.
Thanks for the question, Vince. Let me take you through. So as we mentioned,
this quarter we had versus prior year currency impact of $0.09. And at a high
level, that's -- the euro is at $0.03, RMB and the pound is at $0.02, and then
everything else makes up for the remainder of about $0.02. That's on top of
what we had last quarter of about $0.06. And as you know, what we end up doing
is we just move sideways from wherever the latest rates are. So when we look
forward now for the full year, currency would be kind of more on the -- closer
to the $0.25, we'd previously said maybe $0.10 to $0.15, but just on what's
developed, it's more like $0.25. Let me also, just for everybody, just to
reiterate a couple of the sensitivities that we tried to provide here. So first
grounded in, these are transactional exposure, right? So there's no economics,
it's just doing mathematic -- I'm sorry, translational exposure. It's just
mathematics to bring it back into the U.S. dollars. So for the euro, a 10%
swing of the euro is about $0.09 per year EPS. Same with an RMB. 10% swing is
about $0.09. And then the pound, Korean won, the Tai dollar and the Canadian
dollar, each individually would be about $0.03 to $0.04 on an annual basis EPS,
if there is a 10% swing. So I wanted to take you through that a little bit and
share with you not only what we're seeing and projection for the year, but also
the sensitivity. So, hopefully, that's helpful.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, do you consider syngas as a core
industrial gas? And when you bid for these projects, like Lu'An or YK, are you
running into other gas suppliers in the traditional competitors or is the field
wide open for you?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, we do run into them. They have their
ambitions of their own and in a lot of the projects that we've done, they have
been there. They have relationship with these customers. So it's not as if we
have a totally open field. And a lot of times, our customers don't share with
us exactly whom they were talking to. But we are approved on the basis that on
every project that we do, they are there, and our competitors are very smart
people. They see this thing as an opportunity, and they are active.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay. And then geographically, in which region
do you think you have the highest leverage to incremental sales? Or in other
words, where do you think you have the highest incremental margins going
forward?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Right now, the highest incremental margin
that we have is actually the United States for the total business, which is
around 42%. But as we move forward, we think the highest growth area for us
will be emerging markets. It will be China. It will be Middle East. It will be
places like, I mean, Russia and places like that. Those are the markets where
there are significant growth opportunities in terms of the actual sales
dollars. But in terms of margins, currently, our highest margin region is the
United States.

OPERATOR: And now we'll go to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical
Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: A number of companies across the chemical industry have cited rising
logistics costs as a challenge. I'm wondering if you're seeing that? And if so,
what mechanisms you have in place or might need in the future to combat that
tension?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: For us, that is not an issue, Kevin. You
know our business very well. Our business is very, very local. And logistics
would apply if you have a extensive packaged gases business, which we don't. So
for us, that is not an issue, Kevin.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: Okay. Very good. Then second,
question on China, if I may. We've, obviously, seen a lot of supply
restrictions for environmental reasons, and those seem to be more pronounced
over the winter time. I'm wondering if there is any impact in the seasonality
of Air Products business in China related to that? Or if that's not a factor,
and we can rely on historical patterns?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: There is no impact on us. You can rely on
historical factors. And beside that, the more pressure environmentally, the
better it is for us for the long term, because then coal gasification becomes
even more pronounced.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Corning, I might have missed a bit. Could you give me a little more
sense of in the Americas, how, I think, you should a $23 million sales
improvement, but operating profit actually declined? What were the components
that drove that?

CORNING F. PAINTER: So we have the base improvement. We had
some of the cost items that Scott mentioned, that, let's say, are little bit
less of an operating costs, but still there in our P&L.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: Okay. And then, Scott. It seems like
may be at the margin since your last update on guidance, the FX numbers are a
little better, you're throwing land in their now, and you've got maybe the tax
guidance is at the better end of things. I was a little surprised maybe there
wasn't more ambition in the earnings path. Is that a function of Jazan scaling
down? Is it a function of maybe some of these other costs continuing to stay
elevated? Why not maybe a little bit more ambition on your guide?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, we did -- we are raising our -- by
8% our guidance. So we were at $7.15 to $7.35. Now we are at $7.25 to $7.40. So
we have increased the bottom of our estimates by at least $0.10. So we -- as we
go forward, obviously, it's very difficult to predict exactly what the economy
does. We are seeing a positive momentum, and obviously, at the end of next
quarter, if things are positive, we will increase our guidance. But at this
time, we thought it's prudent to stay where we are, but we have given you all
of the elements. But you can make your judgment about where we are conservative
and when we are not.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe I'll try Bob's question in a different way.
I think operating profit and EBITDA has been flat for the first half
year-over-year, even though you're growing your volumes in the Americas 4% or
5%. Shouldn't your returns be higher than what you're reporting?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, obviously, I would like it to be
better. But we have, as Scott mentioned, Corning mentioned, some of the costs
that we have in terms of some of the turnaround costs and some of the costs for
pursuing other projects and all of that. And the fact is that we did have some
one-offs that helped us last year that do not exist this year. So if you really
take the one-offs off, we are up, and we are -- I, obviously, go through the
details of this thing. For every dollar of -- incremental dollar of sale, we
are getting $0.40 to the bottom line. So I'm not worried about the fact that we
are losing margins and so on. But when you put all of that for a big company
like us in aggregate, the result is what you see.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. And earlier in the call, I
think Scott commented on the decrease in return on capital employed
year-over-year from 12.3% to 11.8%. And I think he attributed it to some
onetime items. But if you look at the return on capital employed through the
last 4 or 5 quarters, it keeps moving incrementally lower. And it looks like
your incremental return on capital is around 9%. Can you talk about what's
going on and whether that's noise? Or when you expect to return on capital to
go up?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Scott is most qualified to answer that.
And then if there is anything, I will make a comment.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. And just back to
my prepared remarks. So as part of the gain that we had almost $2 billion in
PMD that goes into the base of that calculation. That dilutes the RC
calculation about 200 basis points. So that's my comment around, just the
mathematics as it comes for 5 quarters in the denominator associated with the
gain that we booked last year in PMD. On the increment though -- so that's the
math of that. Back to your basic question around 10% minimum, after-tax internal
rate of return on all these projects. And as those dawn and as they come out of
the backlog and start contributing, that will be accretive to the return on
capital as well.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: One other thing that I would like to add,
Jeff, is that the return on capital, the way you calculate it, if you're
comparing us to others, since we have a lot of cash, we are showing a -- that
decreases. If you actually -- if we calculate our return on capital, the way
other people are calculating it, our return on capital is about 15%. So there
is that subtle thing also.

OPERATOR: And we'll go to Mike Harrison with Seaport Global
Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: A couple of questions on the
Lu'An JV and just kind of modeling-related questions. You talked about that as
receiving a monthly fee. Should we think about that as being more of a tolling
arrangement in which you receive sort of relatively low revenues at relatively
high margins? Or do you end up taking any ownership of the raw materials, which
would make it higher revenue and lower margin?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We do not take any ownership of the raw
material.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: Okay. So it's more of a tolling --
okay.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: And then in terms of -- you
mentioned the annual EPS expectation of $0.25. But for fiscal '18, you're only
including $0.04, if I understood correctly, in the guidance. Is that due to
some start-up headwinds? And how much should we think of those start-up
headwinds as costing you in the third and fourth fiscal quarters?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, it's not a start-up headwind, Mike.
It is that our 4 gasifiers, my friend. And we get paid the monthly fee based on
these gasifiers coming onstream. So obviously, we are not starting all of the 4
gasifiers at the same time. So when the first gasifier comes onstream, we get a
certain amount. The second, the third and the fourth. And we expect to have all
of the 4 gasifiers onstream by 2019, which is in October, and then we will get
what we will get on an annual basis.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. If I can ask you one
other question, just related to the commentary on the LNG heat exchangers.
Obviously, still under some pressure now, but sounding like that activity is
picking up. What's your forecast for may be what that does as we look at 2019?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We have not seen, and we are not
expecting any substantial increase there. Therefore, we have said that we don't
really expect that business to come out of the doldrums until 2020. But if it
comes sooner, that would be a positive. But I don't expect it.

OPERATOR: And now we'll go to Mike Sison with KeyBanc.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON, MD & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, KEYBANC
CAPITAL MARKETS INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, when you -- Lu'An's going to be
a nice contributor here in '19. You have other projects when I take a look at
the major project slide coming on in '19. How much can those contribute to
earnings growth next year? And so -- yes, so that's the question.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We don't disclose that specifically. But
I have said that we expect 2019 that we increase our EPS by at least 10%. So
some of that will come from those. But if you don't mind, we don't want to
disclose the specific contribution from new projects, because then it makes it
very easy for people to calculate exactly what our returns are, and we don't
want to do that.

MICHAEL JOSEPH SISON: Okay. And then, as a follow-up. Your
electronics market on that project slide has been a good area for you this year
and in the backlog. How big of an opportunity -- how much capital can you
deploy in that market over the next couple of years?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, that market is growing very fast
right now. I think this year, if you add up, we probably have contributed more
than $300 million of new projects in there. And what will happen next year
depends on the new fabs that people build and all of that. But I'll let Corning
to make a little bit more comment on this.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. I was just in China meeting with
the team, which is where a lot of this activity is, China, Korea and Taiwan
right now. And I would say the prospect list is still quite robust for us. So
we expect another good year of hunting.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. And I would like to add that we are
very, very well positioned, by the way, on that one with the customer and all
that.

OPERATOR: We'll go to Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Could you clarify 2 things? My impression of
the traditional onsites was that once you had the oxygen ASU up and running,
you would be paid your fee regardless of if the customer was operating. But it
sounds as if with the gasifiers, if the gasifiers are down in, say, 2020 or
2025, you would then lose that part of the revenue stream. I just wanted to see
if that's correct or that's a slightly different model? And secondly...

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, no, no. Sorry to interrupt you. That
is not the case. The reason that we are getting the fee is we are getting the
fee right now for the start-up. Once we get -- we have all of the 4 gasifiers
running, then in 2020, if because of the customer demand, only 2 gasifiers are
needed to run, we still get our full BFC. So the margin is exactly the same.
It's just during the start-up period.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: Okay. And then the second one, I guess,
just to flog one of the previous forces, again. I think, you made a comment
that you were more bullish than you were on the last quarter about volumes and
then price following in the merchant business. FX is about a $0.10 tailwind.
The -- you get about $0.04 to $0.05 from the JV. And -- but you're moving the
range by only about $0.10. So the implication is that the growth investments or
the efforts to pursue other growth projects is an incremental maybe $0.05 or
$0.07 kind of drag. Is that the way you're thinking about it? Or is it more
just that you're allowing for some squishiness in the economy just because it's
only halfway through the year and you just want to have that cushion? I guess,
what I'm getting at is, are you ramping up growth investments to take advantage
of the tailwinds?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think, I don't want to confirm or not
confirm the exact numbers that you quoted. But we do see the positive effects
of the FX. We do see the positive effect of Lu'An coming onstream right now.
But as we've been saying, we do see higher maintenance cost because of the
turnaround of some of the hydrogen facilities, and we do see higher cost in
terms of pursuing other opportunities. I mean, like Yingde last year costed us
50 -- $5 million that we had to absorb in our results. So those are the 2
principal reasons that we haven't increased our guidance by more than $0.10.

OPERATOR: And gentlemen, there are no other questions at
this time.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Very good. Well, in that case then, I
would like to thank everybody again for being on the call. Thanks for taking
time from your very, very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do
appreciate your interest and look forward to discuss our results with you again
next quarter. Have a great day. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: And thank you very much. That does conclude our
conference for today. I'd like to thank everyone for your participation. And
you may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042618a11455892.792










 EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INTERIM
FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%); ALLIANCES &
PARTNERSHIPS (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (85%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA)
(83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (71%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (98%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6211
SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120
SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6798 REAL
ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210
CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%);
SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL
INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6081
BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL
BANKS (71%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (70%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); EQUITY RESEARCH (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (91%); INDUSTRIAL
GASES (91%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); CHEMICALS
(90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%);
NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%);
MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%); AGRICULTURAL
RESEARCH (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES
(76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 June 15, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
26, 2018 Friday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 10697 words

Corporate Participants

* Corning F. Painter

 and 

. -
EVP of Industrial Gases

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifi Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP & Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Director and Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Peter Osterland

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Associate

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call.

Today's call is being recorded at the request of Air
Products. Please note that this presentation and the comments made on behalf of
Air Products are subject to copyright by Air Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Don. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products' First Quarter of 2018 Earnings Results Teleconference.

This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations.
I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and
CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer;
and Corning Painter, Air Products' Executive Vice President responsible for
Industrial Gases. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure on Page 2 of the slides and in today's
earnings release.

Beginning this quarter, we adopted the new pension
accounting standard. Adopting this accounting standard is required for all companies.
We chose to adopt earlier than many. This new accounting standard does not
impact pension or overall costs or earnings per share, but it does move the
impact of non-service-related pension costs to other nonoperating income and
expense.

For FY '17, this results in a modest increase in operating
income and EBITDA of about $4 million and increases margins by 10 basis points.
This change provides a better reflection of our operating performance by moving
the historically more volatile components of pension expense, including
interest cost, expected return on assets and amortization of deferred amounts,
to nonoperating. Service costs remain in operating income as these represent
the benefits earned in the current period by plan participants. Again, just to
emphasize, this doesn't change our pension or overall costs, it just moves a
small component of cost from within operating income to nonoperating income. We
have used updated historical information for prior period comparisons in the
results reported today and you can find a summary in an appendix slide and more
detailed consolidated and segment information in the 8-K we filed today.

Now, I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you
for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. We do
appreciate your interest in Air Products.

Our talented and committed Air Products team delivered
another excellent quarter. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2018, our
record earnings per share of $1.79 was up 22% versus last year. This is the
15th consecutive quarter that we have reported year-on-year EPS growth. This is
also the third consecutive quarter we have delivered EPS growth of more than
15%. We generated strong cash flow and are pleased to announce a dividend
increase of $0.15 per share or 16%, the largest per share increase in our
history. Our annual dividend is now $4.40 per share, which equates to returning
almost $1 billion per year to our shareholders. We continue to be the safest
and most profitable industrial gas company in the world with EBITDA margin of
over 33%. And most importantly, we have a great team totally focused on
delivering strong operating performance while successfully winning exciting new
growth opportunities.

Now, please turn to Slide #3. You can see the significant
progress we continue to make on improving our safety results with a reduction
of 71% in our lost time injury rate and a reduction of 52% in our recordable
injury rate. This improvement only happens when all of our 15,000 employees
around the world are totally focused on safety and operational excellence. This
same commitment is also driving our strong financial performance.

Now, please turn to Slide #4, which is our goal for the
company. As I shared on last quarter's call, we have elevated our commitment to
diversity and inclusion by explicitly incorporating it in our goal. This does
not dilute our focus on being the safest and most profitable, in fact, being
the most diverse will contribute to maintaining our position as the most
profitable industrial gas company over the long term. As I've always said, the
degree of commitment and motivation of our people is the real sustainable
competitive advantage that we have. We want to ensure that we are providing
opportunities and the right environment for everyone to conduct -- to
contribute and succeed, at our company regardless of their gender, color, race,
religion, orientation, country of origin or any other dimension of diversity.

Now, please turn to Slide #5, our overall management
philosophy that we have talked to you about many times. We continue to be
focused on shareholder value, cash generation, capital allocation and an
empowered and decentralized organization.

On Slide #6, you can see our Five-Point Plan, which has been
the road map to our success.

Now, please turn to Slide #7, where I would like to again
remind everyone of the progress we have made in the last 3 years. We made
promises and we have delivered. We have become the safest and most profitable
industrial gas company in the world. We have divested our noncore assets and
created the best balance sheet in the industry. And we have delivered greater
than 10% per year EPS growth in each of the last 3 years and our guidance for
this year implies another year of over 10% growth.

Now, please turn to Slide #8. In summary, we have delivered
what we promised and now we are well-positioned to grow Air Products. The great
thing is that we do have the balance sheet to do it.

Now, please turn to Slide #9 to discuss the areas of
opportunity for us to invest and move Air Products forward. First, acquisitions
of small and medium-sized industrial gas companies or assets or businesses from
other industrial gas companies.

The second area of opportunity is to purchase existing
industrial gas facilities from our customers where we own and operate the plant
and sell industrial gases to the customer based on a fixed fee under a
long-term contract. This is what we call asset buybacks and we see
opportunities for oxygen and hydrogen plants around the world in this category.
We also see the opportunity to expand our scope of supply to include the
operation of existing gasification units to supply syngas to our customers
based on long-term contracts. Essentially, these opportunities are the same as
our traditional onsite business model, something that we do every day, but with
existing rather than new production assets. The Lu'An project we described before
is a perfect example of this area of growth for us. We expect to do more of
these in the coming years.

And the third area of opportunity is very large industrial
projects around the world driven by demand for more energy, environmental
requirements and emerging market growth. The Jazan project in Saudi Arabia is a
great example of how big these opportunities can be. The plant we are building
in Jazan is the largest project in the history of the industrial gas industry,
with close to $2 billion of capital investment. Some of these new large
projects that I'm talking about can also include gasification and syngas
supply. The Yankuang project that we announced is another great example of
that.

Now, please turn to Slide #10 to discuss some of the -- or
read some of our recent successes to grow Air Products in line with what I just
described, which is consistent with our strategy. First, the tremendous
opportunity for Air Products to expand our well-proven onsite business model to
supply syngas. And we have some great recent examples.

In September, we announced the $1.3 billion Lu'An syngas
joint venture. We continue to make progress on the necessary approvals and hope
we can close on this joint venture at some point during fiscal year '18.
However, as we did in October, due to some uncertainty in the timing of the
necessary government approvals, we have not, and I'd like to stress we have not
included any contribution from the Lu'An project in our EPS or CapEx guidance
for fiscal year '18. We will continue to keep you updated on our progress.

In November, we announced the $3.5 billion syngas joint
venture with Yankuang in China. We also continue to make progress on finalizing
the contracts and will keep you updated.

And earlier this month, we announced an agreement to acquire
Shell's coal gasification technology supporting our syngas supply position and
supporting our strategy in this area.

Finally, earlier this week, we announced an agreement to
supply syngas to BPCL's Phase 2 petrochemical project in Kochi, India. Our new
facility will be integrated with the large plants we brought onstream in 2017
to supply their refinery.

In terms of acquiring assets or -- and plants or the
so-called asset buyback that we have been talking about, in December, we
announced an ASU asset buyback and long-term industrial gas supply agreements
for Jinmei Huayu in China. A great example of a customer becoming more
comfortable with the outsourcing sale of gas model. And we recently signed and
closed on another deal to acquire 3 existing large air separation unit assets
in China and have began supplying customers under long-term agreements.

And finally, we continue to see great opportunities in the
new industrial gas projects around the world. We announced new projects in
China and Korea. Notably, these include major contracts expanding our supply to
2 of Samsung's major sites in Korea.

Finally, we continue to make great progress on the Jazan
project and currently expect onstream in phases starting in fiscal year 2019.

As I mentioned, yesterday we announced the largest dividend
increase in Air Products' history, continuing our commitment to return cash to
shareholders.

Now, please go to Slide #11, which shows you the results of
our 3 key metrics for the quarter and the year. We remain committed to our goal
to be the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by
each of these 3 key metrics. We remain focused on driving further improvements
as we move forward.

Finally, please turn to Slide #12, which continues to be my
favorite slide. It is great to see sustainable margins in the mid-30% range and
it reminds us how far we have come in only a few years.

Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Then, I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon
to make some closing remarks and then we will be pleased to answer your
questions. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi.

Before I discuss our results for the quarter, I would like
to provide a brief summary of the impacts we expect the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs
Act to have on Air Products.

Please turn to Slide 13. First, let me talk about the income
statement impact for Q1. Although the reduced U.S. tax rate under the new tax
act was not effective until January 1, 2018, which is after the end of our
fiscal Q1, this quarter's results reflect our estimated blended tax rate for
the full year as required. Overall, the new tax act reduced our tax rate in Q1
by about 260 basis points, which increased EPS by about $0.06 per share. As you
can see, the positive impact of the lower U.S. tax rate was partially offset by
other tax act changes, including reduced benefits from the U.S. production
activities deduction and changes to compensation deductions.

For the full year 2018, we expect the new tax act to reduce
our tax rate by about 250 to 300 basis points to somewhere in the range of
about 20% to 21%. This would increase EPS by about $0.20 to $0.25 per share.

For fiscal year 2019, we expect a similar net impact as the
full year effect of the lower U.S. rate is approximately offset by the repeal
of the U.S. production activities deduction and credits for foreign taxes and
other changes that take effect in 2019. So I would use about a 20% to 21% book
effective tax rate to model Air Products going forward.

Turning now to the tax-related non-GAAP items this quarter
that totaled a negative $239 million or $1.09 per share. Please keep in mind,
these are based on our current reasonable estimates.

We had a charge of $453 million to recognize the liability
associated with the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings with about $32
million recorded in equity affiliate income. The deemed repatriation tax will
be paid over the next 8 years. Partially offsetting the charge, we had a
benefit of $214 million due to revaluing our U.S. deferred tax assets and
liabilities at the lower tax rate.

Finally, let me comment on the expected cash tax impact.
There was no cash tax impact in Q1. For the full year 2018, we expect a modest
reduction in cash taxes from the new tax act of about $15 million to $20
million as the benefit from the lower corporate tax rate is mostly offset by
the tax on the expected repatriation of foreign cash from subsidiaries and
joint ventures. So we would still expect cash taxes in the range of about $400
million for 2018.

For 2019, we expect a cash tax reduction from the tax act of
about $70 million to $80 million with the positive impact of the full year of
the lower tax rate and the immediate expensing of capital investments being
partially offset by the first payment of the deemed repatriation of foreign
earnings.

Turning now to our Q1 results on Slide #14. As Seifi
mentioned, this was another record quarterly EPS. Congratulations to the whole
Air Products team.

Sales of $2.2 billion increased 18% versus last year as
volume plus price were up 15% and currency added 3%. Volumes were up 13% with
positive contributions from all 3 regions driven by new plants, a contract
termination and associated plant sale in Asia and base business growth. The
Asia plant sale was about 6% of the growth, new plants were about 5% and base
business growth was about 2%. Pricing was up 2% driven by the China merchant
business. Currency was positive driven by the euro, British pound and the
Chinese RMB.

EBITDA of $735 million improved by 12% driven by the higher
volumes and China pricing. EBITDA margin of 33.2% was down 160 basis points.
The Asia contract termination and plant sale negatively impacted margins by
about 90 basis points and the significant amount of energy pass-through on the
new hydrogen plant in India due to the high natural gas prices negatively
impacted margins by 40 basis points. Excluding these 2 items, EBITDA margins
were down 30 basis points primarily due to higher planned maintenance costs.

Let me provide some more background on the Asia contract
termination and associated plant sale. One of our onsite steel customers in
China had a change in ownership and approached us to end our long-term supply
agreement with them and purchase the plant from us. The customer had no
contractual right to do this, but we are satisfied with the outcome of the
negotiation and are pleased to reduce our long-term exposure to this customer.
We recognized the sales and profit from the sale of equipment this quarter, but
we'll not see the sales and profit from the sale of gas going forward.

Sequentially, EBITDA was down 4% primarily due to planned
maintenance outage costs and lower OIE. Net income increased 23% and adjusted
earnings per share increased by 22% versus prior year.

ROCE of 11.9% declined by 80 basis points versus last year
and 20 basis points sequentially despite the profit increase. This is because
the denominator of the ROCE calculation has increased. The denominator is based
on a 5-quarter average and this now includes 4 quarters with a significantly
higher denominator as a result of the gain from the PMD sale.

Please turn to Slide 15. The only non-GAAP items we had this
quarter were related to the new tax act and totaled $1.09 per share as I
discussed earlier.

Our adjusted Q1 continuing operations EPS of $1.79 increased
$0.32 or 22% versus last year. As I mentioned, this includes the $0.06 benefit
from the new tax act. Excluding this benefit, our EPS was still up 18%.
Overall, higher volumes increased EPS by $0.19 per share. This includes $0.08
for the contract termination and plant sale in China.

Price and raw materials, taken together, increased EPS by
$0.08 driven by China merchant pricing. Net cost performance was unfavorable
$0.15 as we had some positive items last year that didn't repeat as well as
higher planned maintenance costs and inflation.

As a reminder, included in the cost major factor is the
other income and expense line on the consolidated P&L. As I shared last
quarter, we are providing services via transition service agreements or TSAs to
both Versum and Evonik. The cost to provide these services are primarily in
SG&A. The payment we received for this service was about $6 million this
quarter and is shown in the other income and expense line. This is down from
recent quarters as the Evonik TSA ended during Q1. We expect the Versum TSA to
finish at the end of Q2. We remain committed to taking actions to reduce the
costs associated with providing these services, but would expect to see a brief
gap between the end of the TSA income and the cost savings.

Currency and foreign exchange gains and losses were $0.06
favorable primarily due to the euro, British pound and RMB. Equity affiliate
income added $0.03 due to underlying strength across a number of our JVs,
particularly in Mexico. Note that this excludes the new tax act-related charge
I mentioned earlier. Other nonoperating income added $0.04 primarily due to
interest income.

The overall tax rate was an $0.08 benefit versus last year,
with $0.06 due to the new tax act. Interest expense, noncontrolling interest
and shares outstanding totaled $0.01 unfavorable.

Now, please turn to Slide 16. We had another strong cash
flow quarter in Q1 with distributable cash flow up almost $100 million to over
$500 million.

You will see we have an updated slide that more closely
aligns with our current situation. Investable cash flow is the amount of cash
we have discretion or a choice to deploy. It is after we pay interest, taxes,
maintenance CapEx and dividends. Certainly, dividend payments create value and,
given our 36-year track record of raising dividends, we don't expect this to
change. We then think of funding our growth capital, including acquisitions,
from our cash and balance sheet capacity as well as from our investable cash
flows.

Investable cash flow is what we have been describing as more
than $1 billion per year. You can see we generated almost $350 million of
investable cash flow in Q1. As Seifi mentioned, we did close on a few
acquisitions during Q1 and have included these in our CapEx and earnings
guidance.

Our total growth CapEx for Q1, including the acquisitions,
is about $400 million. Again, we think investable cash flow is now the right
metric as it represents the cash generated that we can choose how to deploy in
order to create shareholder value.

Turning to Slide 17. I would like to update you on our capital
deployment capacity. As I just mentioned, we view this capacity as available to
enable projects and acquisitions.

We have just over $3 billion of cash and short-term
investments as of December 31. After maintaining a modest operating cash
balance, we have just under $3 billion of cash available to invest.

Our debt balance as of December 31 is about $3.5 billion. As
you know, we are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current
targeted A/A2 rating. We expect this would enable a debt level in the range of
approximately 2.0x to 2.5x EBITDA. Based on a trailing 12 months EBITDA of $2.9
billion, this would support a debt level in the range of about $6 billion to $7
billion.

So in total, between our available cash and additional debt
capacity, we have about $6 billion we can deploy today while maintaining our
A/A2 rating.

As I discussed on the previous slide, we also expect to
generate over $1 billion per year of investable cash that is after paying
taxes, interest, maintenance CapEx and dividends. So over the next 3 years, we
expect to have a total of at least $9 billion available to invest, not
including extra capacity created by EBITDA contributions from investing in
profitable projects.

Now, to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING F. PAINTER, EVP OF INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott.

Volumes for all 3 industrial gas regional segments were up
this quarter from a combination of new plants coming onstream, overall stronger
merchant sales and the China plant that Scott mentioned. The volume strength
was broad-based, covering a wide range of end markets. Pricing was also
positive across the regions with Asia, and particularly China, posting the
biggest gain. I would like to thank our team for staying close to our
customers, driving competitiveness and creating growth opportunities.

Now, please turn to Slide 18 for a review of our Gases
Americas results. For the quarter, sales were up 5% on higher volumes. Hydrogen
demand was strong, particularly in the Gulf Coast, as were North American
merchant volumes, even including the impact of the end of the large wholesale
contract. It's not so much that we replaced the wholesale volume molecule by
molecule, plant by plant. By taking advantage of opportunities in one market,
say higher activity in the oil patch, we offset impacts elsewhere. Going
forward, we would expect to replace the liquid oxygen and nitrogen more quickly
than the liquid argon, which will dampen year-on-year sales comparisons. In
Latin America, we also achieved higher merchant gases volumes versus prior
year. Overall, pricing impact was slightly positive, but rounded to flat as
higher North American pricing was partially offset by negative mix.

EBITDA was up 1% compared to prior year as contributions
from higher volumes and better equity affiliate income more than offset higher
planned maintenance outage costs and the wholesale contract termination impact.
These factors and a lower margin sale of equipment caused the margin to be down
160 basis points. Sequentially, EBITDA was down 12% and margin was 310 basis
points lower, primarily driven by the planned maintenance outage costs,
seasonally weaker volume demand and the wholesale impact.

As we move into Q2, we have seen some modest negative
customer demand and feedstock and utility impacts from the very cold weather in
the U.S. Gulf Coast.

Now, please turn to Slide 19 to review our Europe, Middle
East and Africa business. Sales were up 29% with volumes up 17%, energy cost
pass-through up 3% and currency up 9%. Our new hydrogen plant in India,
completing its second full quarter of operation, drove a significant portion of
the sales growth while our merchant business contributed 3% volume growth. As a
reminder, this 100% owned India hydrogen facility is reported in the EMEA
segment, while the rest of our India business continues to be reported in the
Asia equity affiliate income. Overall, pricing was slightly positive, but
rounded to flat as higher real pricing was partially offset by customer and
product mix.

EBITDA was up 18% compared to prior year, again primarily
due to the new plant in India with higher merchant sales and positive currency
also contributing. EBITDA margin of 32% was down 320 basis points, almost
completely due to higher energy cost pass-through versus last year and the new
plant in India which has comparatively high natural gas costs. Excluding these
factors, EBITDA margin was down only 20 basis points primarily due to a large
planned maintenance outage in the quarter. EBITDA was down 9% sequentially on
the planned outage costs, lower OIE and higher seasonal power costs.

Please turn to Slide 20, Gases Asia, where our businesses
continued to deliver strong growth, strong sales and profit growth. Sales were
up 47%, including the sale that Scott mentioned earlier. Excluding this,
underlying sales were still up 15%. Underlying volumes were up 8% driven by new
plant onstreams and a 3% contribution from the merchant business.

Pricing for the region was up 7%. In addition to strong base
merchant pricing, we had a particularly significant spot sale which concluded
in January and will not repeat. We expect the supply and demand balance to ease
in Q2 with the Chinese New Year, but coming out of that, we believe the
underlying fundamentals remain positive and I know our team is working
diligently to maintain pricing momentum.

EBITDA was up 38%. Excluding the contract termination and
plant sale, EBITDA increased 26% due to the strong volumes, higher pricing and
favorable currency. We are incurring higher distribution and sourcing costs to
support our growing retail business. We think this is the right course of
action and the new business is certainly contributing. EBITDA margin, excluding
the contract termination and planned sale, was up 240 basis points.

As Seifi mentioned, we announced a number of exciting new
projects in Asia for coal gasification to produce syngas, ASU purchases and 2
awards for new long-term supply agreements with Samsung in Korea. The team is
doing a great job of winning new opportunities while continuing to execute on
the base business, productivity and safety.

Finally, please turn to Slide 21 for a brief comment on our
Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sale of equipment
business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales were down $15
million while profits were up slightly driven by the Jazan project. We continue
to make great progress on the Jazan project and, as we have said, expect onstream
in phases in early fiscal 2019.

Now, I'll turn the call back over to Simon for a comment on
our Corporate segment.

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Corning.

Please turn to Slide 22. Our Corporate segment includes our
LNG business, our helium container business and our corporate costs. Sales and
profits were down, primarily driven by lower LNG project activity. For FY '18,
we still don't expect an earnings headwind for the Corporate segment.

Now, I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon.

Before we take your questions, I would like to make a few
comments about Air Products' future. As I discussed earlier, we are very proud
of having delivered on our promises from 3 years ago and we are very excited
about the strong opportunities that we have to build on our success. Our
safety, productivity and operating performance continues to be as strong.

We continue to be optimistic about the future of Air
Products. We obviously cannot predict and we do not have control over worldwide
political or economic developments, but we do have control over the operational
and growth performance of Air Products and we feel confident we can continue to
deliver on our goals.

As you know, our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow
generation of our company provides us with an expected capacity of over $9
billion to invest over the next 3 years. I truly believe that Air Products will
be successful in utilizing our balance sheet, the best in the industry, to invest
in our core industrial gases business to create significant value for our
shareholders. We see great opportunities in mergers and acquisitions, asset
buybacks and large new projects as well as a significant amount of more typical
industrial gas projects.

Rest assured, we are committed to staying disciplined and
won't invest our money unless we are confident that the risk return profile
will create significant value for our shareholders.

Now, please turn to Slide #23. Our great team of
hardworking, dedicated, talented and motivated employees remain focused on
being the safest and most profitable and diverse industrial gas company in the
world, providing excellent service to our customers.

Continuing our positive momentum, we have increased our
guidance for fiscal year 2018 to a range of $7.15 to $7.35. This is up $0.30
from the guidance we gave you last quarter. As Scott mentioned, $0.20 to $0.25
of this is coming from the new tax act, with the remaining increase from
improved confidence in our business performance. Our new guidance represents
13% to 16% growth over our very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain
confident in our ability to deliver on our commitments to grow EPS by at least
10% every year.

For quarter 2 of fiscal year 2018, our earnings per share
guidance is $1.65 to $1.70, which is up 15% to 19% over the second quarter of
fiscal year 2017. This includes approximately $0.05 from the new tax act.
Excluding the tax act impact, our quarter 2 guidance is still up 12% to 15%
over last year.

Including our quarter 1 acquisitions, we now expect our
capital spending to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in fiscal
year 2018.

As I mentioned before, and I'd like to stress this, our EPS
and CapEx guidance do not include any contribution from the Lu'An project or
any future M&A opportunity. We are certainly working on other opportunities
that could potentially add to our results in fiscal 2018, but have not included
any other significant acquisition in our guidance for now.

Now, please turn to Slide #24. We remain committed to our
goal of being the safest, most diverse and most profitable industrial gas
company in the world. We will continue to focus on safety, controlling our
costs and investing in the many strategic growth opportunities that we see.

Now, please turn to Slide #25, where I want to point out,
once again, that we believe our real competitive advantage is the motivated and
committed people of Air Products. Our competitive advantage comes from the
commitment of our drivers who transfer -- transport our products in all kinds
of severe weather conditions to deliver product to our customers. Our
competitive advantage comes from the commitment from our operators and
maintenance workers who, day in and day out, work hard to keep our plants
running even during severe hurricanes and other challenging conditions to
ensure reliable supply to our customers. Our competitive advantage comes from
the commitment of our sales people who work hard everyday to develop and bring
in new opportunities to Air Products by creating value for our customers. Our
competitive advantage comes from the commitment and motivation of the rest of
our team all over the world who work hard to run our company to the highest
level of performance. Yes, our competitive advantage comes from the commitment
and motivation of our people. I consider it an honor and a privilege to be part
of this winning team.

Now, we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first
question from David Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just on the India syngas project, are there
any metrics you can share with us on that project?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sorry. Did you say are there any...

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Any financial metrics you can share with
us on that project?

SEIFI GHASEMI: The return on that project is well above the
guidance that we have told you, which is the so-called 10% internal rate of
return. It's well above that.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: And capital to be deployed with this
project?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I -- we cannot disclose the exact amount of
the capital, David, but it is not a $1 billion project.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Understood. And on pricing, Seifi, what
type of price traction are you seeing in the U.S., Europe? And when do you
think we can get a little more positive pricing in the core merchant gas
business?

SEIFI GHASEMI: David, as you know, we don't want to be
commenting on pricing for the future, but -- and the pricing of what has
happened in the past, we can comment on that and that has been positive and I'd
like to -- Corning to, expand on that. But as far as future pricing, because of
the nature of our industry, we don't want to comment on that. But Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So I think your questions are
probably about Europe and the Americas. Obviously, in Asia, it's quite a strong
story for us. Both in Europe and in the Americas, we have positive net pricing.
So same molecule, same customer year-on-year, have we been able to move those
prices? Yes, we have.

We do have a challenge with mix, which is typically larger
customers just simply growing more in the current environment, taking more
product year-on-year and, in some degree, mix of which molecules are being
bought. But I'd say there's, in terms of real activity and real pricing,
meaning same customer, same molecule, there is progress.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Jeff Zekauskas with JP Morgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: When you look at your backlog, how much of your
backlog is in hydrogen and syngas? And how much of your backlog is in the
traditional industrial gases, oxygen and nitrogen, argon, those sorts of
things?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Approximately 40% is syngas and about 60% is
the traditional business.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: In the commentary, you said that
repatriation impacts would be about negative $453 million and then there's the
revaluation of deferred taxes and you netted that out to $239 million. Should
we look at that $239 million as the amount of additional cash taxes that you
will pay over the next 8 years, excluding the annual changes to your normal
corporate rate?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I would like to -- that is really -- that is
the net amount of cash that will go out of the company in the next 8 years.
That is correct. But against that, obviously we have the benefit of lower cash
cost in the United States because of the lower tax. So when you balance that,
you can calculate the real net present value.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: And maybe if I could just build on
that, Jeff. Obviously with the deferred tax, there's some timing that might
even go further out, but it's a reasonable way to think about it. It's just in
the time frame of the 8 years. It may just kind of take that a little bit
longer.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Yes.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer
with Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR CHEMICAL ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just wanting to flesh out a little bit more of
the plant sale. So just going off your 28% in the volume number and the delta
that Corning gave of 12% in EBITDA, if you calculate, is that about $130
million sale price and about $22 million of profit that you recognize in
EBITDA? Is that the right way to strip out to get to an underlying?

SEIFI GHASEMI: As usual, Duffy, you are very good at doing
your math.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. And then, if I assume that you
sold it for about 12x EBITDA, would that mean that the underlying profit that's
going to go away that we've seen from that plant historically is about $10
million a year or $2.5 million a quarter?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, no. That's not the correct way of
looking at that, but the -- I think we can go through that detail offline with
-- Simon can give you a lot more detail on that.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. And then, just the last one,
Seifi. With the syngas stuff, how big in the portfolio would you be comfortable
letting the syngas projects get over the next 2 or 3 years?

SEIFI GHASEMI: We are shooting for about 40%.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Well, that's 40% of the backlog, but
not -- so I'm just wanting to know, like, you kind of talked before about
having $8 billion or so to invest over a number of years. Half of that, all of
it, how much of it could end up in being in syngas at the end of the day?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Right now, we are targeting more than 50%.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Bob Koort with Goldman Sachs for
a question.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Maybe one for Scott, if I could. On Slide 15, I might have missed
this, Scott, but you show a price component and a cost component to the EPS.
Can you talk why the costs were up 2x the price?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: So sure. On cost, we had a bunch of
things that happened last year, good news items that didn't repeat as well as
in this quarter we had some higher planned maintenance and, of course, as
always, we have inflation. So those would be the key items that are driving the
costs year-on-year.

I'll also point out that in the price raw materials, is any
changing in power and the input costs are netted in there, so that is price net
of those input costs and still recovered $0.08 above, which is separate from
the costs stated down below.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: Got it. And then, Seifi, if I could
follow-up, within China, obviously there's a lot of environmentalism that seems
to be gaining some traction and maybe a move away from coal as a fuel source.
Can you talk about how that's impacting at all the growth potential for coal to
go into liquids and chemicals?

SEIFI GHASEMI: That is obviously a very positive development
for us because the push obviously from an environmental point of view is to use
less coal for producing power, but we are talking about here in the projects
that we are pursuing is turning the coal, especially high sulfur coal, into
environmentally friendly way by gasifying it and producing chemicals. So all of
the push for an environmental thing is actually a very positive thing for us.
And that is why, if you study the details of China's 13th 5-year plan, there is
a significant number of projects designated for coal gasification. And we are
obviously very much involved in that.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Don Carson with
Susquehanna Capital.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: A question on the merchant business. I can see
the merchant operating leverage in China and the margin impact it had there.
What's going on in, say, North America and Europe? Can you talk about merchant
operating rates? How much they're going up? And what kind of incremental
operating leverage we can expect?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'll have Corning address that.

CORNING F. PAINTER: So in North America, we, of course, have
the challenge of absorbing a loss of a large wholesale agreement that we had.
We still published overall positive volumes for merchant. I just want to say
that's a good accomplishment by the team but it's those same factors, when we
report out our numbers that Scott mentioned, that are a challenge in that. So
the higher maintenance costs and some positives from last year not repeating,
the new business that we're signing, however, is certainly contributing to the
overall results.

SEIFI GHASEMI: But Jeff, to be very specific, the operating
rates right now, in the U.S. and Europe are around 75%. Usually in industrial
gases business, when you're operating rates gets to around 80%, then you have
significant pricing leverage and that is what is happening in China. But that
is not the case yet in the U.S. and Europe.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: Okay. Then Seifi, a follow-up on
capital deployment. If you look at all the projects you signed in the roster
you've given, how much of that $9 billion total have you deployed thus far?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, quite frankly, if you add up the
projects that we have announced, and some of them are in the process like the
big Yankuang project and so on, out of that $9 billion, about almost $4 billion
of it is committed.

OPERATOR: For our next question, we'll go to Christopher
Parkinson with Crédit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Scott mentioned this a little, but in IG
Americas, there was some planned maintenance turnarounds which hit margins, but
volumes appear pretty solid in the merchant business as well as hydrogen. Can
you just give a little more color on these fronts, just for the balance of the
year and just anything of note? It would be greatly appreciated.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, I think I'll turn it over to Corning to
expand on that. But what I'd want to say is that these so-called plant
maintenance cost are, basically, the big money is in our hydrogen facilities
and those things, the timing of those, is not under our control. It's not under
control of our customers and a lot of our customers are having turnaround this
year and each one of these turnarounds is $20 million, $30 million of expense.
So that -- it's timing, but it is a necessary thing that they need to do.
Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So I think you're sort of
interested in the market conditions. So I'd first say, I think underlying
hydrogen demand remains really quite strong. And we've seen a little dip in
this period because we have the cold weathers in the Gulf Coast, but I'd say we
bounced back from that very quickly and at this point, our customers are pretty
nearly fully back as well. Oilfield Services is probably a change with a higher
oilfield prices. We see more nitrogen going into that market, but, by and
large, I'd say there's just broad-based strength in North America right now.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: And just a quick derivative
question, some trends in the Chinese merchant market in terms of lines of
price. Can you just comment on remaining supply-side dynamics that would help
maintain the momentum of fiscal year '18? Are there still additional facility
closures, steel, for instance? Or do you believe the comps will become more
difficult as you progress throughout the year? And then just also any quick
comments on regional demand trends, if you have any, by end market would be
helpful.

CORNING F. PAINTER: So I think -- first of all, maybe I'll
take those in reverse order because I think the key point there is there's just
broad-based industrial momentum in probably the world today but China, being to
a certain degree, a workshop for the world, there's broad space demand growth
there. Obviously, the coastal area is a little bit stronger than inland. We're
going to see the Chinese New Year impact. It will be interesting to see how
quickly the volumes rebound from that. Coming out of that, I would expect the
overall supply-demand dynamics to remain very positive for the industry. We
have, last year, the shutting down of the induction furnaces. I think what
we're going to see is some new demand, perhaps from electric arc furnaces. That
will probably strengthen as we come into the coming year. All in all, I think it's
going to remain a positive dynamic for us.

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'd just like to stress on that, Chris, that
we are very positive about the developments in China.

OPERATOR: For our next question, we'll go to Jim Sheehan
with SunTrust.

PETER OSTERLAND, ASSOCIATE, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY,
INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Pete on for Jim. Do you see any significant
acquisition opportunities outside of China? And along those lines, can you
quantify how much of the Praxair-Linde divestitures you might be interested in
bidding for?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, in terms of M&A opportunities, we
do see opportunities outside of China. I don't want to say more than that, but
we are working on some of them. In terms of the Praxair and Linde thing, we
have to wait and see what actually comes out, but we have always said that, out
of what we think, they have to divest. We don't have any inside knowledge on
this thing. But out of what we think, they have to divest. There will be an
opportunity for us to compete on about $1 billion to $1.5 billion of sale,
which would have about, probably about $300 million to $350 million of EBITDA.
And obviously, when and if that thing comes on -- into play, we will be
interested in that for sure.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Steve Byrne with
Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Is your interest in coal-derived syngas driven more
by growth prospects for that process? Or would you say you bring to it a
technological advantage, given coal-derived gasification's been around a long
time over there? Do you have a technological advantage, either from your ASU
technology or with the Shell technology you acquired? Is it demand or
technology driven?

SEIFI GHASEMI: It is actually both. The demand is obviously
there and then in order to put ourselves in a competitively advantageous
position, we not only bring our know-how in terms of ASUs and operations and
maintenance of large facilities, but our competitors have that. But that is the
primary reason that we wanted to buy the Shell technology because now we will
have a technological advantage. That was the reason for that acquisition.

STEVE BYRNE: Okay. Does any royalty-bearing revenue come
with that technology?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Not much.

STEVE BYRNE: And on the demand side, would you say that most
of these new projects that are -- coal-derived syngas are incremental
production capacity projects or retrofits of old gasifiers that are inefficient
and air-polluting and need to be shuttered?

SEIFI GHASEMI: No. Well, none of the old gasifiers are
polluting. Gasification is a very clean way of using coal. Most of these
opportunities that you're talking about are greenfield plants.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews
with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Scott, maybe I could just ask you to give us some help on Americas
margin sequentially, just given you had the maintenance in this quarter, the
wholesale thing. And then are there any positive things that took place last
year that won't recur in the second quarter? But just how should we think about
margins sequentially?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, we obviously think that margins are
going to become better. But I'd like to turn it over to Corning to expand on
that. We do -- let's just make it very clear. We do remain very bullish about
opportunities for industrial gases, our conventional business around the world.
We think China is growing, U.S. is growing, Europe is growing and our margins
-- we are not losing any margin. It is just quarter-by-quarter. So
fundamentally, we are very confident about what's going on, and we actually
feel pretty strong about that. But Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So just building on everything
Seifi just said, so we feel that the underlying demand, merchant gases,
hydrogen and the whole package remains very strong. We're going to have other
maintenance, right, during the course of the year. And so sequential to
sequential, we don't really map out exactly as our maintenance spend is coming
out. But I would say we see the overall picture, one that's strengthening in
the Americas.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. And then maybe just as a
follow-up for Seifi, I guess that there's now $5 billion left that hasn't been
allocated, out of the $9 billion from the answer to the previous question.
Given the change in the tax environment in the United States, are you focused
at all anymore or focused at all incrementally on putting some of that money to
work in the U.S.? Has that changed your investment calculus at all?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Listen, on that one, if there is any project
that we can go after, our #1 priority is to spend our money in the United
States because of a lot of good reasons. So the fact that we are investing in
other parts of the world doesn't mean that we are not focused in the U.S. We
are very focused in the U.S. And if there is any project that we can go after,
we will go after in the U.S. That's our #1 priority for investing. There is no
question about that. The issue is that there are not that many opportunities
right now. But we are absolutely focused on that. We beat the bushes everyday
on every single project, and I hope in time, we will announce some big runs in
the U.S. too.

OPERATOR: We'll go next to Kevin McCarthy with Vertical
Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: With regard to the cold weather along the U.S. Gulf Coast, do you expect
that to be good, bad or neutral to your results in the fiscal second quarter?
Just trying to think about the net effect of power cost versus any customer
outages that you see.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you, Kevin, for the question. Corning
will answer that.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Kevin, I think when we have a disruption
in the market, it's never a positive for us. But I would just say, the guidance
that we have given reflects our expectations for the quarter, including what's
happened in terms of weather. Thank you.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: Okay. And then as a follow-up, if I
may, for Seifi, can you expand upon the China contract termination? What
motivated your steel customer to want to purchase the plant from you? And I
think you mentioned that you are pleased with the development. Perhaps you can
expand on that as well.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure. Corning can expand that -- on that. Go
ahead.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So we had a contract with a
customer, that customer then got acquired by another steel company who was less
bought in, let's say, into the sale of gas concept. We had a good contract.
They wanted to just enter basically good faith negotiations, understanding
their thought process, how they looked at things, we thought the termination
that we came up with was a good win-win for us. I'd just point out in the same
quarter, right, we have examples of where we've taken a plant that was going to
be an SOE and we've converted it into a sale of gas. So I think there are some
do and some don't in China and that we continue to sort of progress the
transformation of that market to be more of a traditional industrial gas
environment.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Kevin, it was very simply the fact that the
new owners of the steel facility -- they do their financials and all of that.
They decided that the way their cost of capital is on all of that, that they
rather own the plant rather than us supplying it. It's just preference of the
customer, and we always are, obviously, do what the customer wants to do. And
the transaction, financially, was also very attractive for us. We can put that
money to work at higher returns.

CORNING F. PAINTER: And I'd say being -- our flexibility in
changing had a lot to do with the fact that it was a new customer stepping in.

OPERATOR: We'll go now to P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Quickly, can you explain the advantage of
your strong balance sheet when you're building for these large ASUs and large
syngas plants in China? And then what kind of competitors or competition do you
run into for these large projects?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, P.J., we run into the standard
competitors, you know who they are, and we compete with them on the basis of --
it's not just the price I'd like to mention -- it's not just the financial
returns. It's a combination of the trust, the relationship that we have with
the customer, the demonstration that they have delivered, our technology. Now
we are going to have an advantage with the acquisition of the Shell technology.
So it's a combination of all of things that we compete, and we compete with the
same people, basically, that we have been competing with for many years.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay. And you talked about the environmental
advantage of coal gasification. What are the risks to coal gasification? Let's
say, if there's a -- if China implements carbon tax in the future, does that
impact the economics of the project?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that if they implement --
what does coal gasification do, P.J.? The coal gasification is producing
chemicals. So whatever tax they put in, it just increases the price of the
chemicals because they can say, "Okay, I'm not going to do coal
gasification." So if you're not going to do coal gasification, what are
you going to do? Then you have to buy all of these chemicals and import them
into the country. The fundamental thing is that coal is the only energy source
that China has. As a result, their only option, if they want to become --
independent, is to turn that coal into chemicals and syngas. Otherwise, they
would have to import that, which is what they do right now. That is why this is
a high priority for the government. And coal gasification has the advantage of
being able to use 2%, 3% high-sulfur coal that you can't do anything else with
it. So it's financially very attractive.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Can I just build on it? So the
gasification has a step in which you remove that sulfur after we've gasified
it. So I mean, literally coal that you can't really legally use in other
applications, you can use it here because were going to get the sulfur out and
another element is if there was an incentive around carbon capture, coal
gasification has the benefit of giving you a very concentrated stream of CO2
that would be easier to work with than almost any other process.

SEIFI GHASEMI: P.J., the subtle point about what Corning
just said is that if you are building any kind of a facility to produce syngas,
gasification is the process where the CO2 that you produce is what is called
capture ready. You can actually capture that and then put it into use -- for
enhanced oil recovery and a lot of other applications. Okay?

P.J. JUVEKAR: All right.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Scott, tax
reform didn't start until January 1. So fiscal September '17, I guess, has 3
quarters of benefit, and I assume the December quarter accrued essentially 1/4
of those 3 quarters of benefit. I'm just trying to understand why the tax rate
is even lower in the December quarter. And will the fiscal '19 tax rate go down
a little bit more because you'll have 4 quarters of benefit in '19?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Right. So very good question, John. So
first, in terms of our base underlying rate, you're absolutely right. We have 1
quarter at 35%, 3 quarters at 21%. We're required to take an estimate and blend
that together so its -- that underlying would be 24.5%. But as you pointed out
too, we had a -- even after you're adjusting for the new Tax Act, we had a
little bit lower ETR here in the first quarter, principally driven by the
accounting for share-based compensation. So when we look at that, we talk about
in total versus last year, then we're down about 370 basis points, about 260 of
which is coming from the Tax Act and the balance of about 110 is from the
share-based comp. And so I think, as I said in my prepared remarks, then, too,
going forward, for the full year, maybe it's a 20% to 21% rate to be used. And
then when we look at the timing and the implementation of the various elements
of the Tax Act, I think that's -- at this point in time, these are all best
estimates, but I think that's a reasonable type of a rate to carry into '19 as
well.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Okay. And then Corning, could you
remind us why you split India between EMEA and Asia? Is it how you have your
hydrogen group reporting up globally versus you have regional on the industrial
gas on the atmospheric gas side?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, I'd say that's a reflection of a
point in time when we did that. Clearly, at this point, we're tremendously
beefing up our syngas capabilities in Asia, however.

SEIFI GHASEMI: But in terms of reporting that you're talking
about, in terms of how we report that, quite honestly, traditionally, we have
been reporting that, that way, and we didn't want to change that, not to
confuse the numbers. But on operationally, we run Middle East and India
separate from Europe. But in terms of reporting the results, we put all of that
together because we didn't want to create a lot of confusion about comparison
to previous years.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Mike Harrison
with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, in terms of the
underlying improvement in the Asia margin performance this quarter, if I
exclude the impact in the plant sale, is that really just the impact of the
pricing improvement there? Can you maybe talk about other dynamics that are at
work there helping your margin and how sustainable that is going forward?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Corning has 2 pages of details on it. So
he'll answer your question.

CORNING F. PAINTER: I think the big positive for us in Asia
is pricing right now and you'd add onto that volume leverage and incremental
loading. It's those things that are pulling us forward. I would say maybe if
you're just building on it like a highly motivated team, that's, again, organized
by subregions, all of them with their own incentive plan on their own actual
results, so they are just driven to, let's get the volume and let's get the
price and let's take advantage of this opportunity to absolutely the fullest.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And you haven't
commented on where your capacity utilization rates are for LOX/LIN in China,
but I know one of your competitors mentioned that they're running over 90%,
which is the point at which we might get concerned or expect to see some capacity
additions. Are there any expectations on your part to debottleneck or otherwise
add merchant capacity in China over the next year or so?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, I don't think we want to really
give a clear road map exactly what all our strategic options are in China at
this point. Clearly, it's an area of opportunity, though. We're quite focused
on that.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. If I can sneak one more
in, Seifi. Any updated thoughts on share repurchase opportunities?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Not interested.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our next
question from Laurence Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP & EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just very quickly for Scott on the EBITDA
margins. Can you give a little bit more detail on how much of a tailwind you
had globally from merchant pricing in the quarter? And then going forward, if
we're thinking out to 2019, 2020, are the acquisitions of plants and the syngas
projects both margin accretive or does one offset the other to some extent? And
do you have any on-site business, any pools of assets that are below the
take-or-pay threshold, such that volume growth does not translate into profit
growth if the strength in the end markets continue for the next couple of
years?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Let me -- Laurence, this is Scott. Let
me take the first one. The impact from pricing is maybe 50 basis points or so,
something like that, as a total company.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Yes. But overall, Laurence, the -- overall,
when you look at the new projects that we have taken and the on-site projects
that we have taken and as they come onstream, their margins, they are not going
to have a negative effect on our margins. Therefore, we expect to maintain an
EBITDA margin, as we have said before, of somewhere between around 32% to 35%.
And none of the projects that we have taken is going to cause that margin to go
down. Actually, some of them might actually improve the margin.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: I guess, if you can just clarify that a
little bit. If your merchant pricing already, before things get tight, is a 50
basis point tailwind, then over 3 or 4 years, it's probably going to be a
little bit more of a tailwind from here. And if you're -- the rest is basically
flattish, shouldn't you be able to overshoot the 35%? Or what's offset that
you'd see?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, you're getting us into trying to give
guidance now for '19 and '20. But I think you are on the right track to
assuming that the overall conditions are positive for Air Products and our
margins. And we agree with that. But I don't want to...

OPERATOR: That does conclude today's question-and-answer
session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Seifi
Ghasemi for any final remarks.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you very much. With that, I would like
to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy
schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we
look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a very
nice day, and all the best. Thank you.

OPERATOR: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you
for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and, therefore,
there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012618a11183986.786










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%);
SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH
(76%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%);
EARNINGS PER SHARE (72%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (92%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (68%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA)
(83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (68%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (98%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6211
SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120
SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6798 REAL
ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210 CREDIT
CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%);
SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS
FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%);
SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); NAICS523991 TRUST,
FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (70%); SIC6021 NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS
(68%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (91%);
INDUSTRIAL GASES (91%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%);
CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS
(89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
REAL ESTATE (78%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%);
PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS
(73%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (57%)










 January 29, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
26, 2017 Thursday




Copyright
2017 

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 10403 words

Corporate Participants

* Corning F. Painter

 and 

. -
EVP of Industrial Gases

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Donald David Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Senior Analyst

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director and
Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP and Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD &
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Patrick Duffy Fischer

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Director and Senior
Chemical Analyst

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Air Products and
Chemicals' fourth quarter earnings release Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products.

Please note that this presentation and the comments made on
behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air Products and all rights
are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products' Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Teleconference. This is
Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined
today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter, Air
Products' Executive Vice President responsible for Industrial Gases. After our
comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure on Page 2 of the slides and in today's
earnings release.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today.
We do appreciate your interest in Air Products.

The talented, committed and dedicated team of Air Products,
our people, delivered an excellent set of results. For the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2017, our earnings per share was up 18% versus last year and for
all of fiscal year 2017, earnings per share was up 12%.

This is the 14th consecutive quarter that we have reported
year-on-year EPS growth. This is also the third consecutive year that we have
delivered earning per share growth of more than 10%.

We generated strong cash flow and returned about $800
million of that to our shareholders through dividends. We continue to be the
safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world with EBITDA
margins of over 34%.

We have a great team that is totally focused on delivering
strong performance day in and day out. Ultimately, our success is built on providing
excellent service to our customers. We are committed to providing them with the
right innovations and solutions to make their processes better.

Now please turn to Slide #3. You can see the significant
progress we have made on improving our safety results: a reduction of 75% in
our lost time injury rate. This result is a clear indication that all of our
15,000 employees around the world are totally focused on safety and operational
excellence. This focus is also a significant driving force for our strong
financial performance.

Now please turn to Slide #4, which was our goal for the
company. As I explained at the beginning of this call, we have made great
progress and are determined to continue to be the safest and most profitable
industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our
customers. At the end of this call, I will talk about a modification that we
have made to our goal to include diversity and inclusion as a significant part
of our goal as we go forward.

Now please turn to Slide #5, our overall management
philosophy that we have talked to you about many times. We continue to be
focused on shareholder value, cash generation, capital allocation and an
empowered and decentralized organization.

Now please turn to Slide #6, where you can see -- the one
that you have seen many times before, our Five-Point Plan, which is the
foundation of our success.

Please turn to Slide #7, where I would like to take a few
minutes to remind everybody of the progress we have made in the last 3 years.
Specifically, I want to talk about the promises we made 3 years ago and the
results we have actually delivered.

In 2014, we made several commitments to ourselves and to our
shareholders, and as I recall, there may have been some skepticism in the
investment community at the time about our ability to deliver these results.
So, let's update you on where we are today.

Three years ago, we said that Air Products would be the
safest industrial gas company in the world, we would be the most profitable
industrial gas company in the world, we would divest our noncore assets, we
would have the best balance sheet in the industry, and we would deliver 10%
earnings per share growth every year. I am very proud of our team for
delivering on every one of these promises.

On the Slide 8, you can see the result of the first 2
commitments. We are today, the safest and most profitable industrial gas
company in the world. We have delivered significant improvement in our employee
lost time injury rate, and we have an EBITDA margin of 34%, which is up 900
basis points versus 3 years ago.

On Slide #9, you can see our success in divesting our
noncore assets. We sold our chemical business to Evonik for almost 16x EBITDA,
and I'm convinced that this business and the people involved will thrive in
Evonik.

We have spun off our Electronics Material business as an
independent company called Versum Materials. The Versum team is 100% focused on
the electronic market as a leading material supplier. They have delivered
strong results, and the Versum stock is currently trading at almost 14x EBITDA,
in fact, a higher multiple than Air Products right now.

Now please turn to Slide #10, which shows the result of our
improved business performance and the successful transactions that we have
made. Air Products has the strongest balance sheet in the industry, so we are
well positioned to take advantage of the tremendous growth opportunities that
we see in Industrial Gases. This is our future: growth. And as you can see,
we've delivered EPS growth of 10% in 2015, 16% in 2016 and 12% in 2017.

Now please turn to Slide #11 to summarize. The hard-working
and committed team at Air Products has delivered on what we promised, and what
is most exciting to me right now is that we are very well positioned to grow
Air Products and create significant further value for our shareholders. We now
have the balance sheet to do it.

Now please turn to Slide #12 for a summary of our fiscal
year 2017 accomplishments. I previously mentioned the Versum spin and PMD
sales. I want to thank the very hard-working teams we have at Air Products.
They have successfully executed our major projects.

We brought onstream a very large hydrogen project in India,
a large air separation plant in Korea and our seventh large plant in China
providing oxygen to coal gasification. We continue to make great progress on
the Jazan project and currently expect onstream in phases starting in fiscal
2019. The picture at the bottom of the slide shows the 6 air separation unit
trains already erected at the site. And to try to bring a sense of scale of
these huge air separation units, the top picture shows just one of the cold
boxes before it was shipped from China to the site. And each one of those small
dots that make up the sign, CG, for our cogen facility, is actually one of our
people.

In terms of safety, in September, we mark one of the most
significant safety accomplishments in Air Products' history when the Jazan
project achieved 19 million man hours of work without any lost time injuries, a
great example from one of the very large complicated and challenging projects
being executed safely by our teams around the world.

We also established a world-class technology center in the
Dhahran Techno Valley Science Park to serve Saudi Arabia and the Middle East
region. And finally, we continue to win new projects around the world for key
customers in the electronics, manufacturing and chemical markets that will
drive growth for Air Products and create value for shareholders.

I would like to also take a minute to highlight our clear
focus on excellence in technology, engineering, manufacturing, procurement and
construction, which are all essential to our ability to deliver long-term
shareholder value. We are very pleased that Dr. Samir Serhan joined Air
Products last year, bringing deep knowledge and experience in the leadership of
these critical functions.

In alignment with our Five-Point Plan, Dr. Serhan recently
led our teams through a thorough review of strengths and opportunities in each
one of the areas I mentioned above. We are now executing on clear improvements
in our plant design, organizational design, work processes, footprint and
talent development, while maintaining and leveraging our existing strengths. I
am confident that the actions that Samir has taken will sharpen our product
line focus, improve our competitiveness, and subsequently enable us to deliver
on our growth objectives.

Now please turn to Slide #13, which summarizes the very
exciting project expansion with Lu'An Clear Energy in Shaanxi, China. As we
announced this in September, we will form a $1.3 billion joint venture with
Lu'An that will own and operate the air separation units, gasifiers and syngas
cleanup system to provide syngas to Lu'An under a long-term agreement.

This is a great example of Air Products expanding our scope
of supply consistent with our business model. We continue to make good progress
on the necessary approvals and are hopeful we can close on the joint venture at
some point during fiscal year 2018. However, due to some uncertainty in the
timing of the necessary government approvals, we have not -- and I would like
to stress, we have not included any contribution from Lu'An project in our EPS
or CapEx guidance for fiscal year '18.

Now please turn to Slide #14, which shows you the results of
our 3 key metrics for the quarter and year. These are the financial metrics
that we use. We remain committed to our goal to be the most profitable
industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of these 3 key metrics.
We remain focused on driving further improvements as we move forward.

Now please turn to Slide #15, my favorite slide. It's great
to see our margins improve again this quarter and up slightly versus last year.
It also illustrates the 900 basis point improvement versus 3.5 years ago.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon
to make some closing remarks, and then we will be pleased to answer your
questions. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now I would like to make a few
additional comments on our fiscal 2017 results before discussing our fourth
quarter results.

Please turn to Slide 16. In summary for the year, higher
volumes and productivity drove significant profit growth and delivered record
EPS. Total sales increased 9% with underlying sales up 7%. Volumes were broadly
higher, up 6%, with pricing up 1%. Unfavorable currency reduced sales by 1%,
while higher energy pass-through increased sales by 3%.

EBITDA of $2.8 billion increased 7%, while our EBITDA margin
of 34.1% declined 80 basis points. Excluding the impact of higher energy
pass-through, EBITDA margin was up 10 basis points versus prior year. Operating
income of $1.8 billion increased 9% and our operating margin of 21.6% was
unchanged. Record earnings per share increased by 12%, and our ROCE came in at
12.1%.

Slide #17 shows our distributable cash flow of more than $8
per share. We believe this measure, more than EPS, is the true measure of the
value we are creating for our shareholders. Our distributable cash flow
increased as a result of our strong performance in FY '17 with EBITDA growth
more than offsetting higher maintenance CapEx. Free cash flow of $450 million
was modestly lower as a result of higher dividend payments, which were up 9%.

Now please turn to Slide 18 to review our full year EPS.
Year-on-year, EPS growth of $0.67, or 12%, was driven primarily by higher
volumes and lower costs driven by our productivity actions. Higher volumes
added $0.29, as growth across our gases segments more than offset weakness in
LNG.

Price of raw materials taken together was favorable $0.03,
primarily from Gases Asia. And cost contributed $0.24, as our focus
productivity actions in all our segments more than offset inflation. Currency
was a negative $0.03 impact. Other non-operating income added $0.10 from
interest income. Since this is non-operating, it is not included in our EBITDA
or operating income results. All other items totaled $0.04 favorable.

Now please turn to Slide 19 for a more detailed review of
our Q4 results. For the quarter, we also delivered record EPS. Sales of $2.2
billion increased 13% versus last year, with underlying sales up 11% on 9%
higher volumes and 2% better pricing. Higher energy cost pass-through and
favorable currency each added 1%.

Volumes were higher across all 3 gases regions, and taken together,
the regions had a positive impact on overall volumes of 11%. From a volumes
standpoint, continued progress on our Jazan project was more than offset by the
continued weakness in LNG.

Overall pricing improved, mainly due to Gases Asia. EBITDA
of $769 million improved by 13%, and operating income of $493 million improved
by 16% driven by overall higher volumes, productivity as well as Asia pricing.

EBITDA margin of 34.9% increased by 10 basis points and was
negatively impacted by 30 basis points from higher energy cost pass-through.
Excluding this impact, EBITDA margin was up 40 basis points. Operating margin
of 22.4% improved by 50 basis points versus prior year. Net income increased by
19%, and adjusted earnings per share increased by 18% versus prior year.

ROCE of 12.1% declined by 30 basis points versus last year
and 10 basis points sequentially. To provide you with some context,
sequentially, ROCE was lower, although profits were higher. This is because the
denominator of the ROCE calculation has increased. The denominator is based on
a 5-quarter average, and this now includes 3 quarters with the significantly
higher denominator as a result of the gain from the PMD sale.

Now please turn to Slide 20. Looking at our Q4 cash flows,
we had a strong finish to fiscal 2017. Q4 distributable cash flow was over $600
million, while our free cash flow was $250 million. Free cash flow was up $100
million versus last year due to higher EBITDA.

Now please turn to Slide 21. Before I discuss our underlying
results, I want to spend a moment on several non-GAAP items that totaled a
positive $0.39 per share.

First, we made a tax election that allowed us to recognize a
tax loss on our Latin American Indura business. This resulted in a $111 million
tax benefit, or $0.50 per share. To be clear, this is not reflective of a new
loss or charge for this business, but rather the opportunity to recognize tax
benefits from previous losses.

A $12 million gain on a land sale was $0.03 per share. And
finally, $48 million or $0.14 per share of cost reduction and asset actions
that include Dr. Serhan's work to restructure our engineering, manufacturing
and technology organizations. Further details on all non-GAAP items can be
found in the appendix slide and the footnotes to our earnings release.

Excluding non-GAAP items, our Q4 continuing operations EPS
of $1.76 increased $0.27 per share or 18% versus last year. Higher volumes
broadly increased EPS by $0.09 per share. Pricing and raw materials taken
together increased EPS by $0.07. China pricing strengthened again this quarter.

Net cost performance was favorable $0.06 as our productivity
actions and the TSA income more than offset inflation. We are pleased that we
delivered on our $100 million productivity commitment this year.

As a reminder, included in the cost major factor is the
other income and expense line on the consolidated P&L. As I shared last
quarter, we are providing services via transition service agreements, or TSAs,
to both Versum and Evonik. The costs to provide these services are primarily in
SG&A. The payment we received for these services was about $10 million this
quarter and is shown in the other income and expense line.

We expect these TSAs to wind down in the first half of 2018
and are committed to taking actions to reduce the costs associated with
providing these services. Depending on the exact timing, we may see a brief gap
between the end of the revenue from the TSAs and the cost savings.

For the quarter, currency and foreign exchange gains and
losses net to $0.02 favorable as we experienced a weaker dollar, particularly
versus the euro, as the trend from earlier this year reversed. Equity affiliate
income added $0.02 due to the underlying strength across a number of our joint
ventures.

Other nonoperating income added $0.03 due to interest
income. Interest expense was $0.01 favorable as our lower debt balance more
than offset higher rates. Tax, noncontrolling interest, and shares outstanding
were each $0.01 unfavorable.

Turning to Slide 22, I would like to update you on our
capital deployment capacity. We have about $3.7 billion of cash and short-term
investments as of September 30. After maintaining a modest operating cash
balance, we have about $3.5 billion of cash available to invest.

Our debt balance as of September 30 is about $4 billion. As
you know, we are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current
targeted A/A2 rating. We expect this would enable a debt level in the range of
approximately 2.0x to 2.5x EBITDA.

Based on a trailing 12 months EBITDA of $2.8 billion, this
would support a debt level in the range of about $5.5 to $7 billion. So in
total, between our available cash and additional debt capacity, we have about
$5.5 billion we can deploy today while maintaining our A/A2 rating.

As we have mentioned, we also expect to generate over $1
billion per year of investable cash that is after paying taxes, interest,
maintenance CapEx and dividends. So as Seifi mentioned, over the next 3 years,
we expect to have a total of at least $8 billion available to invest.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING F. PAINTER, EVP OF INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. Please turn to Slide #23. FY '17 was a good
year across our regional businesses. We grew both sales and profits in all 3 of
them and concluded the year on a high note.

In summary, I'd say in the Americas, the profit improvement
was driven primarily by higher volumes and productivity. In EMEA, the team
overcame currency headwinds through productivity actions. And in Asia, we had
great success in both volume and pricing.

We made significant productivity gains this year, while at
the same time supporting merchant demand growth. For example, our investments
in distribution efficiency have helped us absorb the higher distribution costs
inherent in our drive to increase our retail business.

We ended the year with 2 quarters of sequential sales and
profit growth in each of the 3 regions, and we delivered record quarterly
profits in Q4. I would like to thank our team around the world for all their
dedication and hard work in achieving exceptional safety and business results
in FY '17.

Now please turn to Slide 24, Gases Americas. Before
discussing our results, I'd like to express a special thanks to our operating
team in the Gulf Coast. As is our practice, teams of employees volunteered to
ride out Hurricane Harvey in our facilities to ensure safe and reliable supply
to our customers. Our plants operated extremely well, did not sustain any
damage, and we only shut down plants due to low customer demand. We were able
to keep running.

Reliability is an important part of our business model and
we delivered. Our team did all this safely and efficiently under trying
conditions. Well done.

The hurricane had little to no impact on costs and only a
modest impact on sales. As a result of our people's dedication and the strength
of our business throughout the Americas, we were very pleased to report strong
results despite the hurricane.

For this quarter, sales were $953 million, an increase of 9%
versus last year. Volumes were up 7% while currency and energy pass-through
were both up 1%.

North American volumes grew on strong hydrogen volumes as
our refinery customers continued to operate at a high level with less planned
maintenance outages despite the disruptions caused by the hurricane.

We also saw positive volume across our other product lines
in North America. Latin American volumes were up slightly this quarter versus
prior year, however, economic activity remains weak. The overall pricing impact
was slightly positive but rounded to flat versus last year, as higher North
American pricing more than offset negative Latin America pricing.

EBITDA of $402 million was up 14% as higher volumes, lower
planned maintenance costs and our Taking the Lead productivity programs more
than offset the hurricane impact on volumes. EBITDA margin of 42.2% was up 220
basis points higher than last year, driven by higher volume and cost savings.

Higher energy pass-through reduced the margin by about 60
basis points. So excluding this, the margin was up about 280 basis points.
Sequentially, EBITDA was up 9%, primarily driven by lower planned maintenance
costs and stronger volumes.

Now please turn to Slide 25. In our Europe, Middle East and
Africa business, the volume growth versus prior year and prior quarter was
driven primarily by our new hydrogen plant in India that was onstream for the
full quarter. As a reminder, this 100% owned facility is reported in the EMEA
segment, while the rest of our India business continues to be reported in Asia
equity affiliate income.

Versus last year, sales of $515 million were up 24% with
volumes up 18%. Currency, primarily the euro, added another 5%. While the new
India plant was the strong majority of the volume growth, our LOX/LIN and
cylinder volumes were both up mid-single digits with the base business
contributing almost 3% to the segment volume growth. Overall pricing was
slightly positive but rounded to flat as slightly higher underlying real
pricing was partially offset by customer and product mix.

EBITDA of $180 million was up 17% compared to prior year,
again primarily driven by the new plant in India. However, the higher merchant
sales, productivity and positive currency impact also improved profitability.

EBITDA margin of 35% was down 220 basis points versus last
year primarily due to the new India plant. We are very pleased with the returns
of this new project in India. But since there's always a significant amount of
natural gas pass-through in any hydrogen project and natural gas is
particularly expensive here, it is margin dilutive. EBITDA was up 16%
sequentially on higher volumes, productivity and positive currency.

Please turn to slide 26, Gases Asia, where our pricing and
sales momentum continued. Sales of $552 million were up 23% compared to prior
year, driven by strong volume and increased prices.

Volumes were up 17%, roughly split 60/40 between new plants,
primarily Yitai, and our base business. Merchant volumes were up across all
product lines, and the LOX/LIN retail to wholesale ratio continued to improve.

Sequentially, reported volumes were down due to the
equipment sales last quarter. We raised prices significantly in the merchant
market in China, which drove the overall 6% increase for the region. Our team
worked hard to raise prices across all liquid businesses and was particularly
successful in the spot and wholesale markets. We believe China's government's
focus on consolidating the steel industry and its corresponding impact on
captive air separation plants has improved the supply-demand balance. That
said, we are closely monitoring this market as spot and wholesale pricing can
be volatile.

EBITDA of $224 million was up 31% compared to prior year
driven by the strong volumes and higher pricing. EBITDA margin of 40.6% was up
240 basis points.

Finally, please turn to Slide 27 for a brief comment on our
Global Gases segment, which includes our air separation unit, sale of equipment
business as well as central industrial gas business costs.

Sales were up $14 million, while profits were down $10
million versus prior year. We continue to make good progress on the Jazan
project, but as you may remember, we recorded a large profit in Q4 of FY 2016,
making for a tough comparison for this quarter.

Now I'll turn the call back to Simon for a comment on our
Corporate segment.

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to Slide 28.
Our Corporate segment includes our LNG business, our helium container business
and our Corporate costs.

For the year, segment sales were down about $150 million and
EBITDA was down about $90 million, primarily driven by significantly lower LNG
project activity. For the quarter, in addition to the weaker LNG business, we
also had a negative impact from helium inventory revaluation. For FY '18,
although we've still have not yet seen LNG customers moving forward with their
investment decisions, we don't anticipate an earnings headwind for the
Corporate segment.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call back over to Seifi for a
discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. Before we take
your questions, I would like to make a few comments about Air Products' future.
As I discussed earlier, we are very proud of having delivered on our promises
from 3 years ago, and we are excited about the opportunity to build on our
success.

Our safety, productivity and operating performance continues
to be strong. In fiscal year '18 and beyond, we will continue to focus on
productivity, which remains an important factor in delivering our earning per
share growth commitment.

As you will recall, 3 years ago, we stated that we will
deliver $600 million of productivity improvement. Up to now, we have delivered
more than $475 million, and we will deliver the balance in the next 2 or 3
years.

As you know, our portfolio actions and strong cash flow
generation of our company provides us with an expected capacity of over $8
billion to invest over the next 3 years. I am confident that Air Products will
be successful in utilizing our balance sheet to invest in our core Industrial
Gases business to create significant value for our shareholders.

Let me review the investment opportunities we see for the
growth that I'm talking about. First, acquisition of small- and medium-sized
industrial gas companies or assets from -- businesses from our industrial gas
competitors.

The second area of opportunity is to purchase existing
industrial gas facilities from our customers to create long-term contracts
where we own and operate the plant and sell industrial gases to the customer
based on a fixed fee. This is what we call asset buybacks, and we see
opportunities for oxygen and hydrogen plants around the world in this category.

We also see the opportunity to expand our scope of supply to
include the operation of existing gasification units and sale of syngas to
customers under long-term agreements. Essentially, these opportunities are the
same as the traditional on-site business model that we have, something that we
do every day, but with existing rather than new production assets.

The Lu'An project that we described before is a perfect
example of this area of possible growth for us. We expect to do more of these.

And the third area of opportunity is the very large industrial
gas projects around the world driven by demand for more energy, cleaner energy
and emerging market growth. The Jazan project in Saudi Arabia is a great
example of how big these projects can be. The plant we are building in Jazan is
the largest project in the history of industrial gas industry with close to $2
billion of capital investment.

Some of these new large projects that I'm talking about
could also include gasification and syngas supply. We are committed to staying
disciplined and won't invest our money unless we are confident the risk/return
profile will create significant value for our shareholders.

Now please turn to Slide #29. Our great team of
hard-working, dedicated, talented and motivated employees remain focused on
being the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world,
providing excellent service to our customers.

Continuing our positive momentum, we expect to deliver
earning per share of $6.85 to $7.05 for fiscal year 2018, up 9% to 12% from our
very strong fiscal year 2017 performance. We remain confident in our ability to
deliver on our commitment to grow earning per share by at least 10% each year
in the future.

For quarter 1 of fiscal year 2018, our earning per share
guidance is $1.60 to $1.70, up 9% to 16% over the first quarter of fiscal year
2017. We expect our capital expenditure to be in the range of $1 billion to
$1.2 billion in fiscal year 2018.

As I mentioned before, our EPS and CapEx guidance do not
include any contribution from the Lu'An project or any other M&A
opportunities that we might execute during the year. We are certainly working
on other opportunities that could potentially add to our results in fiscal year
2018, but have not included any other significant acquisition in our guidance.

Let me summarize on Slide #30. I'm proud of the performance
that our great team delivered in the last few years and very excited about the
potential for Air Products in 2018 and beyond to deliver real growth in our
sales and profitability.

Please turn to Slide #31. In addition to being the safest
and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, we are now elevating
our commitment to diversity and inclusion by explicitly incorporating it in our
goal. This is a natural extension of the culture that we are building at Air
Products.

I believe this focus on diversity and inclusion will
actually contribute to maintaining our position as the most profitable
industrial gas company over the long term because, as I've always said, the
degree of commitment and motivation of our people is the real sustainable
competitive advantage that we have. We want to ensure that we are providing
opportunities and the right environment for everyone to contribute and succeed,
regardless of their gender, color, race, religion, orientation, country of
origin, or any other dimension of diversity.

At this point, we will be delighted to answer your
questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first
question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Just on the merchant pricing in China, obviously, nice acceleration
from 4% last quarter to 6% this quarter. Where do you think we are in terms of
utilization right there? It feels like there's been a very significant uptick
in the past few quarters. I think we're in the mid-80s? And I felt like you
were being a little bit conservative maybe on the outlook, just talking about
how it can lump around. But what are you seeing? And what do you think the bull
and bear case is on this line item going forward?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: First of all, good morning, Vincent, and
I'd just like to -- I'm going to ask Corning to answer the specifics, but I'd
just like to say that you have to make a distinction between utilization of the
overall industrial gas companies in China and our utilization rate. So Corning
is going to address our utilization rate.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So our utilization rates are in the
low-80s. I think you're fishing for what we think the larger market might be.
But I think with the dynamic situation in the steel industry, it is difficult
to make a precise estimate of where we think overall industry loading is at.
Clearly, though, the supply/demand dynamic is better than it has been.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay. And just as a follow-up in
the Americas, year-over-year, there was an issue with lower maintenance
expense. But then obviously, also the volume came back nicely, and I would
assume that had an incremental positive impact. So can you just help us bridge
last year to this year? And what was the gross positive benefit from the
maintenance? Or would you say the volume was maybe better anyway regardless of
the difference in maintenance year-over-year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So there was -- I would say, the
volume was a positive for us if we look across the business. Maintenance was a
mild positive for us if we look at the fourth quarter. If we look at the full
year, relatively flat.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, Vincent, I'd just like to add that
one of the main drivers for our volume growth is our hydrogen business.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Christopher
Parkinson with Credit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CRéDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: You had a little on this during your
prepared remarks, but can you just kind of give us a little more detail and the
update on the Lu'An, just the regulatory process, I guess it was the original 4
to 6 months. I guess that's the reasoning for excluding it from your fiscal
year '18 guidance. And then more importantly, probably as well as the Chinese
opportunity that may await once you receive the regulatory approval.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, with respect to Lu'An, the
approval that we need is that Lu'An is a state-owned company. Whatever they
need to do has to be approved by SASAC which is the overall controller of the
-- all of the assets for all of the state-owned companies in China. That
process does take time. It is difficult to make an assessment. We, quite
honestly, had a lot of debate what to do about this thing, and we thought that
the best thing is to say that let's not exclude it in our estimate. And then
when the time comes and we get approval, we will obviously add it. But I'd just
like to say that Lu'An, on a full year operating basis, if it was operating for
a full year, it will contribute to our bottom line about $0.25, $0.26. So now
during fiscal year '17, whenever it comes out, we will inform you. We expect
this process to take about 5 or 6 months. It's just like a little bit like an
antitrust approval, but we don't know for sure. But as soon as that happens and
be closed, we will let the investment community know, and we will adjust our
guidance accordingly. With respect to other projects in China, obviously, we
are working on other projects in China, and when and if they happen, we will,
obviously, make an announcement.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Great. And you hit a little on the
merchant pricing, but overall, just results across -- it seems China, India
continue to do well. Can you just walk us through your rough expectations for
Asia, if you have any additional comments by country, and I even think you have
a project or 2 in South Korea as well. So any additional comments there would
be helpful.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I think I'll just -- we have been
saying this for quite a while, Chris, that we are very positive about growth
opportunities in China. India is growing very fast. You don't see the results
because we don't consolidate the numbers. They are making very good progress in
Korea. We are executing a lot of -- so we feel very positive about that region.
Corning, would you like to add anything?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So let me just say, I think in
China, it's across many different industry groups where we're seeing success,
and you see that in merchant, which really cuts across most manufacturing
fields out there. In a country like Korea, the overall economy I would say, is
not quite as dynamic as the Chinese, but the Electronics one is very strong.
And we're well positioned to succeed there and have an active project in
Pyeongtaek and are already building a second plant for that. So I think that's
where we see the growth in a country like that.

OPERATOR: We'll take a next question from Don Carson with
Susquehanna Financial.

DONALD DAVID CARSON, SENIOR ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL
GROUP, LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: A question on the underlying business. You had
a pickup in volume growth. I think you were 6% for the year, but you were 9%
for the quarter. If you strip out some of the new projects like India, it would
appear that you're seeing some accelerating momentum in your base business in
merchant and cylinder gas globally. Is that the case? And how do you feel about
that momentum as 2018 unfolds?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I think that is the case. Quite
honestly, when you look at the -- what our competitors have announced, you get
a sense for that. So overall, we are seeing positive signs for the overall industrial
gas industry, and we -- based on what we see right now, we're obviously
positive for 2018, but anything can happen. But in general, there is a positive
environment for all of us. Corning, would you like to answer?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Maybe just to clarify for that. In our
base number, India is in our equity affiliate. So the biggest driver you're
seeing in there is really in the other areas. And if I was going to look in a
region like Europe, the base business up 3%, and that's both packaged gases,
which has been on a rebound for us for over a year, but the liquid/bulk is a
more positive trend for us. So I'd say mildly improving conditions and that
we're seeing that across many of the industries that we serve.

DONALD DAVID CARSON: Corning, how about in North America and
Europe as opposed to Latin America? Are you seeing improvement in merchant
business as well?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Well, to be clear, most of the
improvement we saw was really in the HyCO space for us. I'd say we clearly had
positive LOX/LIN volume growth for the quarter, but it was modest.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: The growth in the U.S. is very modest.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our next
question from Jeff Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: There were $48 million in restructuring charges.
Are those cash charges or noncash? Or what's the split? And in the fund flow
statement, there was $165 million annual benefit from other adjustments. Is
that something that will repeat next year? Or it won't?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think the best person to answer this is
Scott.

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Hi, Jeff. Scott. So in terms of
the costs for the restructuring, yes, there will be cash costs that we'll see.
We saw a little bit in this quarter, but most of that will be seen earlier part
of next year. So yes, that will be a cash cost that's in there. And the other
thing in terms of the cash flow statement and the comment on the other tax
election, so as I've mentioned, we took a restructuring of our South America
business that allowed us to recognize a loss that partially offset the gain for
Evonik. So we also saw a benefit. That's going to be $111 million of benefit to
the cash flow statement, about 1/3 of that came forward in the fourth quarter
and the other 2/3 will be in the second quarter is when we expect to see that.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. And then was the contribution
from Jazan in the fourth quarter similar to what it was in the third quarter or
different? And did you notice that Praxair signed a deal with BASF in the
syngas area in Louisiana? And do you think that, that shows that the syngas
area is now sort of identified by the industrial gas industry generally and
will become more competitive over time?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, on -- with respect to the Jazan
thing, I think there wasn't much of a difference between the third quarter and
fourth quarter. And then with respect to the syngas, they did announce that
they're doing something with BASF on syngas, though, quite honestly, 1 month
ago, we did -- about 1.5 month ago, we are building a bigger project for
Huntsman in the same area. It's a very large HyCO unit providing CO to their
MDI unit. So I think the idea of providing -- we have been providing basically
syngas to most of these companies when we build SMRs. The part that we are
getting into is when that syngas is being converted to other materials like
liquids or diesel fuel and so on. We are getting involved in that part, and I
leave it for the other company to come in if they are getting into that or not.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Duffy Fischer
with Barclays.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR CHEMICAL ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just question again on Jazan to follow on
there a little bit. That has been sequentially somewhat lumpy at times since
we've undertaken it. Can you give us any guidance as we go through this year?
Should we expect meaningful lumpiness? And can you help us with which quarters
might be up or down significantly if that's the case?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I don't expect any lumpiness because,
quite honestly, that project is going very smoothly. The reason that it was
lumpy last year in 2016 was because we were not taking any profit for a while,
just making sure that the project is real and is on- stream. But during the
course of 2017, it has been very kind of not very lumpy, and we don't expect
that to be -- we expect that to be smooth for the balance of 2018.

PATRICK DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. And then just on Lu'An. You
talked about kind of that $0.25 of profitability the first year. Should we
think about that as a baseline that would then grow roughly in line with what
Air Products does kind of 10% plus? Or, is there some natural synergies there that
would mean year 2 and year 3 should see meaningfully faster growth than what
the base company would see?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Duffy, the agreement that we have on
Lu'An is like our other on-site agreements. It is a fixed BFC. So the
profitability of that business is going to be approximately $0.25, $0.26 on an
annual basis, and it will be the same in the future, except for some
adjustments for inflation. So that's -- it's not a business that is going to
grow beyond just the adjustments that we have agreed with the other side for
inflation. So that is the good thing because it's not going to go down. It's
going to be consistent, and it's fixed fee that we charge Lu'An for providing
the syngas.

OPERATOR: We'll take a next question from P.J. Juvekar from
Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, your backlog of $1.5 billion, it's
quite strong in Asia but has only 2 projects on the U.S. Gulf Coast. So when --
the industry adds investment on the Gulf Coast, do you expect to see more
projects down the road in your backlog?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. If there are projects done in the
Gulf Coast, when they would happen, we expect to get our fair share of the
market, yes. But there are not that many projects being executed in the Gulf
Coast.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay. And a long-term question for you, Seifi.
You know a lot about lithium and electric cars, given your background from
Rockwood. Do you think that electrification of automobiles would be negative
for hydrogen assets for the industry and you could end up with some stranded
assets down the road?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No, not at all. I actually, the way I see
that, P.J., I think the industry -- I'm not an expert, but I tell you my view.
I think the industry is going to shift to electric for sure. But then people
are going to find out that now they have to generate the electricity. And
certain countries like China, they have a lot of coal that they can burn, it's
called clean coal gasification, which is great for us to create -- use the coal
and create clean electricity. But there are countries like Japan. How do you
generate electricity in Japan? That is why the -- in Japan -- now you look at
Toyota, they are not working on electric cars. They are working on hydrogen
cars because they don't have coal to generate the electricity. And they don't
want to do nuclear. I see the transition over time by internal combustion and
electric cars and eventually hydrogen. So we are very bullish on that, and we
are, as you know, the leader in this field. And this is a long-term thing. It
will happen 15, 20 years from now. But right now, we are very active in this
area, and we see actually a very great future for hydrogen cars, which would be
a better solution in the long term than electric cars.

P.J. JUVEKAR: And are you actively investing in hydrogen
cars, or creating hydrogen assets for hydrogen-powered cars?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are actually investing, yes, quite a
bit in -- not in the production of the hydrogen cars but in production of
fueling station and creating fueling stations, so that when you have your
hydrogen car, you can go like a gas station and fill your car with hydrogen. We
have some of those operational. If you are in Los Angeles, we can show you
those where it says Air Products, and you can actually drive there and fill up
your car with hydrogen. We are working on hundreds of these. We are working on
those in the United States, in California. We have a joint venture now with
[Xinhua] in China to do this. We are working on this thing in Japan. We are
working on this thing in Europe. Yes, we are active. I think of all of
industrial gas companies, we are the most active in this area.

OPERATOR: Take our next question from Kevin McCarthy with
Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: Seifi, over the past year in particular, we've seen a lot of
environmental-related supply constraints across various industries in China. If
I look at your volume numbers in Asia, they're up 17%. I think you indicated
2/3 of that was new plants. So maybe mid-single-digits baseline growth. And so
my question is, are you seeing or not seeing any impact from some of those
supply constraints broadly in China? Or put differently, would your volume
numbers in Asia be even better were that not the case?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. The environmental constraints in
China are very beneficial to us because one of the effects of the environmental
constraints is the shutting down of a lot of inefficient steel industry, which
is basically elimination of our competitors because those are small steel
companies, each had an air separation unit and it was a competitor. So from
that point of view, it's positive. The second thing is that China is moving in
a big way toward clean coal technology, and that is why you see all of these
gasification projects. That is why we are focused on them. So overall, we are
benefiting from the constraints that they have put in there. That is why when
we talk about growth in the future, you always see that we talk about energy,
about environment and about emerging markets. So that is a very positive trend
for us. And fortunately, we are in a leading position about coal gasification,
and we will see a lot of benefits and a lot of big projects in the future.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY: And then the second question on
EMEA. Volume of 18% there. What would that number have been were it not for the
new plant in India? How would you characterize the baseline growth regionally
in EMEA?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: That would have been 3%.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Bob Koort with
Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Just a quick one. I'm wondering, is there any rays of hope out there
on the LNG side? I think you said it's not going to get worse, but I guess
we've seen oil's rallied 25% or 30% here in the last 3 or 4 months. Is that
something that might spark some increased activity?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, I -- on LNG, basically is right now
not making any money. We have restructured the business in such a way that we
wouldn't lose anything. So we are at the bottom. Anything that happens will be
on the upside. Depending on whom you talk to the industry, and I'm sure you are
very much a -- very knowledgeable on this thing, different people take
different views. We are prepared to live with -- we have said that in 2018, we
don't expect any improvement. But in 2019/2020, I think it will come back.
Because no matter how you look at it, -- the world is going to need LNG. So
it's just a matter of riding through the cycle. But fortunately for us, the
worst is over.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: And so if you characterize the China
changed behavior towards some of these end markets or production assets helping
you, is there also some scope that, as we've seen in some industries, these
will only be temporary adjustments? Or do you think there's actually some
permanent closure over there that's giving way to some sustainability on these
trends?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: We are very optimistic that these are
permanent things, but Corning, you want to make some comments?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. I think that the underlying
megatrend in China and their approach to steel and all of that is going to
continue. I do think it could be a little bit bouncy between now and then and
especially, let's say, in some of the wholesale business areas, but of course,
we're moving more towards retail. But I think the underlying megatrend is going
to be sustained for some time.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It's going to be good for us. Sure.

OPERATOR: With a question from David Begleiter from Deutsche
Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, just on your 2018 guidance, I believe there
that you're looking for a $0.65 EPS increase at the midpoint. Do you have an
earnings bridge to get from '17 to '18 for the $0.65?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, David, Air Products used to do
that. I told them to stop that because we don't want to give too much
information to our competitors. But basically, what is that $0.65? That $0.65
consists of productivity that we will continue to deliver. It will consist of
new plants coming onstream, which is not a lot if you exclude Lu'An. And then it
will come from what we believe will be some modest growth in volumes and some
modest growth in pricing and then -- you add all of that up, and we come up
with the $0.63. We obviously feel very confident that we can deliver that.
Otherwise, we wouldn't put it in our guidance. But those are the key elements.
But we don't break it down anymore as we used to do.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very clear. And just on capital
deployment, Seifi, and I know it's -- you can't discuss it till it happens. But
is it more likely to be second -- first half than second half or vice versa in
terms of when the next project or 2 might be announced for that $1 billion plus
of deployment?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, what do you want me to say, David?

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: I can say, first half.

UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: You're trying.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. Thanks.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Steve Byrne with
Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: You had this price increase announcement about 1
month ago in your North American merchant business in the 10% to 20% range. Can
you just comment on what's the average term of your North American merchant
contracts and, therefore, the percentage that might be up for renewal in any
given year? And do you see this market tight enough for that to flow through
upon contract renewal or the risk of losing some of these accounts?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Corning will answer that.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, so let me speak about the term and
then be a little more coy on the pricing just because I think of the
competitive situation there. So the term typically is 5 years. So you can think
of about 20% of it coming up in any given year. Different contracts have different
clauses in it. Some get rolled before the 5-year period is up and so forth. So
I would just say we work pricing hard, and that announcement is part of our
overall pricing program, but I'd really not like to go into specifics around
that.

STEVE BYRNE: And then one for you, Seifi. One of your
long-term plans was just a culture change at Air Products. How would you assess
where you are at now? Do you see more to go there? Or has that -- has there
been a sufficient amount of change in the overall company organization?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I -- on that front, I'm obviously
pleased with the improvements that we have made. But I think there is more room
to go. As I always tell our people, I'm happy where we are, but I'm never going
to be satisfied. Whatever we are, we can do even better than that. I think
people have responded very well. I'm very, very proud of the team. I always say
that I'm very -- quite honestly, very proud and honored to be part of this
team. But there is still room to go. We have 15,000 people in this company, and
to claim that we have reached every one of them with the new culture would be
an exaggeration. So we do have more work to do, but we have made a lot of
progress. And I think the best example of that is our safety record because
that we need the participation of all the 15,000 people. And obviously, our
financial performance, and it's not easy to improve the EBITDA margin of a
company like the size of Air Products by 900 basis points in 3 years unless you
had the full cooperation and support of all of the people. So I thank them for
that and -- but as I said, there's always more room to go.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: As the
Jazan equipment sales ramp down and with LNG at a low level, does it make sense
to roll the global segment at some point into the regional segments and maybe
take out some more overhead?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: No. The global thing is just what we
report. It is not creating us any -- it's not a different sector that somebody
is running with a staff or anything, John. That's just how we report it to you
because I did not want to allocate Corporate overhead to the regions. And so
that -- it stands out, and you can take a look at it, and we can challenge it
every day. But it's not an organization that if we kind of roll it into other
things, we would save any money.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: Okay. I withdraw the question,
then. Any opportunities for Air Products to own 100% of Jazan? I mean, it seems
like Saudi Arabia is more in a monetization mode as a country, and obviously,
Air Products is in an investment mode here. Is that a possibility? Or you don't
see that down the road?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that if the 75% of
Jazan that we don't own was owned by the government of Saudi Arabia, I think we
might have an argument on that. But the 75% that we do not own is owned by a
private company, ACWA Energy, and they like Jazan as much as we do. So unless
we are willing to go and offer them a very high price, I think they like where
they are and they would like there so -- and certainly that company's a very
strong company, and they're not suffering from cash. So I think the possibility
is very low, John.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jim Sheehan
with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: With respect to your cash flow focus and
distributable cash flow for -- the outlook for 2018, where do you expect your
maintenance CapEx level to be relative to the $377 million in fiscal '17?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think I'd be on solid ground to say
that it would be around $400 million. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, I agree. Roughly flat to this
year.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. About $400 million.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Mike Harrison
with Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD & SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Corning, can you quantify
what was the hydrogen growth in the Americas and maybe give a little bit more
color on the impact that the hurricane had. Was it all just lost volume? Or did
you end up getting some unusual spot sales because competitors may have been
out or people needed hydrogen in unusual places.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Mike, this is Seifi. I am certain that
Corning can quantify exactly what the growth in hydrogen was, but he's not
going to do that because we don't want to give that information away. I'm sure
you understand that, Mike, right.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: Understood. And then was wondering
if you could comment on the progress that you're making in replacing the
merchant revenue related to Airgas? Just kind of update on what kind of impact
you expect from the loss of that business and the timing of when it hits you?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That was a contract where we were not
making a lot of money on it. So I'm not sure that it was a huge loss on that.
But Corning, you want to -- I don't think we're going to quantify anything for
you. But Corning, you want to make any general comments?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So we're working hard to replace
that volume, and we've had modest volume growth, as I talked about earlier, in
terms of LOX/LIN and LAR, and so we continue to work that. You'll see a full
quarter impact of that next quarter.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: And we have taken that into
consideration, obviously, when we gave you our guidance.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Laurence
Alexander with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two quick ones. Can you characterize bidding
activity and, in particular, whether the Lu'An JV returns are comparable to
what you're seeing on new bids or if they're above average? And secondly, with
reference to your discussion about hydrogen cars, are you seeing any shift
particularly in Europe about carbon taxes and, therefore, renewed interest in
your technology around carbon capture?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: With respect to Lu'An, I mean, we have
told you that the Lu'An returns are -- we don't take any projects less than
10%. So Lu'An is at higher than that. With respect to carbon capture in Europe,
we are seeing some legislation, but I think Corning is very informed on this
thing. He can give you an answer. Go ahead.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. Let me just say a few weeks ago I
was in Europe talking with a major customer about a carbon capture project. I
think the conditions are always going to require government support, and that's
not fully in place. But the opportunity is enough there that we're in direct
conversations with people about it.

OPERATOR: And we have no further questions at this time.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. With that, I would like to thank
everybody for being on our call today. Thanks for taking time from your very
busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and
we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter. Have a
very nice day and all the very best.

OPERATOR: And that does conclude today's call. Thank you for
your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE APPLICABLE
COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE
BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102617a10983318.718










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%);
AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (76%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (76%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (69%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (92%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C (NYSE) (84%); C (BMV) (84%); 8710
(TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (83%); DBK (FRA)
(83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%); STI (NYSE) (71%)










 NAICS325120 INDUSTRIAL GAS MANUFACTURING (98%);
SIC2813 INDUSTRIAL GASES (98%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%);
NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6289 SERVICES
ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (91%); SIC6211
SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES
BROKERAGE (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS522110
COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS522210
CREDIT CARD ISSUING (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%);
SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS
FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%);
SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (83%); SIC6021 NATIONAL
COMMERCIAL BANKS (71%); NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES
(70%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (95%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH
(92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); INDUSTRIAL GAS MFG (91%);
INDUSTRIAL GASES (91%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%);
CHEMICALS (90%); CHEMICALS MFG (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS
(89%); MANUFACTURING (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); REAL ESTATE (78%);
AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (76%); PAYMENT CARDS &
SERVICES (76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CREDIT CARDS (73%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 November 2, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

August
1, 2017 Tuesday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 9809 words

Corporate Participants

* Corning F. Painter

 and 

. -
EVP of Industrial Gases

* Michael Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
Executive VP & CFO

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR & Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Credit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Emily Kate Wagner

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Associate

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey John Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP and Equity Research
Analyst

* Matthew P. DeYoe

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals' third quarter earnings release conference call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products.

Please note that this presentation and the comments made on
behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air Products and all rights
are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR & CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Kathy. Good morning, everyone. Welcome
to Air Products' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Results Teleconference. This is
Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined
today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter, Air
Products' Executive Vice President responsible for Industrial Gases.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com.

Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure on
Page 2 of the slides and in today's earnings release.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone.
Thank you for taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today.
We do appreciate your interest in Air Products.

I am very pleased to report that due to the hard work and
commitment of our people at Air Products, we delivered another quarter of very
strong performance with EPS growth of 15% over last year. This is the 13th
consecutive quarter that we have reported year-over-year EPS growth.

We also delivered excellent safety results and generated
over $500 million of distributable cash flow this quarter. Our volumes are up
8%, the highest in more than 2 years, and we continue to win and execute
successfully on major industrial gas projects for customers around the world.

Now please turn to Slide #3, where I would like to take a
few minutes to remind everyone of the progress we have made. Specifically, I
want to talk about the promises we made 3 years ago and the results we have
delivered. In 2014, we made several commitments to ourselves and to our
shareholders. And as I recall, there may have been skepticism in the investment
community at the time about our ability to deliver. So let us update you on
where we are today.

Three years ago, we said that Air Products will be the
safest industrial gas company in the world, we will be the most profitable
industrial gas company in the world, we will divest our non-core assets, we
will have the best balance sheet in the industry, and we will deliver 10% per
year EPS growth every year. I am proud of our team for delivering on every one
of these promises.

On Slide #4, you can see the results of the first 2
commitments. We are today the safest and most profitable industrial gas company
in the world. We have delivered significant improvement in our employee
lost-time injury rate, and we have an EBITDA margin of 34%, which is up 900
basis points versus 3 years ago.

On Slide #5, you can see our success in divesting non-core
assets. We sold our chemical business to Evonik for almost 16x EBITDA, and I'm
confident this business and the people involved will thrive in Evonik. We
spun-off our Electronic Materials business as an independent company called
Versum Materials. The Versum team is 100% focused on the electronic market as a
leading materials supplier. They have delivered strong results, and the Versum
stock is currently trading at over 13x EBITDA in fact, a higher multiple than
Air Products right now. And as you saw this morning, the great management team
there delivered very strong results also.

Slide #6 shows the results of our improved business
performance and the successful transactions. Air Products has the strongest
balance sheet in the industry. So we are well-positioned to take advantage of
the tremendous growth opportunities in Industrial Gases. That is our future.
And we can see -- and as you can see, we have delivered EPS growth of 10% in
2015, 16% in fiscal year '16, and at the midpoint of our '17 guidance, we will
be up another 10%.

To summarize, on Slide 7, the hard-working and committed
team at Air Products has delivered on what we promised. And what is most
exciting to me right now is that we are very well positioned to grow Air
Products and create significant further value for our shareholders. We now have
the balance sheet to do it.

Let me review the investment opportunities we see for this
growth that I'm talking about. First, acquisitions of small and medium-sized
industrial gas companies or assets or businesses from other industrial gas
companies. Second area of opportunity is to purchase existing industrial gas
facilities from our customers to create long-term contracts where we own and
operate the plant and sell industrial gases to the customer based on a fixed
fee. We see opportunities for oxygen and hydrogen plants around the world in
this category.

We also see the opportunity to expand our scope of supply to
include the operation of existing gasification units and sale of syngas to
customers under long-term agreement. Essentially, these opportunities are the
same as the traditional on-site business model that we have, something that we
do every day, but with existing rather than new production assets.

And the third area of opportunity is the very large
industrial gas projects around the world driven by demand for more energy,
cleaner energy and emerging markets. The Jazan project in Saudi Arabia is a
great example of how big these projects can be. The plants we are building in
Jazan is the largest project in the history of industrial gas industry, with
close to $2 billion of capital investment. Some of these new large projects
that I'm talking about could also include gasification and syngas supply and
could be as big or even bigger than Jazan.

Scott will take you through the details, but like last
quarter, we estimate that we will have at least $8 billion of capacity to
invest over the next 3 years. And I truly believe that Air Products will be
successful in utilizing our balance sheet to invest in our core industrial
gases business to create significant shareholder value.

But as I have always said, if we can't find enough good
projects, we will stay disciplined and return the cash to our shareholders.
After all, it is your money.

And I know everybody continues to be interested in the
timeline for deploying the cash. But as I have said, we are not in a hurry, and
we will take our time to make sure that we are investing in value-generating
projects.

Now please turn to Slide #8, where you can see examples of
the success that Air Products has had with major projects around the world.
Just in the past quarter, we announced new electronic wins in China, a new HyCO
facility in Louisiana and a new air separation unit in New York. These new wins
will drive growth for Air Products and create value for our shareholders. As
importantly, our team are executing well on our projects in the backlog. We
successfully brought onstream a major hydrogen plant in India and another major
oxygen plant in China.

Now please turn to Slide #9 that shows another quarter of
very strong safety performance. These results do not happen without every one
of our team around the world being focused on safety every single day. I also
believe these results also reflect an empowered and focused culture that also
creates good financial results.

Slide #10 is our goal for the company. As I explained at the
beginning of this call, we have made great progress and are determined to
continue to be the safest and most [profitable] industrial gas company in the
world, providing excellent service to our customers.

Now please turn to Slide #11, our overall management
philosophy that we have talked to you [about] many times. We continue to be
focused on shareholder value, cash generation, capital allocation and an
empowered and decentralized organization.

And Slide #12 that you have seen many times before is our
Five-Point Plan, which is the road map for our success.

Slide #13 shows you the results of our 3 key metrics. We
remain committed to our goal to be the most profitable industrial gas company
in the world, as measured by each of these 3 metrics. And today, we are the
most profitable industrial gas company in the world, as measured by each one of
these metrics. We remain focused on driving further improvement as we move
forward.

Now please go to my favorite slide, Slide #14. It's
obviously great to see that the margins improved versus last quarter. Also, as
you know, the natural gas prices are higher. We report higher sales with no
profit since the costs are passed through to our customers. Excluding this
impact from natural gas, actually, EBITDA margins were 30- basis points higher
versus last year.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon
to make some closing remarks, and then we will be more than happy to answer your
questions. Scott?

MICHAEL SCOTT CROCCO, EXECUTIVE VP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 15
for a more detailed review of our Q3 results. Sales of $2.1 billion increased
11% versus last year on 8% higher volumes. This was our best volume performance
in at least 2 years. Higher energy cost pass-through added 5%, while the
currency impact was 2% unfavorable.

Volumes were higher across all 3 regions. And taken
together, the regions increased overall volumes by 8%. In our sale of equipment
businesses, continued progress on our Jazan project was largely offset by the
continued weakness in LNG. Overall, pricing remains unchanged, with increases
in Asia being offset by weakness in Europe.

EBITDA of $722 million improved by 7%, and operating income
of $463 million improved by 11%. EBITDA margin of 34% decreased by 120- basis
points and was negatively impacted by 150- basis points from higher energy cost
pass-through. Excluding this impact, EBITDA margin was up 30- basis points.
Operating margin of 21.8% was unchanged versus prior year as unfavorable energy
pass-through of 90 basis points was offset by favorable volumes.

Sequential margins improved by more than 100- basis points,
driven by higher volumes. Versus prior-year, net income increased by 16%, and
adjusted earnings per share increased by 15%. ROCE of 12.2% improved by 10-
basis points versus last year and was down 10- basis points sequentially.

To provide you with some context, sequentially, ROCE is down
slightly while profits are up because the denominator of the ROCE calculation
has increased. The denominator is based on a 5-quarter average, and this now
includes 2 quarters that contain the significantly higher denominator as a
result of the PMD gain.

Now please turn to Slide 16. As you know, Air Products
continues to be very focused on cash flow. Our distributable cash flow was over
$500 million this quarter, while our free cash flow was $139 million. Free cash
flow was up $47 million versus last year due to higher EBITDA. Year-to-date,
distributable cash flow is $1.3 billion while our free cash flow is
approximately $200 million.

Please turn to Slide 17. Before I discuss our underlying
results, I want to spend a moment on non-GAAP items. In continuing operations,
we had non-GAAP charges that totaled $1.18 per share. In Latin America, during
the first 9 months of fiscal year 2017, volumes declined. And overall revenue
growth was below our previous forecast due to weak Latin American economic
conditions and a lack of recovery in mining-related demand. Our current outlook
is now below the previous forecast used to establish the carrying value of the
business. As a result, our goodwill review resulted in a noncash goodwill
impairment charge of $162 million or $0.70 per share.

We also completed a review of the business plan and
resulting outlook associated with Abdullah Hashim Industrial Gases or AHG, a
25% owned equity affiliate. We determined there was a decline in the value and
recognized a noncash impairment charge of $80 million or $0.36 per share that
reduces the carrying value of our investment. The decline in value results from
expectations for lower future cash flows to be generated by AHG, primarily due
to weaker economic conditions in Saudi Arabia. The team is working hard to
implement a profit improvement plan.

Let me add that while no one can predict the future, at this
time, we do not believe we will have similar impacts resulting from other
acquisitions we have made in the past. And with our focus on capital
allocation, we are highly confident that future M&A transactions will
create value for our shareholders.

Finally, cost reduction and asset actions continue through
the year as we take further actions as part of the second $300 million of
operational improvements and to offset stranded costs from our decision to
divest Materials Technologies. The charge of $43 million or $0.14 per share
includes the planned sale of a Latin American hardgoods business and closure of
an LNG heat exchanger manufacturing facility. Further details on all non-GAAP
items can be found in an appendix slide and the footnotes to our earnings
release.

Turning to Slide 18, you can see an overview of this
quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Excluding non-GAAP items,
our Q3 continuing operations EPS of $1.65 increased $0.21 per share or 15%
versus last year. Higher volumes broadly increased EPS by $0.19 per share.
Pricing and power costs taken together decreased EPS by $0.01. This was driven
in part by higher power costs in our Europe business. On a positive note, we
saw significant pricing improvement this quarter in China.

Net cost performance was unfavorable $0.02 as our
productivity actions in the TSA income were more than offset by other costs,
including maintenance and inflation. We remain committed to delivering our $100
million of cost savings this year.

As a reminder, included in the cost major factor is the
other income and expense line on our consolidated P&L. As I shared last
quarter, we are providing services via transition service agreements or TSAs to
both Versum and Evonik. The cost to provide these services are primarily in
SG&A. The payment we received for these services was about $10 million this
quarter and is shown in the other income and expense line. We expect these TSAs
to wind down in 2018 and are committed to taking actions to reduce the
resulting stranded costs.

For the quarter, currency and foreign exchange gains and
losses net to a $0.01 unfavorable. We added a new line to our income statement
last quarter called Other Non-operating Income and Expense. This is where we
are reporting the interest income from our more than $3 billion of cash and
short-term investments. The interest income was about $0.03 this quarter. Since
this is non-operating, it is not included in our EBITDA or operating income
results.

Interest expense was $0.02 lower due to our lower debt
balance, partially offset by higher rates. Our effective tax rate this quarter
was 24%, about 1% lower than last year. We still expect our FY '17 tax rate to
be approximately 23%.

Turning to Slide 19, I would like to update you on our
capital deployment capacity. We have about $3.3 billion of cash and short-term
investments as of June 30. After we pay the remaining taxes due on the PMD gain
and maintain a modest operating cash balance, we have about $2.9 billion of
cash available to invest.

Our debt balance as of June 30 is about $3.9 billion. As you
know, we are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current targeted
A/A2 rating. We expect this would enable a debt level in the range of
approximately 2.0 to 2.5x EBITDA. Based on the trailing 12-month EBITDA of $2.7
billion, this would support a debt level in the range of about $5.5 billion to
$7 billion. So in total, between available cash and additional debt capacity,
we have about $5 billion we can deploy today while maintaining our A/A2 rating.

As we have mentioned, we also expect to generate over $1
billion per year of investable cash; that is after paying taxes, interest,
maintenance CapEx and dividends. So as Seifi mentioned, over the next 3 years,
we expect to have a total of at least $8 billion available to invest.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING F. PAINTER, EVP OF INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. This was our best quarter for both safety
and volumes, since we began reporting on a regional basis in FY '15. Our teams
have worked hard to safely bring onstream large, new projects and win merchant
customers around the world. While this performance is very good, we have more
work to do on productivity.

We generated significant savings from our Taking the Lead
productivity actions, but these were impacted by a number of offsetting cost
items. The good news is that we continue to see productivity opportunities. I
would like to again thank our people around the world for staying focused on
our goals, especially safety, excellent customer service and our Taking the Lead
productivity projects.

As an example of Taking the Lead, improving compressor
efficiency is an opportunity for us. Compressors consume most of the power at
an air separation plant. We have many of them, and we have many plants. So you
can't have an engineer sitting next to every compressor. So we continue to
develop remote diagnostic tools to identify opportunities and take actions
across our global fleet of compressors. These actions drive both productivity
and enhanced reliability.

Before I discuss the regions, I'm going to address helium.
Industrial gases is primarily a local business, but helium has a global supply
chain. The recent events in Qatar disrupted that global supply chain. Clearly,
this is not over yet and the situation remains volatile, but we are confident
that we can take good care of our customers through this.

Air Products is a geographically diversified supply base.
Our wholesale commitments take a big step down at the end of this month, and we
have a new tranche of helium supply coming on in January. Beyond that, we
bought over 75% of the helium at offer at the BLM auction 2 weeks ago. So we
are confident that we can continue to provide excellent service to our
customers whatever happens in the Gulf region.

Now please turn to Slide 20 for a review of our Gases
Americas results. Volumes were up 3%, the best volume performance in over 2
years. The pass-through of higher energy prices with the Houston Ship Channel
natural gas prices up almost 70% significantly diluted our margins again this
quarter.

Sales of $930 million were up 12% versus last year with
volumes up 3% and higher energy cost pass-through up 9%. North American volumes
were up on modest merchant growth across most of our product lines and strong
hydrogen volumes as our refinery customers continue to operate at a high level.

Hydrogen volumes were also stronger sequentially, following
customer planned outages in Q2. Latin American volumes were up slightly this
quarter versus prior year, led by the liquid/bulk business. However, economic
activity remains weak. Results improved sequentially, as expected on
seasonality.

EBITDA of $367 million was up 1% as the contribution from
higher volumes and our Taking the Lead cost reduction programs were partially
offset by planned maintenance-related costs. EBITDA margin of 39.5% was down
400- basis points with higher energy cost pass-through accounting for about
330- basis points. Excluding this impact, the margin was down about 70- basis
points.

As I mentioned last quarter, we will be shedding about $70
million in annual wholesale volumes in North America beginning next month with
the end of our supply contract for liquid/bulk products to Airgas. I am
encouraged to see our sales efforts paying off and volumes building as we're working
hard to replace this volume with retail sales.

We had 2 significant project announcements since our last
earnings call. First, in June, we announced Air Products will retire our 1970s
air plant and build a new highly-efficient air separation unit in Glenmont, New
York, providing additional liquid oxygen, nitrogen and argon to the merchant
market. Ours is a long-term business, and this is an example of investing for
the future.

And just recently, we announced the award of a carbon
monoxide and hydrogen supply contract from Huntsman to supply their world-scale
MDI production facility in Geismar, Louisiana. We will be building a new
steam-methane reformer to supply Huntsman and be connecting it to our 600-mile
hydrogen pipeline system.

Now please turn to Slide 21. In our Europe, Middle East and
Africa business, the volume growth was driven primarily by our new hydrogen
plant in India. Versus last year, sales of $452 million were up 5% with volumes
up 6%, price down 1%, higher energy cost pass-through up 4% and currency down
4%. The currency impact was primarily the British pound. And other than the
continued currency impact, we don't believe the Brexit discussions have had
much impact on our business this quarter.

Our new hydrogen and ASU project for BPCL in India was fully
onstream as of the end of Q3. As a reminder, this 100% Air Products-owned
facility will be reported in EMEA segment while the rest of our India business
continues to be reported in the Asia equity affiliate income.

Excluding the impact of our new hydrogen plant, our
underlying volumes were positive on strength in tonnage and packaged gases.
These gains were partially offset by lower equipment sales and a project
closeout.

Reported price was down 1% as a mix effect, both in terms of
customer mix and product mix, offset slightly higher underlying real pricing.
So when we say "price", we mean exclusively merchant pricing. And
when we say "real price", I mean the same gas sold to the same
customer. Although underlying real price is positive, we were not able to
recover as much of the higher power costs as we had hoped to in this quarter,
and I can assure you our team continues to be very focused on pricing.

EBITDA of $155 million was down 3%, but would have been
slightly up on a constant-currency basis. Positive cost performance and higher
equity affiliate income were offset by equipment and the negative mix and cost
impacts.

EBITDA margin of 34.3% was down 310 basis points with the
higher energy pass-through accounting for about 140 basis points. Excluding
this impact, the margin was down 170 basis points, about evenly impacted by
equipment and mix cost.

Please turn to Slide 22. Gases Asia, where we showed very
strong volume and profit growth. Sales of $538 million were up 20% driven by
volume growth of the same amount. About half of the volume growth was due to
equipment sale projects, which we would not expect to reoccur in Q4. The
remaining 10% of the growth was approximately evenly split between new project
onstreams and base business growth.

Our ongoing drive for retail sales and pricing aided by the
consolidation in the steel industry is paying off. The Asia merchant gas
business continues to improve in terms of both measures: retail sales and
pricing. For example, LOX/LIN volumes were up high- single digits and the
retail business was up low- double digits. And in China, this was even more
dramatic with mid-teen retail growth that was about 2x our total LOX/LIN growth
rate. At the same time, LOX/LIN prices were up nearly 4%.

Our gains in argon were even more dramatic with total
volume, retail volume and pricing, all 3, up double digits. We need to keep in
mind that there's still significant overcapacity in China and a recovery in
this market may be bumpy, but our efforts clearly delivered.

EBITDA of $211 million was up 15%, with strong contributions
from higher volumes, including the equipment sales and on higher pricing. We
had Taking the Lead cost savings, but this was somewhat offset by a positive
cost reimbursement in Q3 last year. We expect to receive this in Q4 this year.
Equity affiliate income was down due to a one-time benefit last year. This
impacts EBITDA, but not operating income.

EBITDA margin of 39.2% was down 160- basis points on the
items just referenced. We continue to win and successfully execute projects
throughout Asia. In the electronics area, we were pleased to be awarded the
industrial gas supply for Fujian Jinhua's new memory fab in Fujian Province and
SMIC's foundry capacity expansion in Tianjin.

And we successfully brought on another very large air
separation complex to supply oxygen, nitrogen and air to Yitai Chemical's fine
chemical gold gasification project in Inner Mongolia. These plants have a
combined capacity of over 9,000 tons a day and will join our other successful
oxygen for coal gasification projects in China, including Weihe Clean Energy,
Pucheng Clean Energy, Shaanxi Future Energy and Shanxi Lu'an Mining.

Finally, please turn to Slide 23 for a brief comment on our
global gases segment, which includes our air separation unit sales equipment
business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales and profits
were up versus prior year, driven by progress on the Jazan ASU sale of
equipment project. We continue to make good progress on the Jazan project. And
just as a reminder, we began booking profits on the sale of equipment in the
fourth quarter of FY '16.

Now I'll turn the call back over to Simon for a comment on
our Corporate segment.

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to Slide 24.
Our Corporate segment includes our LNG business, our helium container business
and our Corporate costs. Sales and profits were down versus last year, as
expected, on continued significantly lower LNG project activity.

We were pleased to announce earlier this week, a new project
with TP JGC Coral France to provide our technology and heat exchanger equipment
for the Coral South floating LNG project to be located in the Indian Ocean,
offshore Mozambique. However, we had anticipated this win, so still expect
about a $0.30 headwind in LNG for FY '17 versus FY '16. We still have not yet
seen other LNG customers moving forward with their investment decisions. We did
see a positive impact from the TSAs with Evonik and Versum.

Now please turn to Slide 25, and I'll turn the call back
over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. Before we take
your questions, I would like to make a few comments about our outlook. Having
delivered on our promises from 3 years ago, we can now build on our success. We
have significant opportunities to invest our cash to grow Air Products and
create value for our shareholders.

Our safety and operating performance continues to be strong.
We continue to take action to deliver our $100 million of operational improvements
this year and are focused on additional actions to offset the stranded costs
from the separation of MT business. We remain committed and confident on our
ability to deliver on our cost savings and our commitment to grow EPS by 10%
each year.

Our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow generation of
our company provide us with almost $8 billion of capacity to invest over the
next 3 years. We are committed to staying disciplined and won't invest our
money unless we are confident the risk/return profile will create significant
value for our shareholders.

And as I said, I am now more than ever very confident that
we will have the opportunity to fully utilize our balance sheet by investing in
exciting opportunities in M&A, asset buybacks and large industrial
projects.

Now please turn to Slide #25. With confidence in our ability
to perform, we are raising our guidance for fiscal 2017. Our increased guidance
of $6.20 to $6.25 is up $0.10 from last quarter at midpoint, and it represents
10% EPS growth over 2016. And our guidance for the fourth quarter fiscal year
EPS is $1.65 to $1.75 per share, which at midpoint, is 12% up versus last year.

I want to thank once again the great team of hard working,
dedicated, talented and motivated employees that remains focused on being the
safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing
excellent service to our customers. I am very proud to be a member of this
winning team.

Now we are delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And we will take our first
question from Don Carson with Susquehanna.

EMILY KATE WAGNER, ASSOCIATE, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP,
LLLP, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Emily Wagner on for Don. I just wanted to dial
into the Jazan earnings this quarter a little bit. How much of the guidance
raise was due to the timing of Jazan? And I know the earnings stream there is a
little lumpy. Is there any way to give more clarity on the timing or outlook on
these earnings?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Emily, first of all, good morning. The
increase in our guidance is due to our confidence in the performance of our
business in terms of volumes, especially in China. As Corning mentioned, we had
a very good performance in Asia, better than we expected, and that is why we
are -- that's the principal reason we are increasing our guidance. Okay?

EMILY KATE WAGNER: Okay. Yes. And then in terms of the
consolidated volume growth of 8%, is there a way to break that down between the
equipment sales and the new project start-ups?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: It is possible, but we don't plan to do
it.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Robert Koort
from Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: Seifi, I wanted to ask -- you're quite emphatic that you're more
confident now deploying your capital. Can you give us the reason for that
increased confidence?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, obviously, if I say that, that means
that we are seeing more projects that we can work on. And as time goes by, we
see more projects that we can work on. So I'm sure you bear with me to kind of
stay general, but we have always said that we see a lot of opportunities. But
as we engage with customers and prospective customers, we are becoming more
confident that we can actually do these things.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: And Seifi, could I ask is it
conscientious on your part, in the last quarter, you sounded much more
cautious. You know the concerns about economic policy in the U.S., Brexit,
geopolitical tension. And now this quarter, it seems like the volumes have
popped nicely. The tone just sounds more upbeat. Is there something that's
changed from your perspective that gives you that greater confidence? Or is
this sort of in the macros? Or is this still all idiosyncratic to your own
business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, that's an excellent question. I have
always been very optimistic about the performance of Air Products. The other
comments that I made about the general concerns in the economy, I don't need to
make any comments about that because now you see that as the headline of the
papers. So I don't want to be stating the obvious about what is going on in the
U.S. with different policies and the geopolitical conditions. So we didn't feel
it was necessary for us to stress that, as I said, you see that in the news.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jim Sheehan
with SunTrust.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: On your price and mix performance in Europe,
it looks like you are basically doing okay in gaining the underlying price, but
you're having some issues with recovering electric power costs. And I'm just
wondering is that something that typically has a lag historically? Or how would
you expect that issue to progress going forward?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I'd like to refer that to Corning
to answer because -- Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, so I'd just like to stress that on
a real pricing basis, we see positive pricing. So the mix impact is fairly
powerful for us right now. And there's 2 things behind that. So on a product
basis, we're selling a lot of CO2 right now. A year ago, we had some production
issues. It's the summer season. There's a lot of this going. CO2 is just a
lower priced product, and it's going to bring down that number. But the fact
that I'm able to sell more is really a good thing for us. The other thing
that's playing out in the mix effect is just larger customers taking more
product. We can deliver the product to large customers more efficiently. They
command and get a better pricing. So that hits it as well. In terms of
overcoming all that and still hitting the power I'd say we're about 50% through
recovering what we were aiming for and remain confident that we're going to
plow on, on this, and we will get that back.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Great. And on -- I realize, Seifi,
it's a little bit early to talk about 2018. But given your sentiments on the
global macro environment and geopolitical issues, do you see any reason to
doubt that you could hit the 10% long-term EPS growth target in 2018?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I said several times during the
call that we promised everybody 4 years ago that we will hit 10% profit EBITDA
growth over the long-term. We are still committed to that. And if the
geopolitical conditions and the economic conditions become tougher, then we
need to take actions in order to deliver the number. The 10% is nonnegotiable.
We are very committed to that.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Jeff
Zekauskas with JPMorgan.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE
& CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: I'd like to go back to the price issue. Your
pricing on a global basis was flat, and I think some of your competitors had
prices up 1%, 2%. Is that difficult using comparability? Or does it turn out
you're not executing as well as you might in getting your prices up right now?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jeff, when we report numbers for overall
Air Products, there is significant amount of noise related to mix in terms of
which part of the world and then the pricing that we include includes our whole
company. It's not just the merchant gain. Corning mentioned about different
areas. We usually don't like to talk too much about pricing and all of that,
but we are -- I don't want to characterize it as if we are having difficulty in
increasing prices. The prices in the market very much depends on the
supply-demand situation, and we are part of that. So I don't -- I wouldn't want
to characterize it the way you said that we would have any difficulty on that.
But Corning, do you want to make any additional comments on that?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. I think also going to where Seifi
was just saying, I think the aggregation, when you do that, you lose a lot of
color of what's really happening, especially on a business that is so local. So
maybe just to peel back the onion one step further, we showed [flat] pricing in
the Americas. In truth, underlying that, we had actually positive pricing in
North America, negative pricing in Latin America and that kind of offset, just
to give you a sense of -- a little more color.

JEFFREY JOHN ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. If I may follow up, in terms
of the Jazan project as the base case, does the equipment piece conclude by
mid-2019?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Something like that.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from P.J. Juvekar
with Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So you had 2 write-downs in the quarter.
Can you explain those? The first one was in Latin America, probably in Indura
assets, and then second one was in Saudi Arabia. And I know that you're trying
to acquire more assets in the Middle East. But you mentioned current
challenging conditions in Saudi Arabia. Does that change your strategy towards
Middle Eastern acquisitions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, P.J., thank you very much for
asking the question, but there's a famous saying that the best time to buy is
when things are not going well. So actually, the conditions are actually very
favorable in buying things in the Middle East right now because of the oil
prices being down. So I kind of actually see that as a favorable sign rather
than a negative sign. That, okay?

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay, do you think this is opportunity to buy
in Middle East?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes, that is correct.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay, okay. And the second question on the
backlog. Can you discuss the outlook for hydrogen or HyCO projects? Again, we
go back to oil price and volatility there. Refining margins are weak. What are
you hearing in the HyCO projects?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that the HyCO projects
that we are focused on are -- a significant part of that is related to coal
gasification, and the outlook for that is very positive. In terms of HyCO
projects for other projects, there are not that many new projects, but as you
know, we are focused on asset buybacks, and we see opportunities there.

P.J. JUVEKAR: And lastly, can you just talk about the
chemical opportunity on the U.S. Gulf Coast?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, in the U.S. Gulf Coast, there has
been -- there was a lot of excitement about a lot of new projects. But when the
oil prices came down, although gas prices are down, a lot of those projects
were put on hold. And you know that better than anybody else that -- I mean,
you are very knowledgeable about what everybody was trying to do. So we are in
the Gulf Coast. We did participate. Obviously, you saw the project that we just
announced in Geismar. And there are other projects that we are working on, but
I'm not as optimistic there as I am in other parts of the world.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from John Roberts
with UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: On Slide
16, on maintenance capital versus growth CapEx, Praxair this quarter started
reporting something related to this. CapEx towards secured contracts versus
non-contracted CapEx. So congrats in the first place on driving this change. I
was skeptical at first. But my question is, how comparable are the 2
presentations? They indicated merchant tanks and cylinders were a large part of
their growth CapEx. But since you do larger projects and you don't have a U.S.
cylinder businesses, is the majority of your growth -- the vast majority of
growth CapEx your large projects?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Look, John, first of all, thank you for
your comment. I do appreciate that. We have always thought very strongly that
looking at the distributable cash is the right way to look at the valuation of
industrial gases, and we are very pleased to see that others are following
that. In terms of how they present their numbers and we present, I'm -- quite
honestly don't want to be making comments about what our competitors'
financials are. I don't think that would be appropriate. We are very committed
to the way we present the numbers, and our numbers are very clear, detailed
analysis and reflective of what we need to do to maintain our current EBITDA.
That is the definition of maintenance CapEx that we have. That if everything
stops, how much money do we need to invest in order to replace the assets that
we have in order to maintain our current EBITDA. And that is our definition of
maintenance CapEx.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from David
Begleiter with Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, very good volumes -- so very good volumes in
North America. You mentioned refining, but overall, is there any acceleration
in your business that you're seeing? Or just, again, refining plus others is
driving that very good volume growth in your business?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I don't want to characterize it as
a significant acceleration of the business, but I think that we have our act
together, and we are trying to provide the service that our customers need in
order to make sure that we get our fair share of -- Corning, do you have any
other comments?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Sorry, is your question mainly on North
America or globally?

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: North America. Yes, are you seeing any
acceleration in North American activities?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, I would say North America was
broad-based for us, and by definition, being broad-based, not like one
particular thing or another. I'd say just hard work and sales activity across
the board.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Very good. And Corning, also on the
maintenance costs in Q3, could you quantify the impact and what that tailwind
might be heading into Q4?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, so I think we're not going for
specific details on it. I'd say maybe just give a little bit of color for what
we experienced in this quarter. It was a little bit more around some large air
separation units that we worked on and they tend to have in some ways a broader
impact because there's product dislocation and making up the argon and that
sort of thing. But that was the nature of what we -- a certain amount of the
cost for North America this quarter.

OPERATOR: And we'll take our next question from Chris
Parkinson with Credit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CREDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: As a large shareholder yourself, how do
you believe the Air Products story will continue to evolve from here, outside
of the solid op execution? Just in terms of where we stand right here, right
now, can you just talk about the various views on project backlog growth versus
a year ago? What you're seeing in the merchant business and then the capital
deployment opportunities? Just any color on what you believe the key 2 to 3
drivers of your story are right now?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Chris, that's an excellent question, and
I -- thanks for asking the question to give me the opportunity to talk about
that. We have delivered on what we promised 3 years ago. So one, obviously, the
question from the investors is okay, what are you -- I've enjoyed the past,
what are you going to do for me in the future? The key thing is that now Air
Products has margins of about 33% to 35%, the best in the industry. We have our
act together. Therefore, we will benefit as much as anybody else on any kind of
economic activity and so on going forward. But then in addition to that, the
key thing is that we do have $8 billion to $10 billion of firing capacity, and
we do see opportunities to deploy that. Therefore, the story of Air Products
for the future is deploying that capital. And if we do that, we would generate
significant value for our shareholders. That is -- so that is what we are
promising the investors and that is 3 years from now, hopefully, we will look
back and say, yes, we said we have $10 billion to deploy, and we did deploy
that at good returns, and that $10 billion will generate $1 billion of operating
profit. That is our story going forward, and we have a lot of confidence in our
ability to deploy that and deliver that. And that's the key thing, while
maintaining a first-class operation, getting the pricing, getting the volumes
as anybody else will do, the differentiating thing for us versus other people
is the fact that we have the balance sheet to go do these things.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Okay. And just a quick follow-up.
Can you just walk us through the Asian business a little bit more, parsing out
a little more detail on the volume front, just anything you see in key
end-market trends, et cetera. And then also, is there anything on the pricing
front you'd be willing to discuss whether its regional nature, slightly
favorable bulk operating rates, et cetera?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I would like to make some comments
and turn it over to Corning. When you look at Asia, I mean, we reported 20%
increase in sales. About half of that was related to some specific equipment
sales that we had. The other half is genuine growth in our business. That --
some of that is coming up from the new plants, we are bringing onstream, but a
lot of that, as Corning mentioned before, is because we do -- Chinese economy
is growing and, most important, the utilization is going up. I think Corning
will mention, and I turn it over to him that right now, if you take Asia, the
utilization of industrial gas business on the merchant side is getting close to
80%. That is a very good sign, and that is usually an indication that the prices
will strengthen. Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Thank you, Seifi. Yes, so for sure right
now, China is the strongest economy for us in Asia. That's where I think you
see most of the positive momentum in terms of strong volume growth, pricing and
so forth. Within China, as Seifi mentioned, we've broken the line to north of
80%, just north of 80% on our loading. I'd like to point out that is our
loading. That is not industry loading, and I would put industry loading, my
estimate, more in, let's say, the 60% sort of range. I would say a key thing
about understanding our loading. Not only is it now hitting the 80%. It is 80%
with much higher retail sales than we had before. Year-on-year, up like 5%, 500
basis points in terms of the proportion of the business that's retail. That
helps us with pricing. That helps us with just the quality of the underlying
basis. I think the other thing just to keep in mind in China, we know a sort of
tailwind we have for us right now is the government getting serious about reform
in the steel industry, and that has the potential to take captive capacity off
the market. And to be honest with you that's a positive for us as well right
now.

OPERATOR: We'll take a next question from Stephen Byrne from
Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH, BOFA MERRILL
LYNCH, RESEARCH DIVISION: Wanted to ask you about your sale of equipment
business. Is that as a fraction of your project backlog likely to remain
relatively stable? Or could you see it going up as you pursue projects in
regions that are more geopolitically challenged? Or could it possibly go down
over time if you're -- if there's a little less aggressive offering of this --
of these services by your competitor in Germany? How do you see the outlook for
that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Yes. Steve, our sale of equipment is not
included in our backlog. We do not put that in our backlog. Our backlog is only
sale of gas that would generate revenues for the longer term. Sale of equipment
is a one-time thing. We don't consider that backlog. So those things are not
included in our backlog.

STEVE BYRNE: Okay. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to imply the
roster of projects. I meant as a business opportunity to pursue an opportunity
where you sell the equipment versus build-to-own, that option that you have, is
that driven primarily by customer demand, your preference or customer
preference?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Our preference, for sure, 100% is sale of
gas. We are not an equipment company to make money on sale of equipment. But
considering the capabilities that we have, in order to maintain a relationship
with the customer, if they insist on a sale of equipment, we do, once in a
while, do that. But our focus and our preference has always been sale of gas
because that is our business.

STEVE BYRNE: And if there was less bidding activity on sale
of equipment down the road, would that -- would you view that as constructive,
maybe a greater opportunity for build-to-own?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: That is correct. That would be the case,
yes.

STEVE BYRNE: And then just lastly on the Glenmont, New York
facility, is that region in your merchant business tightening up that would
justify building a bigger liquid plant in that region? And why pursue that as a
JV with Linde instead of go it alone?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, there was a tightening of the
market, and there is additional capacity required. And what it made sense was
that rather than us building another 300- or 400-ton a day plant to meet the
requirements, it made sense to build a 1,200-ton a day plant which is a lot
more efficient, and at the end of the day, it's good for the customers because
our cost-base for both companies is lower and, therefore, the customers
benefit. So that is actually a good thing for our customers, and it also
creates opportunity to produce the gas at the lower cost.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our next
question from Kevin McCarthy with Vertical Research Partners.

MATTHEW P. DEYOE, ANALYST, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS, LLC:
This is Matt DeYoe on for Kevin. I don't want to kind of beat the equipment
sales dead horse here, but kind of just trying to track down a little bit.
Would it be fair to say the equipment sales in Asia were about $45 million
year-over-year? And kind of what is the EBIT margin look like on that business?
I'm guessing it'd be higher than the segment average. And then maybe touched on
this a little bit, but what should we expect in 4Q 2018 as far as new equipment
sale order book?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: As I told you, we are not focused on
equipment sales. We don't consider that to be a significant part of our
business, and I don't think you should expect too much on that. That is not
what drives our business. That's not what we are focused. We are not like some
other industrial gases business where half of their business is equipment sale.
That is not -- that has never been our focus, and it will not be. We are --
that's not a big deal for us.

MATTHEW P. DEYOE: I get that. I'm just trying to kind of
effectively strip that out of the numbers to maybe to get a better sense of
what ongoing profitability would look like in the Asia segment, just trying to
make apples-to-apples basically.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: But we do -- but we have tried to make
sure that we do give you that visibility because the report Gases Americas or
Gases Europe or Gases Asia doesn't have equipment sales in it because that is
-- it's all in Global Gases.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Sorry, maybe just one clarification of
that. We have, in this case, some gas handling equipment that is the Asia
segment. I don't think we're going to go into the exact quantification because
it's a small group of customers and so forth. I will say, it was a positive
impact on our margins. But the nature of this was not something that we're
going to repeat every day. As Seifi says, I wouldn't be expecting that going
forward.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: But there is a difference that we need to
kind of make sure that the investors understand. One thing is sale of equipment
in terms of selling an air separation unit. The other thing is that when we
deal with, specifically, with our electronic customers. The electronic customer
sometimes requires equipment, which is related to the delivery of gas and
purifying of the gas. That we do, do for our customers. We do that for our
electronic customers. And that specific area did contribute some to our Asian
results. But your question about equipment sales on the major air separation
units, and I said we're not focused on that. But for some of our electronic
customers, as a matter of necessity, when we built them a nitrogen generator -
high-purity nitrogen generator, there are equipment related to the delivery of
that to the customer, we do provide those equipment, and those are considered
-- those are in the category of equipment sale, but they are not air separation
units.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Vincent Andrews
from Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I just wanted to ask on the LNG weakness. You said $0.30 for '17 and
despite the -- I guess the new plants that was in-line. Should we be done with
his headwind moving into '18? Or do you think there's still a little bit of a
drag from it?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, obviously, in that business, such a
lumpy business, it's difficult to predict. But right now, to be -- if you
wanted to be pessimistic, there might be another $0.04 or $0.05 hit to us in
2018 because of LNG.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Okay, and was there any way we can
get you to break out the organic volume versus the new projects and everything
else?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: For?

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Well, regionally or globally,
however, you're willing to do it.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, organic volumes, most of the volume
we reported was organic, except in Asia, where we said that half of the 20% was
equipment. Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, I think we said...

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS: Yes, I guess I'm trying to break
out just sort of base business versus new project start-ups versus equipment
sales, just the base business.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Understood, understood. So I think the
main energy is around Asia. That's where we had the biggest impact on it. And
if you're looking at that 20%, we had -- about half of that was the equipment,
the other half was on our gas side. And I'd say roughly 50-50 on that in terms
of volume between new projects and just organic merchant growth.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I mentioned that in my opening remarks
and the other questions that, that Corning said about 10% is the equipment that
we do for electronic customers. The other 10%, half of it is new projects
start-ups and half of it is organic growth. So we had 5% organic growth.

OPERATOR: We'll take our next question from Laurence
Alexander from Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 quick ones. First, do you expect over
the next 2, 3 years, to get back to the pattern of EBITDA growth in each region
outpacing organic growth? And I think you've been pretty clear about the
dynamics that have caused this quarter to have its characteristics. I just want
to see if you expect those trends to reverse. And secondly, just eyeballing the
backlog, is it fair to put roughly $1 billion to $1.2 billion worth of gases
start-ups in terms of capital that's going to be ramping up in 2018 and a
tailwind into 2019? Is that roughly a good bogey?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: First of all, with respect to the growth
thing, I think we have always said that when you're looking at different
regions of the world in mature economies, our EBITDA will grow with economic
development. And our volumes will grow with GDP. In emerging markets, it is --
if industrial production is 2%, usually gases grow more than that, about 1.2x,
1.3x that. So I expect our EBITDA in the growth markets like China and India
would be better than that. With respect to the other question that you have, do
you want to -- Simon, do you want to make some comments on that?

SIMON R. MOORE: Sure. I think, Laurence, was asking about
the amount of the backlog we expect to come on in 2018. I think Laurence, as
usual, it's hard to know exactly when these projects are going to come
onstream. So I think we'll give you more clarity on '18 when we get to October.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Then we do our forecast for the year.

Okay, at this time, then, I would like to, since there are
no other questions, I would like to thank everybody for being on the call.
Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to listen to our
presentation. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to discussing
our results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day. And those of you
who are in the northern hemisphere, have a great summer. Take care. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 080117a10709460.760










 EXECUTIVES (92%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%); ALLIANCES &
PARTNERSHIPS (71%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (70%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (92%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (83%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%); C (NYSE) (83%); C
(BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE)
(83%); DBK (FRA) (83%); DBK (BIT) (83%); DBETN (JSE) (83%); DB (NYSE) (83%);
STI (NYSE) (71%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%);
CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (76%); BANKING & FINANCE (76%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (79%)










 August 15, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
27, 2017 Thursday




Copyright
2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 9444 words

Corporate Participants

* Corning F. Painter

 and 

. -
EVP of Industrial Gases

* M. Scott Crocco

 and 

. - CFO
and EVP

* Seifollah Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, CEO and President

* Simon R. Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR and Corporate Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Christopher S. Parkinson

Credit Suisse AG, Research Division - Director of Equity
Research

* David L. Begleiter

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Emily Wagner

Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division -
Associate

* James Michael Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division -
Research Analyst

* Jeffrey J. Zekauskas

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - Senior Analyst

* John Ezekiel E. Roberts

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Executive Director
and Equity Research Analyst, Chemicals

* Kevin William McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Partner

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC, Research Division - VP and Equity Research
Analyst

* Michael Joseph Harrison

Seaport Global Securities LLC, Research Division - MD and
Senior Chemicals Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Global Head of Chemicals
and Agriculture and MD

* Robert Andrew Koort

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - MD

* Vincent Stephen Andrews

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - MD

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, and welcome to Air Products and
Chemicals Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

SIMON R. MOORE, VP OF IR AND CORPORATE RELATIONS, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Camille. Good morning, everyone.
Welcome to Air Products' Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Results Teleconference.
This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations. I am pleased to be
joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter,
Air Products' Executive Vice President responsible for Industrial Gases.

After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.
Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on our website
at airproducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement disclosure on
Page 2 of the slides and in today's earnings release.

Just for your information, in May, we plan to file an 8-K
with the SEC that will provide revised historical annual financial statements,
excluding the impacts of the now separated Versum and PMD businesses. You'll
recall we moved these businesses to discontinued operations starting last
quarter. The updated annual statements will reflect our FY 2016 non-GAAP
continuing operations EPS of $5.64 per share. We do not expect this filing to
provide any new material information for investors.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, CEO AND PRESIDENT, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning, everyone. Thank you
for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today. We do
appreciate your interest in Air Products.

I am very pleased to report that our team at Air Products
delivered very strong performance this quarter. This is the result of the hard
work and commitment of our people and their continued focus on executing our
strategic Five-Point Plan.

For our second quarter, we delivered earning per share of
$1.43, up $0.06 over last year and $0.03 above the top of our guidance range
for the quarter. Please note that this is the 12th consecutive quarter that we
are reporting year-on-year EPS growth.

Now please turn to Slide #3 related to our very strong
safety performance. Talking about safety, I think it is appropriate at this
point to take a moment to remember Mr. Ed Donley, who passed away earlier this
month. Ed was Chairman of Air Products from 1978 to 1986 and CEO from 1973 to
1986. He led Air Products through some challenging times and positioned the
company in several areas for the success we continue to have today.

But for Ed, safety was the foundation. He emphasized that it
required everyone's total commitment. I am very pleased to say that his idea
carries on. Today at Air Products, nothing is more important than the safety of
our people, and our safety results demonstrate this commitment, and I'm very
pleased with the progress that the company has made in the last 3 years.

Please turn to Slide #4, which is the reconfirmation of our
overall goal for the company.

We are determined to be the safest and most profitable
industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our
customers.

Now please turn to Slide #5, our overall management
philosophy. We believe strongly that cash generation is what drives long-term
value. We believe that what counts in the long term is the increase in per
share value of our stock, not the size of our company or growth rate. As you
know, Air Products has a significant amount of cash, and the effective
deployment of that cash is one of my most important responsibilities as the CEO
of the company, something that I take very seriously.

I do want to take a moment and expand on the opportunities
and the discipline required for the effective deployment of our cash. First,
let's talk about how much capacity we do have to invest. Scott will go through
the details later, but today, we have about $2.5 billion of cash to invest. And
in addition, we have the capacity to borrow an additional amount in the range
of $2.5 billion while maintaining our targeted A and A2 rating. So that gives
us about $5 billion that we can invest today.

In addition, we expect to generate over $1 billion a year in
investable cash, that is after we pay taxes, interest, maintenance CapEx and
dividends. So over the next 3 years, we expect to have at least an additional
$3 billion, and therefore, a total of $8 billion to invest.

We do remain confident, and I'd like to stress the word
confident, that we can deploy the $8 billion into high-return, value-creating
investments in our core industrial gases business.

Our 3 key areas of focus for the investments are: First,
acquisition of small- and medium-sized industrial gas companies. As you know,
in January, we indicated our interest in acquiring Yingde Gases, a Hong
Kong-listed company and a major industrial gas company in China. In March, we
decided that we were no longer interested in purchasing the company at this
time. This is a great example of the discipline required to effectively deploy
the capital. We do our homework, and then based on that homework, we decide
what is the right thing to do. We are not just enamored with spending money to
become bigger. We are about carefully evaluating the risk of investment --
investing and making sure we have good returns for our shareholders.

The second area of opportunity is to purchase existing
industrial gas facilities from customers and create long-term contracts where
we own and operate the plant and sell industrial gases to the customers based
on a fixed fee. We see opportunities for oxygen and hydrogen plants around the
world in this category.

We also see the opportunity to expand our scope of supply to
include the operation of existing gasification units and sale of syngas to
customers under long-term agreements. Essentially, these opportunities are the
same as the traditional on-site business model, something that we do every day,
so we are not reinventing the wheel, but with existing rather than new
production assets.

And the third area of opportunity for us to invest is the
very, very large industrial gas projects around the world driven by demand for
more energy, cleaner energy and emerging market growth. The Jazan project in
Saudi Arabia is a great example of how big these projects can be. The plant
that we are building in Jazan is the largest project in the history of
industrial gas industry, with close to $2 billion of capital investment. Some
of these new large projects could also include gasification and syngas.

So we remain optimistic we can create significant
shareholder value by investing in our core Industrial Gases business. But as I
have always said, if for some reason, we cannot find enough good projects, we
will stay disciplined and return the cash to our shareholders. We will still
have the cash, and after all, it is your money.

And I know everyone is very interested for us to give them a
timeline for how fast we can deploy the cash, but as I said, we are not in a
hurry and we will take our time to make sure that we are investing in
value-creating projects.

Now please turn to Slide #6 where you can see our Five-Point
Plan that continues to provide the framework for our success. We have already
completed 4 of these steps, and we continue to work on changing the culture of
Air Products by focusing on safety, simplicity, speed and self-confidence.

Now kindly turn to Page #7 where you can see the results for
our 3 key metrics. We remain committed to our goal, to be the most -- to become
the most profitable industrial gas company in the world as measured by each of
these 3 key metrics. We remain focused on driving further improvement as we
move forward.

Now please turn to my favorite slide which is Slide #8. I
think it is appropriate to comment on the decline that you see on the reported
EBITDA margins this quarter. First, we had a negative mix effect in our sales
of equipment business. We are recognizing substantially higher sale of
equipment to the Jazan joint venture in the big project we are building in
Saudi Arabia, which is at lower margins than 35%. In addition, we are seeing,
as mentioned last quarter, significantly lower sales of LNG equipment, which
carry a higher margin than 35%.

Second, due to the higher price of natural gas, we report
higher sales with no profit since the costs are passed through to our
customers. If we adjust for the effect of these factors, our underlying margins
are down less than 50 basis points and still above 35%. And even if you look at
the 32.9%, I'm happy to say that we are still the most profitable industrial
gas company in the world with a higher EBITDA margin than anybody else, even at
32.9%.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon
to make some closing remarks. And then, as always, we will be delighted to
answer your questions. Scott?

M. SCOTT CROCCO, CFO AND EVP, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS,
INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. Now please turn to Slide 9 for more detailed
review of our Q2 results.

Sales of almost $2 billion increased 11% versus last year on
7% higher volumes and 5% higher energy pass-through, slightly offset by a 1%
unfavorable currency impact. Volumes were higher across Asia, North America and
Europe. Latin America continues to be challenged by a weak economy. Taken
together, the industrial gas regions increased overall volumes by 2%.

In our sale of equipment businesses, continued progress on
our Jazan project more than offset the expected weakness in LNG. Jazan and LNG,
taken together, increased volumes by 5%. Corning and Simon will provide
additional comments later.

Pricing remains largely unchanged across our businesses.
EBITDA of $652 million improved by 2%, and operating income of $406 million
improved by 4%. EBITDA margin of 32.9% and operating margin of 20.5% decreased
by 300 basis points and 150 basis points, respectively. The EBITDA margin was
negatively impacted by 140 basis points from higher energy pass-through costs
in the Americas and EMEA and by 120 basis points due to the different business
mix in our sale of equipment businesses.

As Seifi said, our ASU sales are up significantly with the
Jazan project and our LNG sales are down significantly. LNG margins are
typically higher than ASU sale of equipment margins, so this different business
mix reduces margins. Excluding these 2 impacts, the underlying EBITDA margin
was down 40 basis points, impacted in part by the ramp-up of 0-margin utility
cost pass-through in Asia and higher power and fuel costs in our liquid/bulk
business. In addition, our productivity efforts this quarter were offset by
higher maintenance costs.

Sequential operating margin is down 120 basis points. Thirty
basis points of the decline is due to higher energy cost pass-through, while
the rest is from costs, including higher maintenance expenses. Versus prior
year, net income increased by 5% and adjusted earnings per share increased by
4%. ROCE of 12.3% improved by 70 basis points versus last year.

Now please turn to Slide 10. You know that Air Products
continues to be very focused on cash flow. Our distributable cash flow was over
$300 million this quarter, while our free cash flow was negative $46 million.
Free cash flow was down $156 million versus last year despite higher EBITDA,
mainly due to higher cash taxes and higher maintenance capital spending due to
plant replacement projects. As I have said in the past, these items move around
quarter-to-quarter. And to be clear, this does not include any of the $3.8
billion we received this quarter from the sale of our PMD business.

Now turning to Slide 11, you can see an overview of this
quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I discuss our
continuing operations results, I want to mention that in discontinued
operations, we recorded a large $1.8 billion after-tax gain associated with the
PMD divestiture that was finalized in early January.

In continuing operations, we had non-GAAP items that totaled
$0.04 per share or about $14 million pretax for both cost actions and pension
settlement costs. We expect these to continue through the year as we take
further actions as part of the second $300 million of operational improvements
and to offset stranded costs from our decision to divest Materials
Technologies. Further details on all non-GAAP items can be found in the
Appendix slide and the footnotes to our earnings release.

Excluding these items, our Q2 continuing operations EPS of
$1.43 increased $0.06 per share or 4% versus last year. Higher volumes
increased EPS by $0.08 per share. Pricing, energy and raw material taken
together decreased EPS by $0.03. This was driven in part by higher power costs
in our Europe business, and we will be working hard to recover these costs.

Net cost performance was unchanged as our productivity
actions and the TSA income were roughly offset by higher maintenance costs,
inflation and costs associated with pursuing Yingde. As a reminder, included in
the cost major factor is the other income and expense line on the consolidated
P&L.

As I shared last quarter, we are providing services via
transition service agreements, or TSAs, to both Versum and Evonik. The cost to
provide these services are primarily in SG&A. The payment we received for
these services was about $10 million this quarter and is shown in the other
income and expense line. We would expect these TSAs to wind down in 2018 and
are committed to taking actions to reduce the resulting stranded costs.

For the quarter, currency and foreign exchange gains and
losses netted to a 0 impact. Equity affiliate income increased by $0.01 per
share. Interest expense was $0.02 higher, primarily due to lower capitalized
interest as the benefit from our lower debt balance was offset by higher rates.

We have added a new line to our income statement this
quarter called other nonoperating income and expense. This is where we are
reporting the interest income from our cash and short-term investments.
Historically, interest income was a very modest amount, so we included it in
our other income and expense line, and therefore, it was in our operating
income. Since we now have more than $3 billion in cash and short-term
investments and are generating more interest income, we have begun reporting
interest income as nonoperating income. Interest income contributed $0.03 this
quarter, and since it is nonoperating, it is not included in our EBITDA or
operating income results.

Our effective tax rate this quarter was 23.7%, basically
unchanged from last year. We still expect our FY '17 tax rate to be
approximately 23%.

Turning to Slide 12. I would also like to expand on Seifi's
comments regarding our capital deployment capacity. We have about $3.3 billion
of cash and short-term investments as of March 31. After we pay the rest of the
taxes due on the PMD gain and maintain a modest operating cash balance, we have
about $2.5 billion of cash available to invest.

Our debt balance as of March 31 is about $3.8 billion. As
you know, we are committed to managing our debt balance to maintain our current
targeted A/A2 rating. We expect this would enable a debt level in the range of
approximately 2.0x to 2.5x EBITDA. Based on a trailing 12-months EBITDA of $2.7
billion, this would support a debt level of about $6 billion. So in total,
between available cash and additional debt capacity, we have about $5 billion
we can deploy today while maintaining our A/A2 rating.

As Seifi mentioned, we also expect to generate over $1
billion per year of investable cash, that is after paying taxes, interest,
maintenance CapEx and dividend. So over the next 3 years, we see a total of
over $8 billion available to invest.

Now to begin a review of our business segment results, I'll
turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING F. PAINTER, EVP OF INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. In recent quarters, we've driven our
results more by productivity than by growth. In this quarter, I'm pleased to
report that our commercial efforts have paid off in positive growth pretty much
across the board. At the same time, I am disappointed that our underlying
productivity did not fully translate to the bottom line. There are reasons for
this, including higher planned maintenance this quarter and we have a lot of
cost progress behind us. But we continue to be excited by the opportunity ahead
of us. There is more to come in productivity.

I would like to thank our people around the world for
staying focused on our goals, notably safety, excellent customer service and
our Taking the Lead productivity projects. Some examples of what we're doing
right now include piloting new third-party routing software in China,
introducing a new e-commerce platform for mobility and replicating our European
e-tactical planning system in North America. These actions will improve
customer experience, sales and efficiency.

Now please turn to Slide 13 for a review of our Gases
Americas results. Underlying sales were up 2% from pass-through of higher
energy prices, with Houston Ship Channel natural gas prices up over 50%,
significantly diluted our margins. Specifically, sales of $890 million were up
12% versus last year, with volume and price both up 1% and higher energy cost
pass-through up 9%. North American volumes increased Americas volumes by 1% as
we saw positive volumes across almost all product lines. Latin American volumes
were down 3% versus last year, but the contribution to overall Americas volumes
rounded to 0.

Although not as drastic as in previous quarters, weak Latin
American packaged gases demand continued. In contrast, liquid/bulk continues to
rebound on new signings and improved demand. There are no substantial new
onstreams for us in Latin America in our P&L so the movements here are
purely merchant.

EBITDA of $354 million was up 4%, and operating income of
$225 million was flat versus last year. EBITDA was up more than operating
income, in part, due to stronger equity affiliate income this year due to
higher maintenance costs at one of our joint ventures last year. Equity
affiliate income impacts EBITDA but not operating income.

EBITDA and operating margins were each down about 300 basis
points, with higher energy cost pass-through accounting for all the EBITDA
margin movement and 190 basis points of the operating margin movement. So the
underlying EBITDA margin was flat and the underlying operating margin was down
90 basis points. This was primarily driven by higher maintenance costs due to
customer planned maintenance outages more than offsetting our Take the Lead
cost reduction programs. We do expect to see additional outages impacting costs
during Q3.

It was good to see the 1% price impact on sales, but from a
margin perspective, this put us just slightly ahead of diesel and power cost
increases.

Finally, we anticipate a reduction of about $70 million in
North American sales in FY '18 with the end of our supply contract for
liquid/bulk products to Airgas. As you would expect, we are working hard to
replace this volume.

We are pleased to be awarded an expansion of our hydrogen
supply to Marathon Petroleum in Garyville, Louisiana. We expect the new [30]
million (corrected by company after the call) standard cubic foot a day
expansion of our existing relationship to commence later this year. The
additional hydrogen will be provided from our Gulf Coast pipeline system, the
world's largest hydrogen plant and pipeline network spanning more than 600
miles from the Houston Ship Channel to New Orleans with 22 hydrogen production
facilities.

Now please turn to Slide 14 for our Europe, Middle East and
Africa business. Volume strengthened and profits were up on constant -- on a
constant currency basis. Versus last year, sales of $414 million were down 2%,
with currency more than offsetting higher underlying volumes and higher energy
cost pass-through.

Our volumes were up 1% as stronger packaged gases and retail
liquid/bulk sales more than overcame lost hydrogen sales during a major planned
outage. We are also very pleased to bring onstream the first phase of our new
hydrogen and ASU project for BPCL in India. This first phase came onstream late
in the quarter, and additional phases are expected to come onstream in the
third quarter. This 100% Air Products-owned facility will be reported in EMEA
segment while the rest of our India business continues to be reported in Asia
equity affiliate income.

Reported pricing was flat but was positive, excluding a
negative customer mix as we began recovering the higher power costs from the
first half of the year in our merchant business. Higher energy cost pass-through
contributed 3% and currency had a negative 6% impact, primarily due to the
British pound. Other than the continued currency impact, we don't believe the
Brexit vote had much impact on our business this quarter. Volumes were up 2%
sequentially, primarily on stronger merchant sales.

Operating income of $87 million was down 4% and EBITDA of
$136 million was down 6%, but both would have been up on a constant currency
basis as our productivity actions and volume growth offset the impact from
higher power costs and planned maintenance outages.

EBITDA margin of 32.9% was down 160 basis points, with
almost 2/3 of the decrease due to higher energy pass-through, with the balance
due to planned maintenance outages and higher power costs. Operating margin of
20.9% was down 40 basis points and would have been up slightly, excluding the
impact of higher energy cost pass-through.

Please turn to Slide 15, Gases Asia, where you can see that
the strength in our merchant business and the ramp-up of our new plants
continue to deliver growth.

Sales of $436 million were up 7%, driven 8% by volume
growth. The volume growth was roughly 50-50 split between underlying sales
growth and utility pass-through volume as our onsite customers ramp up their
gasifiers. Our merchant business was up mid- to high single digits across Asia,
and our China LOX/LIN business was up high single digits, with particular
strength in the retail portion of the business. Sequential volumes were down
slightly on Lunar New Year seasonality.

Overall China pricing was flat as helium price headwinds
were offset by positive pricing for other products. China LOX/LIN pricing was
again slightly positive versus prior year. Operating income of $112 million was
up 7% and EBITDA of $174 million was up 2%. Equity affiliate income was down
due to a onetime benefit last year associated with exiting a small joint
venture. This impacts EBITDA but not operating income.

Operating margin of 25.7% was flat versus last year as the
increased utility pass-through volume, which is, by definition, at 0 margin,
diluted the increased operating income. Similarly, the EBITDA margin of 40% was
down 200 basis points versus last year due to the utility pass-through volume
dilution impact and the lower equity affiliate income.

We continue to successfully execute projects throughout
Asia. In China, we recently brought onstream 2 plants. The first, in Guangdong
supports a leading supplier to the high-tech display industry. The second
supplies Chongqing HKC Optoelectronics, who are building China's leading LCD
fab -- panel fab in Western China. Both of these are examples of how we are
positioned to win in China's push for high-end manufacturing per the 13th
Five-Year Plan and the Made in China 2025 strategy.

In Korea, we were pleased to bring onstream the first phase
of our facilities which supply a new semiconductor fab in Pyeongtaek. This past
January, we announced the second phase to support increased demand of the same
customer.

Our business in India continues to show strong results. To
support the strong demand growth, we have announced last week that our INOX Air
Products equity joint venture will build 6 new plants to serve the onsite and
merchant business. These investments will further strengthen our leadership
position in India's merchant industrial gases market.

Finally, please turn to Slide 16 for a brief comment on our
global gases segment, which includes most of our air separation unit sales
equipment business as well as central industrial gas business costs. Sales and
profits were up versus prior year, driven by progress on the Jazan ASU sale of
equipment project this quarter, which more than offset weakness in small
equipment and other ASU sales.

Now I'll turn the call back over to Simon for a comment on
our corporate segment.

SIMON R. MOORE: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to Slide 17.
Our corporate segment includes our LNG business, our helium container business
and our corporate costs. Sales and profits were down versus last year on
continued significantly lower LNG project activity. As we have said, the lack
of customer decisions on new LNG projects is having a significant impact on our
business, and we continue to expect at least a $0.30 headwind in LNG for FY '17
versus FY '16. We did see a positive impact from the TSAs with Evonik and
Versum.

Now please turn to Slide 18, and I'll turn the call back
over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. Before we take
your questions, I would like to make a few comments about our outlook.

As we move forward, I want to remind our shareholders that
Air Products is in a very strong position. Our safety and operating performance
continue to be strong. We have taken action to deliver our $100 million of
operational improvements this year and are focused on additional action to
offset the stranded costs from the separation of Materials Technologies
business. We remain committed and confident in our ability to deliver on our
cost savings and our EPS commitments.

Our portfolio actions and the strong cash flow generation of
our company provides us with almost $5 billion of capacity to invest now and
over $1 billion per year in addition for the future. So over the next 3 years,
we expect to have at least $8 billion to deploy and we certainly intend to
deploy that. We are committed to staying disciplined and won't invest our money
unless we are confident the risk return profile will create significant value
for our shareholders. And we see exciting opportunities to invest in M&A,
asset buybacks and large industrial gas projects.

However, we do continue to be cautious about the future.
That was the investment we made in January and we have seen no significant
reason to change our view. We continue to be concerned about the lack of
concrete economic policy in the United States, the effect of Brexit on the U.K.
and European economies and overall geopolitical tensions in the Far and Middle
East.

I would like to stress that the fact that we are cautious is
not in any way, shape or form related to specific issues at Air Products. Air
Products is doing well and you see that in the numbers, and we continue to
believe that Air Products by itself will continue to do well. But we cannot
ignore the overall economic and geopolitical situation around the world, and
that is the reason for our cautious approach.

With this backdrop, we are maintaining our guidance for full
year 2017 at EPS of $6 to $6.25 per share, which at midpoint is a substantial
increase of 9% over the previous year. And our guidance for the third quarter
fiscal year 2017 EPS is $1.55 to $1.60 per share, which is also up 9% versus
last year at midpoint.

At this point, again, I want to thank all of the employees
of Air Products for their continued hard work and commitment in delivering
another strong quarter of results in safety and financial performance. I am
very proud to be a member of this winning team.

Now I'm -- we will be delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) We do have our first
question from P.J. Juvekar with Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, GLOBAL HEAD OF CHEMICALS AND AGRICULTURE AND
MD, CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: A couple of questions on M&A. First,
on your Yingde acquisition, was that an opportunistic move on your part, or was
it more strategic? And if it was strategic, can you drill down more into that?
Why China? Why now? And the second question is on any potential to get into
packaged gases, which is more a fragmented area, so maybe it's easier to get
in? And would you consider that in Latin America where you already have Indura
assets?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Thank you very much, P.J. Our decision to
pursue Yingde is definitely strategic. When you look at the projections of the
GDP at purchase price parity, by 2030, it is projected that China will have a
GDP of about $33 billion; by far, the largest economy in the world. That is
where the growth is. Right now, the growth is in China and in India by any kind
of a measure. Therefore, it was strategic and we will continue to be focused on
China. There are a lot of other opportunities other than Yingde and we are
pursuing those. And I hope in not-too-distant a future, we have some more news
on that. With respect to packaged gases, we are in the packaged gases business
everywhere except the United States. So the places that we are in packaged
gases like in Latin America, like in Europe, like in China, we definitely are
interested in expanding our packaged gases business. We continue to look at
acquisitions in that area. The only area that we are not and we don't intend to
be in packaged gases business is in the United States because we believe that
just the competition makes it very difficult to make money.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from John Roberts with
UBS.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND EQUITY
RESEARCH ANALYST, CHEMICALS, UBS INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I was at
the annual IHS conference recently, and it sounded like China had worked out
some of the early problems with their coal to MEG processes and we're going
forward with a number of projects. I assume those are going to be new oxygen
for gasification for the glycol units out there. Are you seeing activity there
pick up at all?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: First of all, good morning, John. Yes, we
are. This is why in the past, call it, say, 2 years, we have been saying that
we don't see any slowdown in coal gasification in China. We actually see
opportunities. We do see opportunities. We are very well-positioned there. We
already have 3 gigantic coal gasification plants operational that we are supplying
oxygen successfully to our customers. Those plants are running well. We are
getting paid. And we will be pursuing those from a good coal position.

JOHN EZEKIEL E. ROBERTS: And could you talk about the
complexities of trying to decaptivate more hydrogen from the refining industry?
I think that was, early on, one of the key opportunities that you envision, but
it seems like it's taking a fair amount of time.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Those opportunities are still there. It
is going to take a fair amount of time because this is not a quick process. We
have to demonstrate to people that we can create value. But we have a lot of
projects underway and we are talking to customers. And hopefully in time, we
will have appropriate news for you.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Robert Koort with
Goldman Sachs.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT, MD, GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC., RESEARCH
DIVISION: I'm trying to reconcile maybe some competitor commentary and maybe
broader industrial end market commentary in the U.S. with the still fairly
anemic volume growth. Is there something particular to your asset base or
chassis relative to where the growth is coming from in North America? Or do you
think there really isn't much industrial growth in North America at the moment?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, I'd like Corning to comment more on
this, but first of all, there isn't anything unique about our portfolio that
would prevent us from participating in economic growth if there is some. But
the economic growth in the U.S. is not that much. It is -- when you look at
industrial production and all of that, so it is not that positive. But we have
seen growth in the -- actually, when you look at our gases volumes in the U.S.,
I'm sure Corning will comment on this, but this is the first time in about 6
quarters that we are actually seeing growth. So there is some, but we don't
have any competitive disadvantage there. Corning, would you like to expand on
this?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So thank you, Rob, for the
opportunity. So we feel good about our volume growth that we had. You see the
headline looking at overall Americas. Obviously, that's impacted heavily on
LOX/LIN and there's also some HyCO sales in that, and that's impacted when we
have outages. But if we were going to look at some of the core products, liquid
hydrogen, helium, argon, our growth rates are substantially higher in those
areas, and I think that's particularly important to us.

ROBERT ANDREW KOORT: That's helpful. And for my follow-up,
Seifi, we're not used to referencing raw material problems in gases margins. Is
this specifically to some shorter-duration business? Or do you have some
contracts that don't have escalators in for energy pass-throughs?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Bob, we call it raw materials but it is
all power. I mean, obviously, air is free, but power -- the power cost, that is
what is driving that line. And we mentioned this in last quarter, that
significant number of the nuclear power plants in France were down, that pushed
up the power prices. That has subsided, so in the future quarters, you wouldn't
see that. But that is what is driving that number.

SIMON R. MOORE: And if I could, that's obviously in our
merchant business, right? We continue to have very robust pass-through of
energy costs in our tonnage and onsite business.

OPERATOR: And our next question comes from Chris Parkinson
with Credit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON, DIRECTOR OF EQUITY RESEARCH,
CREDIT SUISSE AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just walk us through the puts and
takes on some of the other various drivers in your Merchant businesses across
both developed and emerging markets? I know you mentioned France on the former,
but also if you could hit on China and on the latter. And then also maybe just
what you're seeing in terms of operating rates in the Chinese market as well,
especially your longer-term assumptions?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure, Chris. Corning, I think, will
address that.

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. So let's start with the operating
rates. So operating rates for us are in the 70s around the world. Actually, our
highest rates are in Asia, where they're in the upper 70s, and that would
include China. The Merchant business, by its virtue, is one that sees a wide
range of customers so that's what I would say is the driver for us. No specific
one industry but a wide range of opportunities. And in general, throughout the
world, but particularly in China, we've driven a lot of strength in moving from
retail to wholesale, so that's at a ratio really where it should be -- I'm
sorry, from wholesale to retail, and that's now at a ratio that's sort of at a
global world-class for us. So all in all, I'd say the Merchant business is
positive for us. Even in South America, the liquid/bulk business for us has
been a positive last quarter and this quarter.

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: And actually, if I may just on
Brazil, a few different companies this morning have actually highlighted a
continued sluggishness, I'd say, actually at best outside a few select consumer
and health care-driven markets. Can you just walk us through a few key end
markets there and just comment on what you're seeing on a sequential basis? And
then even what you're hearing from some of your industrial customers?

M. SCOTT CROCCO: Yes. So let me start. First of all, when
you look at our results in South America, again, you're really just seeing a
pure merchant play. And in Latin America, we're largely, in terms of 100%-owned
and reported results, is for us Chile, Brazil and Colombia, for the most part,
different economies who have different issues in them. So in the Chilean
economy, very much related to mining, and I would say there had been
strengthening earlier but the Chilean economy still remains somewhat weak. I
think the political situation there is a drag on the economy until the next
election. On the positive side, the big strike at one of those copper mines is
behind us now. In Brazil, of course, you've got the carnival effect in this
particular quarter, which is always a large impact for us. I'd say the strength
that we see there in the liquid/bulk versus in the packaged gas business, you
could read that larger companies more likely to be in an export sort of an
industry are doing better for us than perhaps people who are just serving the
local market. Does that help?

CHRISTOPHER S. PARKINSON: Yes. It's great detail.

OPERATOR: We've got Jim Sheehan with SunTrust Robinson
Humphrey.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN, RESEARCH ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON
HUMPHREY, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, regarding your cautiousness on the
geopolitical outlook, aside from that, we are seeing a little bit of a pickup
here in some of your organic volumes and maybe some pricing in various regions
of the world, North America and Europe. What would you have to see, what would
have to occur to make you less cautious on the geopolitical side?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Very simply, a very concrete economic
policy that has passed Congress and it is enacted into law so that we can make
an assessment of what is happening in the United States. A second one is a
concrete indication of what Brexit actually is going to mean. And the third
thing is going to be, hopefully, a lessening of tensions in Far East and in the
Middle East that we are not going to get into another war. Those would be the 3
things. Please, Jim, we are cautious about the future because we don't know
what is going to happen in the future so we need to be cautious about that. But
as I said, Air Products is doing fine and we are very confident about what Air
Products does. But if something significant happens, we need to be prepared for
that. But right now, everything about the U.S. economy is a guess. Nothing has
passed Congress into law, whether it is taxes, whether it is infrastructure
projects, nothing has passed into law, so we don't know what to expect and
that's why we are being cautious. And Brexit, there is a lot of discussion
about what's going to happen. One day, it's going to be a hard negotiation, one
day, it's going to be soft negotiation. Now we are going to have election in
U.K. so those are the ones that make us a little bit cautious. But maybe we are
too cautious but that's usually not a bad thing.

JAMES MICHAEL SHEEHAN: Okay, great. And then regarding your
$8 billion capital deployment figure, you talked about a 3-year time frame for
deploying that capital. And could you just elaborate a little further on how
you think about deploying that capital internally through growth versus
returning cash to shareholders? Do you stop every year or so and decide how you
separate those 2 goals? Or would you start to remunerate shareholders only
after the 3-year time period is up for assessing M&A opportunities?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jim, first of all, I'd just like to
clarify, I didn't give you a 3-year timeline. So the timeline is open. Number
two, at the current -- currently, we don't have any plans to return money to
the shareholders because we think we can deploy the money. As time goes by,
we'll see how well we are doing. I mean, if in the first year and the second
year, we have deployed 0, then I think the strategy will change. But overall,
as I said before, considering what we are working on, we continue to be
confident that we can put that money to work in good returns and create value
for our shareholders. That is what distinguishes Air Products from the other
companies. That is our future. That is why we are not interested in big mergers
and acquisitions. That's why we are not running after buying another big
company because we do have the capability and a clear vision of what we are
going to do. Air Products is going to do very well standalone. We don't need
anybody's help.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Kevin McCarthy with
Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN WILLIAM MCCARTHY, PARTNER, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: I wanted to ask you about the capital deployment, and specifically, the
category of TCAPs that you mentioned versus acquisitions and large projects. I
was wondering if you could educate us a little bit more on how you see the
opportunity set there. For example, I imagine it would take quite a lot of TCAP
deals to go one by one and address individual oxygen or hydrogen units. And so
I'm wondering if you see larger collections of assets and counterparties that
would be perhaps interested in doing a more wholesale deal. And also why is it
that things are apparently moving a bit slowly? For example, is there a dearth
of interested counterparties at this particular juncture? Or is that not the
case and maybe there's just a wide bid-ask on the economics? Any color there
would be appreciated.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure, Kevin. We are chasing pretty
sizable projects. In order to deploy the $8 billion, which sounds like a lot of
money, if you just have another 4 Jazan projects, that deploys all of the cash.
We are pursuing very big projects, and as a result, it's going to take time,
it's going to be more difficult, it's going to be more complicated. But that is
the reason that we remain confident. There are people who are very interested
in talking to us about gasification, about expanding our scope of supply to
syngas. Those projects are all $2 billion, $3 billion projects. And in
addition, with the hydrogen, yes, we are looking at sometimes kind of making a
wholesale deal with people in terms of acquiring many plants rather than just 1
or 2 plants. And in addition to that, there is a possibility that some assets
will come available as a result of the merger of some other companies, so we
are looking at all of that. So putting all of that together, again, at this
stage, we believe we can deploy the cash. But time -- thank you, Kevin.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Don Carson with
Susquehanna International Group.

EMILY WAGNER, ASSOCIATE, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP, LLLP,
RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Emily Wagner on for Don. Just a question on EMEA. I
noticed that you mentioned you were gaining positive pricing, but this was
offset by customer mix. Could you just describe the dynamic there? And is there
an opportunity to increase pricing to help offset the currency headwinds?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Sure. Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. The issue for us in pricing is, to
date, really been around the power costs that Seifi referred to earlier that
incurred in the first half. What's happened is we have made moves to recover
those power cost increases. We've actually recovered about 50% of it so far.
You don't see that when you look at that slide right now, because at the same
time, we had a mix in our customers where large customers took more product.
And typically with a large customer, our cost of supply is less, and therefore,
the pricing is less. So for example, a person who takes a large container or a
large load of helium in liquid phase versus in gaseous phase, lower cost of
supply per molecule, lower molecule price to them. So that's what's going on.
If we are going to look at, let's just say, March where power rates were more
where we expect them to run for the rest of the year and the overall gains
we've made in pricing, we see ourselves well on track to recover the remaining
50%, so we're quite confident on that. I'd rather not go into a timing
discussion of that because I think that has some commercial implications for us
and negotiations, but we think we're in a good position there.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Jeff Zekauskas with
JPMorgan.

JEFFREY J. ZEKAUSKAS, SENIOR ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE &
CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Seifi, you indicated that you are no longer pursuing
Yingde. I was wondering how you came to the decision to no longer pursue it.
And then in the way you termed it at the beginning of the call, you said that
we're choosing no longer to pursue Yingde at this time. So does that mean that
under a different set of circumstances, you might pursue it again?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Jeff, first of all, good morning. And as
usual, you always get -- you always ask very good questions. I did use my voice
very carefully when I said at this time, because you never know what happens in
terms of how the events turn out. There were many reasons that we decided to
stop and that the -- stop, what did the stop mean? If we wanted to pursue it,
it means that we would have had to offer more than $6 a share. We decided that
this is not the time to do that. At some future time, it might be the time to
do that. So I just wanted to not close the door there.

JEFFREY J. ZEKAUSKAS: And when we look across your
businesses, sort of the -- there's very slow growth for the industrial gas
company, as in pricing is roughly 0 or close to 0. So does that mean that your
products might have to reassess its cost initiatives again to see whether it
can lift returns by another means?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that there is no
question that the pricing is flat, and the volume growth in the Merchant
business is nothing to write home about. We fully understand that. And that is
why Air Products has chosen not to significantly expand our Merchant business
and our packaged gases business. And you know very well that, that's why we
didn't pursue some opportunities in that area. We are focused on the large
onsite projects, and there are plenty of those projects to pursue. So we
believe that we will be able, by pursuing those projects, we will continue to
be able to maintain our margins. Our goal is to maintain our margins at around
35%. And if because of the circumstances or certain events in the world, we
would need to take a look at improving our productivity and our cost position
in order to maintain our margins, we certainly will do that.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from David Begleiter with
Deutsche Bank.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE
BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just on pricing in North America, Seifi, I know it
remains challenging right now, but what's the potential, do you think, over the
next 2 to 3 years for some pricing traction to be gained here in North America?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: You do know that it will be very
difficult for us to make any comments about prices. So I would like to take a
rain check on that, if you don't mind it.

DAVID L. BEGLEITER: Understood. Just lastly on the
maintenance costs that we're seeing, a little bit elevated currently, can you
quantify the impact and how that might benefit perhaps Q4 or even next year?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I think Corning should address that. I
obviously don't like it, but Corning will still comment on that.

CORNING F. PAINTER: So let's say we're in the neighborhood
of $0.03 for us on maintenance in this quarter. We'll see slightly higher or
also we'll see relative to last year, higher costs next quarter. Fourth quarter
will be less. Let me just stress though, these are maintenance costs that we're
talking about, hydrogen SMRs largely being what swings the numbers around.
These are plants that come down every 3 years, 4 years for maintenance. And so
it's, by its nature, lumpy. I'd say we have made great progress in this area
and the outage that we took this last quarter in Europe, that plant had been
operating for over 1,300 days, right? And we were able to push and push with
regulatory people the right to continue to operate that plant longer as we've
gotten smarter and better in how we operate and maintain these plants
on-the-fly. So I think there's a positive story there. But we're always going
to have this up and down as when this project is scheduled.

OPERATOR: Next question comes from Mike Harrison with
Seaport Global securities.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON, MD AND SENIOR CHEMICALS ANALYST,
SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Looking for some color on
replacing the $70 million of loss revenue related to Airgas. Do you have
efforts underway already to find the new customers to replace that? And how
much of a headwind could that loss be to your capacity utilization? In other
words, trying to get to an idea of what the decremental margin could look like
on that $70 million.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Corning will answer the question. But I
just want to say that we were not making a lot of money selling anything to
Airgas, so that's why we stopped. But Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes, so you can imagine, we have known
for quite a long time where this contract was going to terminate. We're on it.
We've got people focused on filling in the volumes. I'd rather not talk a lot
about particular progress or margins just because I think that gives one
competitor in particular a pretty good ability to calculate into our economics.

MICHAEL JOSEPH HARRISON: All right. And then was also hoping
that you could comment on the Jazan project in the global gases segment. The
$24.5 million in EBITDA for this quarter, can we model a similar EBITDA number
for Q3 and Q4? Can you give us any guidance on that?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Well, we don't want to give you any
numbers, but I would like to say that the Jazan project is making good
progress. We are on schedule. We are on plan. So I don't see any reason why the
number -- why we would have any kind of a significant change there. But
overall, I'd rather not break it down, because then, you have to break down
what is the negative effect of LNG and all of that. But overall for Jazan, we
are doing fine.

OPERATOR: Next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan
Stanley.

VINCENT STEPHEN ANDREWS, MD, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I just have one question left, and I was hoping Scott, you can maybe
boil down all the moving parts on the margin. We ex-ed out the pass-through.
Just give us some guidance on how we should be modeling underlying margins for
the balance of fiscal year sequentially, would be helpful.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. Scott, you want to make a comment?

M. SCOTT CROCCO: Absolutely. Maybe let me reiterate here for
this quarter versus last year, right? So we had 140 basis points decline from
the higher energy pass-through and then 120 basis points impact from the SOE
mix as was described, which leaves in underlying margin down of about 40 basis
points, right? Then as we move forward, I mean, we don't know where natural gas
is going to go. We've given you the sensitivity in the past, that for every
change in natural gas, $1 per MMBtu is about $250 million per year in revenue.
So you can put in whatever you think for natural gas on that. In terms of,
Seifi just mentioned, we'll continue to execute on Jazan, and that project is
going well. And also, as we've talked about, the LNG business continues to be
down towards the bottom. And so we don't see a lot of change in either one of
those. I would say though, just kind of all else equal and keeping natural gas
where it is, maybe it's in the 33 type of range. We were just short of that
this past quarter, and for the year, maybe it's something in that area. But
again, I'd ask you to go back and plug in what you assume that natural gas is
going to be, okay?

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Laurence Alexander
with Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, VP AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST,
JEFFERIES LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two quick ones. First, how much of a
tailwind, if any, is your HyCO business going to see from refiners gearing up
to deal with the new Marine fuel regulation starting in 2020? And secondly, as
you look at your pursuit of larger projects in gasification, are you going to see
sort of a longer ramp-up for those projects as they become larger in size? And
are we looking at more like 3 to 4-year ramps as opposed to 2-year ramps?

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: I'll answer your second question, and
I'll have Corning answer your first question. Yes, as the projects become
bigger, and so on, you're right. Instead of a 2-year turnaround for an ASU, it
will be a 4-year, 5-year, that is very correct assumption. And on your first
question, Corning?

CORNING F. PAINTER: Yes. I'm sorry to confirm for you, when
you look at the crude lights blend and everything else, the split, how they run
it, we don't seem a huge impact for us in terms of incremental demand with the
new marine rigs. I think that's not going to be a huge impact.

SEIFOLLAH GHASEMI: Okay. With that then, I think that we
would like to -- we have gone over the time, but no problem. I'd just like to
thank everybody for being on the call. We do appreciate that. Thanks for taking
time from your busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your
interest, and we look forward to discussing our results with you again next
quarter. In the meantime, have a nice day and all the best to all of you.
Thanks again.

OPERATOR: Once again, that does conclude today's call, and
we appreciate your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042717a10007924.724










 EXECUTIVES (92%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); ANNUAL FINANCIAL RESULTS (87%); ANNUAL REPORTS
(79%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (76%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%);
SECURITIES LAW (72%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (70%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (92%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

CITIGROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (84%);

SUNTRUST BANKS INC (71%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%); C (NYSE) (84%); C
(BMV) (84%); 8710 (TSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE)
(84%); DBK (FRA) (84%); DBK (BIT) (84%); DBETN (JSE) (84%); DB (NYSE) (84%);
STI (NYSE) (71%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); INDUSTRIAL GASES (90%);
CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (76%); BANKING & FINANCE (76%); AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH (76%);
SECURITIES LAW (72%); ACCOUNTING (64%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (57%)










 May 11, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
27, 2017 Friday




Copyright
2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 9100 words

Corporate Participants

* Simon Moore

 and 

. -
Vice President, IR

* Seifi Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President and CEO

* Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
SVP and CFO

* Corning Painter

 and 

. -
EVP, Industrial Gases

Conference Call Participants

* Katherine Griffin

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Chris Parkinson

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Jeff Zekauskas

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Chris Evans

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Duffy Fischer

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* James Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Vincent Andrews

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* John Roberts

UBS - Analyst

* Kevin McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners - Analyst

* Nils Wallin

CLSA - Analyst

* Mike Harrison

Seaport Global Securities - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to Air Products and
Chemicals' first-quarter earnings release conference call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON MOORE, VICE PRESIDENT, IR, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS,
INC.: Thank you, Eric. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products'
first-quarter 2017 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice
President of Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi
Ghasemi, our Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter, Air Products'
Executive Vice President responsible for Industrial Gases. After our comments
we will be pleased to take your questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and in today's
earnings release.

As you know, on October 1, 2016, Air Products completed the
spin-off of Electronic Materials as Versum Materials, and on January 3, 2017,
Air Products completed the sale of Performance Materials to Evonik. The Q1
results, prior period comparisons, and forward guidance we are sharing today
are based on Air Products' continuing operations. In other words, they don't
include the discontinued operations of EMD or PMD.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you for
taking time from your very busy schedule to be on our call today. We do
appreciate your interest in Air Products. I am very pleased to report that our
team at Air Products delivered another quarter of strong safety and financial
results. Despite the sluggish economic growth worldwide and continued currency
headwinds, our team stayed focused on executing our Strategic Five Point Plan.
For the quarter, we delivered earnings per share of $1.47, up 9% over last year
and in the top half of our guidance range for the quarter. And we had excellent
safety performance.

Now, please turn to slide number 3. I am incredibly proud of
our team for operating a whole quarter, about 8 million man-hours, without a
single employee lost time accident. Considering that we have 16,000 employees
working around the globe in a variety of operating environments, a lost time
accident rate of zero is outstanding. This performance is the best indicator
that all of our people are focused, disciplined, engaged, and aware of the high
standards of performance required in Air Products. We will all work hard to
strive for this performance in the months and years to come. I want to thank
every one of our Air Products employees for their focus, attention, and
discipline.

Now, please turn to slide number 4, which is a
reconfirmation of our overall goal for the Company. We are determined to
continue to be the safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the
world, providing excellent service to our customers.

Now, please turn to slide number 5. Here you can see our
overall management philosophy. We believe strongly that cash generation is what
drives long-term value. We believe that what counts in the long term is the increase
in per-share value of our stock, not the size of our Company or growth rates.
In addition, Air Products has a significant amount of cash on hand and the
effective deployment of that cash is one of the most important responsibilities
that I have as the CEO of the Company.

Now, please turn to slide number 6, our Five Point Plan that
we announced 2 1/2 years ago. I want to take a moment and expand on the first
point: our focus on Industrial Gases, our core business. In September of 2014,
we announced that our strategic goal is to focus on our core Industrial Gases
business. In September of 2015, we announced plans to spin off Materials
Technologies and set September 2016 as the target date to get the job done. I'm
very pleased that as a result of an excellent effort by many people in Air
Products, and especially the people in our former Materials Technology
business, we successfully got the job done in accordance with our plan in two
steps.

Step one was to spin off, tax-free to our shareholders, our
Electronic Materials Division as a new company called Versum Materials, which
successfully started trading on the New York Stock Exchange on October 3, 2016.
Step two was to sell our Performance Materials division to Evonik. The
transaction was announced in May 2016 and we closed and received our $3.8
billion of cash earlier this month. As a result of these actions, completing
the first step of our strategic plan, we now have more than $3 billion of cash
that we can deploy to make acquisitions to profitably grow our core Industrial
Gases business.

Talking about growth, I think this is an appropriate time to
draw your attention to the fact that we have made announcements on January 8
and again January 20 that we have made the preliminary, nonbinding indication
of interest to acquire Yingde Gases, a Hong Kong listed company and a major
industrial gas company in China. We seek to engage in a friendly transaction
with the company, which we believe would be very beneficial to the employees,
customers, and shareholders of both companies. As you may know, Air Products
currently has a business in China with about $1 billion of sales and more than
2,500 employees, and we are very successful operating in that country.

Now, please turn to slide number 7, where you can see our
three key metrics. As you will note, our metrics moved as a result of the spin
of Versum and the sale of PMD, but we remain committed to our goal to be the
most profitable industrial gas company in the world, as measured by each of
these three metrics. We remain focused on driving further improvement as we
move forward.

Now please go to slide number 8, which obviously is my
favorite slide, where you can see our quarterly progress. As you will note, we
have improved our EBITDA margin by almost 1,000 basis points in the last 2 1/2
years. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco, our
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our results in
detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon to make some
closing remarks, and then we will be more than pleased to answer your
questions. Scott?

SCOTT CROCCO, SVP AND CFO, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.:
Thank you very much, Seifi. Now, please turn to slide number 9 for a more
detailed review of our Q1 results. Sales of $1.9 billion increased 1% versus
last year, as higher volumes and higher energy pass-through more than offset an
unfavorable currency impact of 3%. Volumes were 2% higher, primarily due to
strength in Industrial Gases Asia and continued progress on our Jazan project.
This was somewhat offset by the expected weakness in LNG and our other sale of
equipment businesses, which we mentioned last quarter related to our FY17
guidance.

In other areas, volumes were lower in Gases Americas and
EMEA. Corning will provide more color shortly. Pricing remains largely
unchanged across our businesses. We delivered operating leverage again this
quarter, as EBITDA of $652 million improved by 3% and operating income of $408
million improved by 6%. EBITDA margin of 34.7% and operating margin of 21.7%
improved by 80 and 110 basis points, respectively, as we continue to execute on
our Five Point Plan. Higher energy pass-through reduced operating margins by 30
basis points. Operating margin was up 140 basis points, excluding the impact of
higher energy pass-through. Versus prior year, net income increased by 10% and
adjusted earnings per share grew by 9%. ROCE of 12.7% improved by 180 basis
points versus last year.

Now, please turn to slide number 10. You've heard Seifi and
I talk about our focus on cash flow. Our free cash flow was $103 million this
quarter, down $19 million versus last year despite the higher EBITDA, due to
the higher maintenance CapEx and higher cash taxes based on timing.

Turning to slide 11, you can see an overview of this
quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I comment on our
Q1 operating performance, I'd like to spend a moment on the non-GAAP items that
total $0.32 per share, or about $80 million pretax. We saw Materials Technologies
business separation costs of $30 million or $0.12 per share for legal and
advisory fees. As you remember, during the second quarter of fiscal year 2016,
we made the decision to exit our energy-from-waste business and moved it into
discontinued operations.

During the first quarter of fiscal 2017, we determined it
was unlikely that a buyer would assume the remaining assets or contract
obligations at the site. As a result, this quarter we recorded a continuing
operations impairment charge of $50 million, or $0.19 per share, for an air
separation unit in our EMEA segment which was intended to provide oxygen to the
energy-from-waste plants. Additionally, in discontinued operations, which is
where we report results for the energy-from-waste business, we recorded a
pretax charge of approximately $60 million, primarily associated with a land
lease for the energy-from-waste assets.

We expect to see cost action and pension settlement costs
continue through next year. Further actions will be part of the second $300
million of operational improvements and other actions to offset stranded costs
from our decision to divest Materials Technologies. Further details on all
non-GAAP items can be found in the appendix slide and the footnotes to our
earnings release.

Excluding these items, our Q1 continuing operations EPS of
$1.47 increased $0.12 per share or 9% versus last year. Volumes decreased EPS
by $0.07 per share, primarily due to lower activity in our LNG business.
Pricing, energy, and raw material taken together decreased EPS by $0.01. Net
cost performance was $0.19 per share favorable, primarily driven by our
productivity actions. Other income and expense on the consolidated P&L is
about $20 million higher than last year. Compared to the FY16 quarterly average,
OIE is up about $10 million. This is mainly due to the accounting for
transition service agreements, or TSAs, where we are billing Versum and we will
also be billing Evonik next quarter for various services which Air Products
continues to provide to both companies. The expenses we incur are primarily in
SG&A. What we bill to recover these expenses gets recorded in OIE.

For the quarter, currency was $0.03 per share unfavorable.
Equity affiliate income increased by $0.02 per share due to better results in
Italy and Asia. Interest expense was $0.03 higher due to lower capitalized
interest. And a lower tax rate increased earnings by $0.06 per share versus
last year. Our effective tax rate this quarter was 21.2%, about 350 basis
points lower than recent quarter for three main reasons. First, our underlying
rate improved by about 50 basis points as a result of separating the MT
businesses. Second, we adopted a new accounting standard for share-based
compensation that results in about 150 basis points reduction this quarter.
This benefit will vary quarter to quarter and we expect it will be smaller for
the rest of the year. And finally, this quarter's rate benefited from some
favorable one-time adjustments, including foreign tax law changes, worth about
150 basis points. We expect the rate for fiscal year 2017 to be about 23%.

Turning to slide 12, I'd like to make a few comments on our
31 December balance sheet and subsequent changes, as shown in the pro forma
column. Cash on the balance sheet as of 31 December decreased by about $700
million versus 30 September to a balance of $600 million, as a result of
utilizing the cash from Versum spin-off to repay commercial paper. The current
or pro forma cash balance after receiving PMD sales proceeds of $3.8 billion is
approximately $4.4 billion. We are currently investing the PMD proceeds in
short-term deposits at approximately 1%. Over the next few quarters we will pay
about $1 billion in taxes associated with the significant gain on the PMD sale.

Total debt of $4.3 billion as of 31 December is down
approximately $1.4 billion from 30 June, which is prior to the spin and the
sale. As we have said, our goal is to manage our debt balance to maintain our
A/A2 credit rating, and we believe that our 31 December debt balance of $4.3 billion
meets that requirement. As you may have seen in January, S&P upgraded our
business risk profile from strong to excellent due to our portfolio
transformation to focus on the core industrial gas business and also our
significant EBITDA margin improvement. So, after we pay taxes on the PMD sale
-- or gain, and keep about $300 million to operate the business, you can see
that we have about $3 billion to invest in our core industrial gas business.

Now, to begin the review of our business segment results, I
will turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING PAINTER, EVP, INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. Our Industrial Gas business began 2017 with
another solid quarter. Despite the challenging external environment with tepid
economic growth and currency headwinds, our unwavering focus on productivity
drove margins up in EMEA and the Americas, while in Asia we grew China retail
sales by double digits. I would like to thank the entire team around the world
for staying focused on the things we control. Most importantly, safety, but
also serving our customers well and delivering solid business results.

Next, I'd like to share another example of the productivity
actions we are taking to drive our business improvement. We recently completed
a program to uniquely tag each of our packaged gas cylinders in nearly every
country in which we operate. Knowing the exact location of each individual
cylinder allows us to run our cylinder fill and distribution systems much more
efficiently. We've also found that it enables us to better protect our assets
from being refilled by unauthorized third parties.

Now, please turn to slide 13 for a review of our Gases
Americas results. Our continued focus on taking the lead productivity actions
enabled us to modestly improve margins despite weak volumes and the headwind
from higher energy pass-through from increased natural gases prices. Sales of
$864 million were up 3% versus last year, as 2% lower volumes were more than
offset by 5% higher energy pass-through, while pricing was flat. Latin American
volumes were down close to 10%, primarily on packaged gases and welding
consumables. This lowered overall Americas volumes by 1%. North America volumes
also impacted overall Americas volumes by 1%, as helium and steel weakness
offset slightly positive LOX/LIN volumes.

HyCO volumes were modestly positive as the volume
contribution from our new plant in Canada was mostly offset by customer and
planned maintenance outages in the US Gulf Coast. Sequential volumes were impacted
by the HyCO outages and lower seasonal LOX/LIN demand. Operating income of $224
million was up 6% and EBITDA of $350 million was up 5% versus last year, as the
benefits from our taking the lead operational improvements more than overcame
the headwinds from lower volumes. Operating margin of 25.9% was up 60 basis
points and EBITDA margin of 40.5% was up 40 basis points. Higher energy
pass-through reduced the operating margin by about 90 basis points, meaning
that the underlying operating margin was up 150 basis points, excluding energy
pass-through.

Now, please turn to slide number 14. In our Europe, Middle
East, and Africa business, the team continues to deliver margin expansion
despite volume weakness and headwinds from currency. Versus last year, sales of
$400 million were down 9% on 2% lower volumes, flat pricing, a negative 1%
impact from lower energy pass-through, and a negative 6% impact from currency,
primarily the British pound. Liquid volumes were down, while packaged gas
volumes on a cylinders per workday basis were up slightly. But with less
workdays this year, volumes were down overall. Other than the continued
currency impact, we don't believe the Brexit vote had much impact on our
business this quarter.

Operating income of $88 million and EBITDA of $140 million
were both down 5%, but both would have been up slightly on a constant currency
basis as our productivity actions more than offset the impact from lower
volumes and higher electricity tariff rates. We are working to recover the impact
of the higher electrical cost in our liquid bulk business. Operating margin of
22% was up 100 basis points and EBITDA margin of 35% was up 160 basis points,
driven by productivity. Sequentially, profits were impacted by currency, the
higher electrical costs, and volume.

Now, please turn to slide 15, Gases Asia, where you can see
the ramp up about new plants and the strength in our merchant business continue
to deliver growth. Sales of $438 million were up 6% as volume growth of 10% was
partially offset 1% on price and 3% on currency. Just over half the volume
increase was from new plants, primarily an increase in utility cost
pass-through. Our merchant business was up mid-single digits across Asia and
our China retail LOX/LIN business was again up double-digit, as we've improved
the quality of this business.

Overall merchant pricing was down slightly, primarily due to
helium, as overall Asia LOX/LIN pricing and China LOX/LIN pricing were both
positive. We've seen an improvement in the China LOX/LIN plant loadings. In
fact, we are essentially sold out for certain products in some regions of
China, but overall industry overcapacity still remains. Operating income of
$118 million was up 1% and EBITDA of $178 million was down 1%. Profits were
flat as the utility pass-through is by definition at zero margin, and we had
headwinds from currency and about $5 million of positive nonrecurring items a
year ago. Operating margin of 26.9% was down 140 basis points and EBITDA margin
of 40.7% was down 290 basis points versus last year, driven mainly by the
increase in utility cost pass-through. Sequentially, margins rebounded on lower
costs.

Finally, earlier this month we announced the next phase of
our gas complex in Pyeongtaek City, South Korea. We are building a second plant
to support our customer's semiconductor fab business. This builds on the major
project we announced at the same site in 2015. I'll close with a brief comment
on the Global Gases segment. You'll recall that this segment includes most of
our air separation unit sale of equipment business as well as costs associated
with the Industrial Gases business which are not region-specific. Sales were up
versus prior year, driven by progress on the Jazan ASU sale of equipment
project this quarter, which more than offset weakness in small equipment and
other ASU sales. Segment profits were up versus prior year as we continue to
recognize profit on the Jazan project. You'll recall that we had a catch-up
profit booking last quarter, which is why profits are down sequentially.

Now I'll turn the call back over to Simon for a comment on
our corporate segment.

SIMON MOORE: Thank you, Corning. Our corporate segment
consists of our LNG and helium container businesses as well as corporate costs
which are not business-specific. Sales and profits were down versus last year
on significantly lower LNG project activity. As we have said, the lack of
customer decisions on new LNG projects is having a significant impact on our
business and we still expect at least a $0.25 headwind in LNG for FY17 versus
FY16. We did see a positive impact from our productivity actions.

Now, please turn to slide 16 and I'll turn the call back
over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. Before we take any questions,
I would like to make a few comments about our outlook. Please turn to slide
number 16. As we move forward, I want to report to our shareholders that Air
Products is in a very strong position. In the past 2 1/2 years we have totally
reorganize the Company in accordance with our Five Point Plan. We have
implemented meaningful productivity plans, resulting in 1,000 basis point
improvement in our margins. We have put in place a very robust and effective
regionally focused organization with highly qualified managers in place. Our
safety performance has vastly improved, an indication that we have the
engagement and participation of all of our 16,000 employees.

The productivity programs we have implemented, and the new
ones underway, will continue to drive our earnings per share as they have done
in the past 10 quarters. In addition, we have focused our portfolio on our core
Industrial Gases business, and as a result of the divestment of non-core
assets, we now have an excellent balance sheet, which is by far the best in the
industry. Reflecting our financial strength, this morning we announced a
quarterly dividend increase of $0.09, or 10%, to $0.95 per share per quarter
for the dividend payable in May. We have never had a larger cents-per-share
dividend increase. We remain confident in the tremendous growth opportunities
to invest in our core business, which is Industrial Gases, and our strong
financial position allows us to also reward our shareholders directly through a
dividend increase and proper acquisitions.

So, in short, we are confident about the status of our
Company, but we are a global company, with only 40% of our sales in the United
States. We do not manufacture products in the US that are exported to other
parts of the world. We also do not manufacture products in the rest of the
world that are imported into the United States. Our business is local to where
our customers are around the world. Therefore, like any other global company,
we are not immune to macroeconomic or geopolitical events that can impact our
business.

The new administration in the United States has not yet
articulated its full economic or foreign policy. In Europe, six months after
the referendum, it remains unclear how the UK government will address the exit
from the European Union. Is it a soft Brexit, a hard Brexit, or Brexit at all,
now that the UK Parliament has to vote on the issue? In addition, it is
impossible to predict how other countries will react to the new economic and
political developments in the United States and Europe. All of these events can
have significant impact on the level of economic activity and the exchange
rates in the areas we operate in.

As a result, we are now more cautious in our outlook. Our
guidance for the full-year 2017 EPS is $6.00 to $6.25 per share, which at
midpoint is an increase of 9% over last year, one of the most bullish
predictions than any other industrial gas or chemical company that I have heard
of. Our guidance for EPS in the second quarter of fiscal 2017, that is next
quarter, is $1.30 to $1.40 per share. At this time I do want to once again
thank all of our employees at Air Products for an excellent safety and
financial performance in the first quarter. Our entire team is focused on
delivering industry-leading performance as we move forward.

Now, we will be delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) David Begleiter, Deutsche
Bank.

KATHERINE GRIFFIN, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: This is Katherine
Griffin on for David. Maybe first could we just talk about the drivers of the
lower guidance and what you guys are expecting?

SCOTT CROCCO: The drivers of the lower guidance?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, people keep talking about lower
guidance. I just want to stress our guidance is a 6% to 11% increase versus
last year. So the stress on the lower is kind of interesting for me. But in
terms of why did we take our guidance down? There are four key elements. Number
one, our base for last year ended up to be $0.10 lower than what we thought
when we closed our books at the end of September. If you recall, we said it was
going to be $5.74. We have reported this, it is public. We did that at the
beginning of January. It is $5.64. So that is $0.10.

Our LNG business is doing worse than we thought because we
haven't had any orders for our LNG. That is $0.05 more negative. Our volumes,
we are being cautious and that will affect us about $0.05. We might be wrong on
that, but that is what we are predicting right now. And then the currency is
about $0.05 worse. So that adds up to about the $0.25 that is the difference
between our guidance today versus what it was at the end of October.

KATHERINE GRIFFIN: Very clear, thank you. And so, talking
about the Chinese industrial gas market in terms of on-site, merchant, and packaged
business, could you just talk about how you are -- what you are seeing in that
competitive landscape?

SEIFI GHASEMI: You mean about business in China in general,
or about --?

KATHERINE GRIFFIN: Yes, in general.

SEIFI GHASEMI: I would like to turn that over to Corning to
kind of expand on that.

CORNING PAINTER: Thank you. So, Katherine, I'm going to
focus mainly on on-sites and liquid bulk. The participation of ourselves and
other majors in package gases there is a bit small. So on the on-site basis, it's
relatively stable and we see the step changes as new plants come on. Bidding
activity is -- we are in discussions with people and that sort of continues.
The liquid bulk side, as I reported in my prepared comments, we continue to see
loading of our plants. We continue to see an increase of the loading on the
retail sales portion of it, so all in all, I think that speaks to -- despite
all whatever news is out there, a fundamental momentum in the Chinese economy
and certainly in our business. Does that answer your question?

KATHERINE GRIFFIN: Yes, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Chris Parkinson, Credit Suisse.

CHRIS PARKINSON, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Pertaining to any
potential M&A activity, can you just very broadly comment on your strategic
thinking updates? I imagine it's probably all of these things, but is there a
focus on on-site businesses, geographic diversification, scale and density
benefits, opportunistic valuations? Just any color on how you're thinking about
the evolution of your longer-term portfolio and any risks that you are or are
not willing to take from an asset perspective. Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, thank you. That's an excellent
question, Chris. We are in general, as we have said many times, focused on
making acquisitions where we will increase our percentage of on-site business.
That is one of the reasons that we are pursuing the acquisition of Yingde,
which is a company with almost more than 85% on-site. So that in general is the
direction that we are going and we do have a lot of opportunities. We have
talked about asset buybacks. Most of the asset buybacks are in the on-site
business. So that is the direction that we are going.

In terms of geographically, we obviously are focused on
areas where we think there is going to be growth. If you are chasing growth,
you have to go to places where the population is growing or their standard of
living is going up. Because if you don't have those things, you can talk about
growth as much as you want, but you are not going to get it. So therefore we
are focused on China, which we believe has great potential. We are focused on
India. We are focused on Mexico, and we are focused on the Gulf Coast of the
United States. So, there are some opportunities in Europe and also in Russia.
So we are looking at -- around the world, but the emphasis is more on the
on-site business, which is consistent with what we have said before.

CHRIS PARKINSON: Great. And just generally on macro
expectations, you hit on a few things in the UK. But as we are heading further
into 2017, it appears that activity in Latin America is actually picking up a
little bit. Europe is mixed but on the whole moving in the right direction, I
suppose. Just given the uncertainty of some major elections coming up, just how
are you thinking about general macro and also the willingness of growth in
business investments? Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: In Europe?

CHRIS PARKINSON: In Europe and then Latin America as well.
Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, if I may just take Latin America first,
Latin America is weak. We at least are seeing some weakness in Chile. We are
continuing to see weakness in Brazil, at least for our own business. So, that
is -- we are talking about Latin America, excluding Mexico. Then with respect
to Europe, up to now, we have not seen any significant changes. Our business is
moving along in kind of a stable way. It's nothing to write home about but at
the same time it is not falling apart, so it's kind of a steady thing. The risk
in Europe for us is if there is a major shift in currency exchange rates. Which
is not obviously -- it's just translation, but it could have an effect on the
EPS that we report.

CHRIS PARKINSON: That's helpful, thank you.

OPERATOR: Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Your price raw materials
variance was negative in the quarter. Can you talk about pricing in the
different geographic areas and whether you expect this variance to improve in
the course of the year?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Jeff, that is an excellent question. I think
we have a little explanation, but I'd like Corning to address that.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes. Hi, Jeff. Probably the most exciting
region for us in terms of -- let's say on the cost side if you're thinking
about margin was definitely in Europe. And in Europe, typically France is a net
exporter of attractively-priced nuclear power. They have had a number of power
stations down, at one point I think around 40, and that's really disrupted the
power market on the Continent. So that's been a challenge for us. We are working
to recover that in our business and I think that's an opportunity for us going
forward.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Does that answer your question, Jeff?

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Can you also talk about industrial gas
pricing in the United States and how you think that trends might change in the
course of the year?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes. So, pricing in the U.S., is somewhat
impacted right now. I would say one of the biggest movers for us is the overall
helium market, and we continue -- I think have gone through a period where we
have oversupply and the world is working its way through that. I think looking
forward on pricing I'd rather not make too many forward statements in that
department. But I think helium is one very much driven by supply and demand; as
that gets absorbed as the U.S. BLM facility moves towards greater maturity and
ultimate closure, I think is going to be an offset to that. Does that answer
your questions?

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Yes, thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Robert Koort, Goldman Sachs.

CHRIS EVANS, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: This is Chris Evans on
for Bob. Can you quantify any impact from stranded costs that you felt in the
quarter?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Scott, do you want to make some comment on
that?

SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. Let me actually expand the question and
to take you through some things regarding the transition services. I made some
comments in my prepared remarks, but I want to make sure I get everybody
grounded. First, as I had mentioned, you saw an increase in our other income
and expense in our P&L. It was about $0.07 favorable versus prior year. But
when you look at it, we all know that this moves around. There's different
asset sales and so forth. When you look at the quarter compared to last year
average per quarter, it's about $10 million. This is principally driven by the
TSA that we began to recognize for Versum.

So what we are going to do here is we're going to provide
services to both Versum and Evonik. Evonik will start in this quarter. That
will go over the next 12 to 18 months or so. The expenses that we incur in this
are principally in the SG&A line, and then we're going to offset that in
other income and expense. And so, we saw the beginning of that here in this
quarter. On a run rate basis, should expect as we have both Evonik and Versum
on, we'll see about $40 million to $45 million per year for transition
services. Once we've stopped providing those services, there will be some
resources.

The activities will go away and then we no longer need those
resources because those activities go away. That will play out over the next
year to year and a half. And then additionally, we have some costs in the
corporate segment which we have to focus on eliminating. So, the TSA will cover
the costs in the short term. Once those end, we'll take the activities out. We'll
take the costs out. There will probably be -- we've said in the past about a
$25 million total in stranded costs, that once all the activity goes away,
we'll work to offset and eliminate. Okay? Hopefully that helps.

CHRIS EVANS: Absolutely. And then maybe shifting gears a bit
towards your M&A strategy, specifically with Yingde, it seems to be
consistent with your guided directions that you talked before; that go for
on-site and then focus on regions like China. But have you vetted that customer
base? That seems to be largely focused on steel, that might be a risk.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, the thing is that obviously we have
taken everything into consideration when we looked at that. But at that
company, they have done a very good job and diversified; all of their portfolio
is not steel. They have about 67 big customers and they have a lot of good
customers and on-site businesses with the chemical sector. So, they have a
balanced portfolio. They are not particularly exposed, and we have taken into
consideration what the consequences are of the consolidation of the steel
industry in China.

CHRIS EVANS: So similar legal or contracts that you have in
other parts of the world should be expected there?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, I think, considering that we are in the
middle of these discussions, I think it would be very inappropriate for me to
make any comments about their contracts or anything like that. So you allow us,
if we do the transaction, we can go through all of that with you.

CHRIS EVANS: Sure. Thank you, sir.

OPERATOR: Duffy Fischer, Barclays.

DUFFY FISCHER, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Just a question on
the capital structure. If you were to use the $3 million to just go out and buy
an asset that has EBITDA, obviously that's a deleveraging effect, even though
you were at the level at the end of the year with your rating agencies that
they were happy with. Is that the way you would expect it to work? Or would you
take on commensurate debt at the same ratio that Air Products is today to keep
that ratio the same through the acquisitions?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Duffy, that's an excellent question. I'm very
happy that you asked that because I would like to expand on it. Our goal is to
maintain our A rating. Our goal is not to de-lever Air Products. So, if we have
the capacity, as we buy acquisitions and all of that, we obviously have the
capacity to take on more debt. The key thing is that we want net debt to EBITDA
to be order of magnitude about 2 to 2.2 to maintain our A rating. As you know,
some of the other people in the industry have net debt to EBITDA much higher
than that and they still have an A rating.

So our goal is not to stop our growth, because we just want
to de-lever to having no debt. No. We want to maintain our A rating, and
whatever that implies in terms of the net debt to EBITDA, that's what we'll do.

DUFFY FISCHER: Fair enough. And then obviously the Yingde
bid has gotten a lot of the headlines, but is it just as probable that some of
the other deals are what shake loose this year, some of the asset buybacks
maybe in the Middle East and different places like that?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Duffy, obviously that is our intent. As you
know, we have the firing power to do a lot more than just acquisition of
Yingde. We have a lot more cash. And as you said, the more EBITDA comes in, you
can do more. So we have the capacity to do a lot more and you can rest assured
that we are looking at a lot of different things, and I hope that some of those
materialize this year.

DUFFY FISCHER: Great. Thank you, guys.

OPERATOR: James Sheehan, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

JAMES SHEEHAN, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: With
respect to the Yingde discussions, could you talk about how you deal with the
currency risk there? Do you have a view that the currency is not going to
decline further? Or how do you see yourselves mitigating any currency risk in
China?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, obviously, when we -- these industrial
gases, as you know, is a local business. Your costs are local and your income
is in local, so there is not too much of a risk. The only risk is translation.
And in addition to that, if you do this kind of acquisitions, we can always
borrow locally and all of that to protect ourselves from exchange rates. That's
the good thing about industrial gases. We are a very local business and we do
business locally.

JAMES SHEEHAN: Could you also discuss how you see synergy
opportunities at Yingde?

SEIFI GHASEMI: As I said, since we are in the middle of this
thing, I think that would be inappropriate for me to address that. I think if
we ever do the deal we obviously will make a presentation and we will give you
all the details about all of our expectations.

JAMES SHEEHAN: Thank you, Seifi.

OPERATOR: Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT ANDREWS, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: I apologize if this
has been asked; I had to hop off for a minute. But Seifi, I'm just wondering --
you referenced in the prepared remarks and in the press release the uncertainty
over the -- President Trump's economic policy and so forth. But I think it's
well understood that he has some issues with China. And there are all sorts of
concerns out there in many different directions. So, I'm just curious what
gives you the comfort to then go do a large acquisition in China, given the
uncertainty surrounding economic policy and so forth.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Vincent, I think what we said and what we
meant to say was that we don't know. He didn't take a position positive or
negative. The second thing is that Air Products has been in business for 75
years. During that time, we have had 14 different presidents. We shouldn't and
we don't run the business on the basis of what political party is in power,
because you know things change every four years or eight years. We are looking
at the long-term. China is a place that, it has the population and their
standard of living is going up. Those are the only things that affect economic
growth.

We see economic growth there for the long-term. Therefore,
if we can strengthen our position and be there, I think that would be the right
thing to do, and that is our strategy. There might be things in the short-term
that might affect things, but we are being paid to look at keeping Air Products
afloat for another 75 years. And taking that view, that would be the right
place to invest.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay. Thank you. And just as a follow-up,
Scott, I think if I heard you correctly, the electricity cost issue that hurt
the quarter, these do not have a contractual ability to recoup. You are going
to have to try to recoup them the ordinary way. As I seem to recall a couple of
years ago, there was an electricity issue I think maybe in the U.S. that you
were able to recoup quite quickly. So is this a different construct?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I think Corning will address that.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, hi, it's Corning again. So for the
Continental Europe we have a variety of different contracts that are out there.
There are some that are a formula that takes a certain period of time. There's
others where we've got the ability to surcharge and we've started that process.
So, it depends really customer by customer, contract by contract. But there's
the ability to go get this.

SCOTT CROCCO: Sorry, Vince, and maybe just to emphasize,
that's around our merchant business, right?

CORNING PAINTER: Right. And so if you're then looking at our
tonnage business, those are all under a contract with a defined formula for how
it is approached. And it's really not particularly material in the packaged
gases space.

SEIFI GHASEMI: There is, with a bit of timing here, Vincent,
as you know very well.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay. I understand. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Steve Byrne, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

STEVE BYRNE, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: (technical
difficulty) production in China. Would that potentially lead to a tightening of
the liquid oxygen and nitrogen markets?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Excuse me. We did not hear the first part of
your question. I think there was an interruption. Would you be kind enough to
repeat that, please?

STEVE BYRNE: Sure. If there is rationalization in China of
coal-based chemical production, would that potentially lead to a tightening of
the liquid oxygen and nitrogen markets?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I would say not very much, because a lot of
these big plants that supply the coal gasification facilities do not have
liquid attached.

CORNING PAINTER: I would just add, I don't see coal to
chemical slowing down, especially the element of that using industrial gases.
Coal to electricity? Right, there's been an announcement, but that has nothing
to do with the industrial gas market. Clean coal to chemical I think remains an
area of emphasis in China.

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'd just like to expand on that because we
obviously operate there and we keep track of these things. There was a headline
that China has closed down 102 coal-fired power plants. That's a totally
different subject than gasification of coal for production of chemicals. That
is actually environmentally 10 times more friendly and the Chinese government
has not slowed that down and we don't see any of that at all.

STEVE BYRNE: Thanks. And then just as a follow-up, Seifi,
how would you categorize the role of intellectual property in the industrial
gas industry and Air Products' overlap both with global and regional peers?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, that's obviously a very broad question.
We do have intellectual property on certain products that we make in terms of
applications and so on, but I would say that there isn't -- nobody can claim
that that is going to make a material difference in terms of their performance
with somebody else. We don't see that. This is not like intellectual property
for software or anything like that. No. That wouldn't be too much of a big
deal.

STEVE BYRNE: Thank you.

OPERATOR: John Roberts, UBS.

JOHN ROBERTS, ANALYST, UBS: On the Asia gases volumes, I
think this was at least the eighth consecutive quarter of volume growth in the
high single digits to low double digit rates as you ramp up the new projects.
How much of your Asia sales are now in China? And how much longer can you stay
near these high levels off this high base?

SCOTT CROCCO: So, almost $1 billion of our Asia sales are in
China. In terms of the pace, there's two elements of what you see reported
right now. Some of that is associated with new plants and largely utility
pass-through. And that's going to turn a little bit as our customers progress
in starting up their own facilities. In terms of the merchant market, well, of
course that's subject to economic overall conditions, but you can see we have
positive momentum there. And I think most importantly, positive momentum around
retail sales.

JOHN ROBERTS: And then secondly, if the LNG outlook remains
suppressed, could that operation become non-core? Or because it's cryogenic gas
equipment in engineering, would it still be viewed as core in most scenarios?

SEIFI GHASEMI: LNG is a core business for us, for sure,
because there is no question that LNG will come back. Any kind of a projection
that you look at for the long-term, LNG will come back, and that in particular
is an area where we do have intellectual property. We are going to keep our LNG
business for the long-term. We are going to suffer for a few years, but that is
the nature of the business. No, LNG is core to Air Products. We have always
said that.

JOHN ROBERTS: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Kevin McCarthy, Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN MCCARTHY, ANALYST, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS: Seifi,
I wanted to follow-up on the capital deployment dialogue in response to an
earlier question. I think you called out Mexico as a country of interest as it
relates to growth, along with China, India, and the U.S. Gulf Coast. Just
wondering if you see any opportunity to increase your stake at Infra over the
next year or two. And then second piece, have you had an opportunity or is
there any interest on the part of Air Products to explore acquisition of any
assets that might be cast off from a potential combination between Praxair and
Linde? Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, that's a very good question. The reason
that we mentioned Mexico is because there is -- Mexico is a country which has
significant oil and gas resources and we see a lot of opportunities there for
us in terms of hydrogen, nitrogen, and all of that kind of stuff, related to
the oil industry. The second thing is obviously the country has a big population.
There is a lot of opportunities there.

In terms of increasing our share in Cryoinfra, we have very
good partners there. We work with them. Obviously, we always have the ambition
of having a situation where we can consolidate that acquisition. But that is --
that depends on our partners. We have a very good relationship with them, but
if they ever would want us to increase our share, we will be more than happy to
do that. Okay?

KEVIN MCCARTHY: Any thoughts on Praxair/Linde castoff
assets?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I know you asked me that and I don't want to
go there because I don't want to make any comments about that acquisition.
Things might or might not become available, so I just want to stay away from
that. If they do, obviously we will be interested.

KEVIN MCCARTHY: Understood. And as a follow-up, if I may on
your corporate line, recognizing the dearth of LNG orders, can you perhaps
provide an outlook for run rate there for the balance of the fiscal year,
please?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I think the run rate there is going to be
kind of nothing to write home about, to be perfectly honest. Because LNG, as I
said, it is a core business for us but the degree with which that performance
has come down was a surprise, because we didn't think that everybody will stop
everything, which is what they have done.

KEVIN MCCARTHY: Thank you so much.

OPERATOR: Nils Wallin, CLSA Brokerage.

NILS WALLIN, ANALYST, CLSA: I was hoping to drill down a
little bit more on your volume guidance and the $0.05 headwind. Would you tease
out perhaps where you are seeing the greater weakness than you had a quarter
ago? I was a little bit surprised given your on-site exposure. Was there any
sort of expectation that volumes there might also come down?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, the reason that we are making a comment
on the volume is that the main area we are concerned is in Europe because of
the Brexit. That one, it hasn't had significant effect. People say why are you
worried about that? It hasn't had any significant effect on your business. Of
course it hasn't had any significant business because nothing has been done. A
lot is going on. UK hasn't even announced that they are going to have a Brexit
and they haven't invoked Article 50 yet. What we are concerned about, when they
actually do that and they do give notice, how would the markets react? So that
is what we are being cautious about.

NILS WALLIN: Fair enough. And then just on Yingde, I know
that there's been a lot of discussion around the growth in China. Obviously it
looks like a cheap asset, but is there anything else strategically that you are
seeing? Clearly, they were not builders of their own assets. Is there
operational opportunities that you believe are available there?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, obviously since they are not building
their own asset, that would be a great thing for us. Because then the next
plant and the next plant that they would win will be built by Air Products. So
we see significant opportunity there and they are a good company. They have a
lot of respect for their people. They have very good people and we think that
the combination of them and Air Products will be very good for the employees.
It will be good for our customers, because -- and it will give us a better
position in China. So there's a lot of positives there.

NILS WALLIN: Thanks very much.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you and we are on top of the hour, so
we will take one more question and then we end the call. One more question,
please.

OPERATOR: Mike Harrison, Seaport Global Securities.

MIKE HARRISON, ANALYST, SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES: Thanks
for sneaking me in here. Seifi, I know the chart on slide 8 is your favorite,
but it could lead some observers to conclude that maybe margins have plateaued
here. I know that there is some natural gas impact in there that would make the
margin better and it's obviously been a very challenging environment, but how
confident are you that you can get the Company back to a positive margin
trajectory in what you see is a challenging demand environment going forward?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'm very happy you ask me that question. Our
goal is that -- in that chart, is that we will have a margin which is higher
than anybody else. I think, at 35% EBITDA margin, I have never made a statement
that there is a lot more room to go. Our goal was to be higher than the other
people, and which we are. So we are not forecasting that that margin will
significantly improve. All of the productivity programs that we have will go on
maintaining that margin because our costs are going up, but we have never
projected that the business has the potential of having much higher margin than
that. But if anybody else's margin goes to 40%, I guarantee you that we will be
shooting for 41%. But quite frankly, I don't see a lot of upside on that
margin.

MIKE HARRISON: All right. And then I was also hoping that
you could comment on the -- your Indura business down in Chile. You mentioned
that it was mostly packaged and hard goods that was driving the weakness down
there. Are we still looking at a business that's primarily packaged gases? Or
have you been successful in expanding the amount of merchant and on-site
business in Chile?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Yes, our business in Indura is challenging
because it is mostly packaged gases business and there is not a lot of
opportunities to turn that around and have a lot of on-sites because there is
not a lot of on-site opportunities in Chile. So, we do have an issue there. I
would like, since Corning is responsible for that, I would like him to make
some comments on that.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, so maybe just to put a broader picture
on the whole South American situation. Keep in mind when we look at our volumes
and how they might compare, first of all, it's a clean quarter for us. We had
no substantial new plants coming on in this time frame. And also we are much
more focused on Chile. But we also have Colombia in our business and Brazil is
there for us as well. We are primarily packaged gases. Packaged gases have been
impacted more. Maybe just for what it's worth, our liquid bulk volumes in South
America are positive for us in this quarter, so it's not like we are without
momentum in that space.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Okay, Mike, anything else?

MIKE HARRISON: That's it. Thanks very much.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, thank you very much. Then with that I
would like to thank everybody for being on the call today. Again, thanks for
taking time from your very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We
appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you
again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the best. Thank you.

OPERATOR: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your
participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012717a7435884.784










 EXECUTIVES (91%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (73%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (69%); ECONOMIC GROWTH (68%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (58%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

VERSUM MATERIALS INC (52%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (90%); DEUT (JSE) (58%);
DBK (FRA) (58%); DBK (BIT) (58%); DBETN (JSE) (58%); DB (NYSE) (58%); JPM
(NYSE) (57%); JPM (LSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE)
(57%); VSM (NYSE) (52%)










 CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INDUSTRIAL
GASES (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (89%)










 March 27, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
27, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 9887 words

Corporate Participants

* Simon Moore

 and 

. -
VP of IR

* Seifi Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
SVP & CFO

* Corning Painter

 and 

. -
EVP of Industrial Gases

Conference Call Participants

* Chris Evans

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Duffy Fischer

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Vincent Andrews

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup - Analyst

* David Begleiter

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Jeff Zekauskas

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Christopher Parkinson

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Kevin McCarthy

Vertical Research Partners - Analyst

* John Roberts

UBS - Analyst

* Mike Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst

* James Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Don Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

* Michael Harrison

Seaport Global Securities - Analyst

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Air Products &
Chemicals fourth-quarter earnings release conference call. Today's conference
is being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright to by Air Products and all rights are reserved. Beginning today's
call will be Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor Relations.

SIMON MOORE, VP OF IR, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.:
Thank you, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' fourth-quarter
2016 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our
Chairman, President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer; and Corning Painter, Air Products' Executive Vice
President responsible for Industrial Gases. After our comments we will be
pleased to take your questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at AirProducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking
statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and in today's earnings release.

As you know, on October 1 Air Products completed the spinoff
of Electronic Materials as Versum Materials. And we continue to make progress
on the sale of Performance Materials to Evonik. The Q4 and FY16 full-year
results we are sharing today include both EMD and PMD in continuing operations.

Our guidance for Q1 and FY17 does not include EMD and we
have provided forward guidance both with and without the PMD business. You will
see that we also provided an estimate of the comparable prior year quarter and
full-year Air Products results. We continue to evaluate the progress of the PMD
sale to determine when we will report PMD in discontinued operations. Now I am
pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you
for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today. We do
appreciate your interest in Air Products. I am very pleased to report that our
team at Air Products delivered another quarter and another year of excellent
results. Despite the sluggish economic growth worldwide and continued currency
headwinds, our team stayed focused on executing our strategic Five-Point Plan.

For the year we have delivered what we had promised you a
year ago. We had earnings per share of $7.55, which is up 14% over last year
and $0.05 higher than the top end of the initial guidance range we provided you
last October. As for the quarter, we delivered record earnings per share of
$2.01, which is up $0.10 over last year and is the ninth consecutive quarter
that Air Products has reported double-digit earnings per share growth.

I think it is important to note that we have been
consistent. For the year we also improved our margins by 400 basis points and
our return on capital employed increased 180 basis points to 13.8%.

I want to thank the people of Air Products for coming
together to prove that they have the determination and the capability to
deliver outstanding results and move our Company forward to continue to be the
best in the industry.

Now please turn to slide number 3. Our safety performance
for the year showed improvement over last year. That is good news. However, I
do believe that the only acceptable goal for us is zero accidents and
incidents. We have the responsibility to our employees and their families to
ensure that everybody goes home every day with no injury or incident. At Air
Products safety is the responsibility of everyone.

Now please turn to slide number 4 which was the
reconfirmation of our overall goal for the Company. We are determined to become
the safest and the most profitable industrial gas Company in the world,
providing excellent service to our customers.

Now please turn to slide number 5. Here you can again see
our overall management philosophy. We believe strongly that cash generation is
what drives long-term value. We believe that what counts in the long-term is
the increase in per share value of our stock, not the size of our Company or
growth rates.

In addition, Air Products has a significant amount of cash
and the effective deployment of that cash is one of my most important
responsibilities as the CEO of the Company.

Now please turn to slide number 6, our Five-Point Plan that
we announced two years ago. Our strong performance is a direct result of our
focus on executing this Plan. The first point of Plan is our focus on
industrial gases, our core business.

In September 2015 we announced plans to spin off our
Material Technology business and we said that we expected to complete that
spinoff by end of fiscal year 2016, which was the end of September of this
year. Although we changed the scope of this spin-off earlier this year, I'm
very pleased to say that many people at Air Products worked very hard to make
this happen and now Versum is a successful standalone Company trading on the
New York Stock Exchange as of October 1.

We continue to make progress on the sale of our Performance
Materials to Evonik. And consistent with what we have said before, we are still
targeting to close this transaction before the end of this calendar year.

I truly believe this is excellent for the employees of the
three companies; Air Products will be focused on its core Industrial Gases
business and will grow in the future. PMD employees will be core to a world
class material Company at Evonik and Versum Materials employees are now an
independent best-in-class electronic materials Company. And because these are
the right strategic moves I firmly believe these actions will also create
shareholder value in the long-term.

We also continue to work hard on the fourth point of our
Plan, the responsible use of cash and eliminating unnecessary work. Our robust
process to review every capital investment of more than $3 million means that
we have visibility and control to ensure that we earn a minimum expected return
of 10% on all of our projects.

We continue to enjoy a strong backlog of projects that will
deliver volume, revenue and earnings growth over the next few years. I am very
optimistic about the growth potential for our core Industrial Gases business,
especially opportunities in the large oxygen and hydrogen plants.

Now please turn to slide number 7 where you can see the
result of this quarter and the fiscal year for our three key metrics. Once
again for the third consecutive quarter we are proud to have achieved our goal
to be the most profitable Industrial Gas Company in the world as measured by
each of these three metrics. We remain focused on driving further improvement
as we move forward.

Now please turn to slide number 8. Here you can see a
summary of our performance for the year. Scott will go through the details, but
I just want to point out that despite lower sales due to lower energy and
currency we improved EBITDA margin by over 400 basis points, increased EPS by
14% and return on capital employed is up 180 basis points to 13.8%.

The operational improvement actions we have taken this year
and the benefit of restructuring actions we took last year enabled us to
deliver these strong results despite the weak worldwide economy and continued
currency headwinds.

Now please turn to slide number 9, my favorite slide, where
you can see our quarterly progress. As you will note, we have improved our
EBITDA margin by more than 900 basis points in the last 2.5 years.

On slide number 10 you can see several of our fiscal year
accomplishments, the worldwide team at Air Products delivered strong financial
results while staying focused on bringing very large projects on-stream
successfully, winning new projects, spinning off Versum Materials and working
towards closing the sale of PMD to Evonik. A great example of the commitment
and focused effort of the people at Air Products. Once again I thank all of
them for their contribution.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning and Simon
to make some closing remarks and then we will be pleased to answer your
questions. Scott?

SCOTT CROCCO, SVP & CFO, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS,
INC.: Thank you very much, Seifi. I would like to make a few additional
comments on our fiscal 2016 results before discussing our fourth quarter.
Please turn to slide 11.

In summary for the year productivity drove significant
profit growth despite modest volume growth and currency headwinds. Total sales
declined 4% driven by unfavorable currency and energy pass-through impacts of
3% each while underlying sales increased by 2% driven by higher volumes in
Gases Asia and our Jazan sale of equipment project in Saudi Arabia.

Operating income increased 16%. Operating margin was up 400
basis points to 23.1% and EBITDA margin was up 420 basis points to 34.4% driven
primarily by better cost performance. Only 50 basis points of the operating
margin increase came from lower energy pass-throughs. Diluted EPS increased by
14% and our return on capital employed improved by 180 basis points to 13.8%.

On slide 12 we show you our distributable cash flow of more
than $11 per share. We believe this measure, more than EPS, is the true measure
of the wealth we are creating for our shareholders. As a result of our strong
performance in FY16, our distributable cash flow increased by $200 million or
9%. This combined with lower growth capital spending in FY16 generated free
cash flow of over $900 million, which is up $500 million over last year.

Now please turn to slide 13 to review our full-year EPS.
Year-on-year EPS growth of $0.95 or 14% was driven primarily by lower costs and
improved pricing net of raw material costs. Volume growth in Gases Asia was
largely offset by economic weakness in Latin America and Europe. And in our
sale of equipment businesses higher Jazan project revenue was more than offset
by lower activity in LNG and our other sale of equipment businesses.

Price mix improvement of $0.29 was delivered by Gases
Americas, Gases Europe and Materials Technologies. And cost contributed $0.94
as focused productivity actions in all our segments more than offset inflation.
This was more than enough to overcome unfavorable currency and foreign exchange
headwinds of $0.16 and $0.11 unfavorable from items below operating income
detailed on the slide.

Now please turn to slide 14 for a more detailed review of
our Q4 results. Sales of $2.5 billion increased 1% versus last year as higher
volumes more than offset lower energy pass-through and unfavorable currency
impacts of 1% each. Volumes were 3% higher primarily due to continued progress
on our Jazan products. Somewhat offsetting Jazan is softness in LNG and our
other sale of equipment businesses as existing projects are completed while
less new projects are added to the backlog.

In other areas volumes continue to be higher in Gases Asia
but were offset by economic weakness in Latin America and Europe. Materials
Technology volumes rebounded nicely this quarter. Pricing was largely unchanged
versus prior year. We delivered significant operating leverage again this
quarter as EBITDA of $855 million improved by 9% and operating income of $584
million improved by 13%.

EBITDA margin of 34.7% and operating margin of 23.7%
improved by 250 and 260 basis points respectively as we continue to execute on
our Five-Point Plan. All three regional Industrial Gas segments and Materials
Technologies improved margins again this quarter. Lower energy pass-through
only contributed about 20 basis points to the operating margin improvement.
Versus prior year net income increased by 11% and earnings per share grew 10%.

Now please turn to slide 15. You have heard Seifi and I talk
about our focus on cash flow, so we were pleased to see that our free cash flow
was $264 million this quarter, up $138 million versus last year due to higher
EBITDA and lower growth CapEx.

Turning to slide 16, you can see an overview of this
quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I comment on our
Q4 operating performance I'd like to spend a moment on the non-GAAP items that
total $0.17 per share or $44 million pretax. We saw Materials Technologies
separation costs of $23 million for legal and advisory fees and tax costs. And
we recorded a loss on early debt retirement of $7 million as part of our debt-for-debt
exchange to facilitate the Versum spinoff.

Also included this quarter is $14 million for position
eliminations and pension settlement costs. We expect to see cost action and
pension settlement costs continue through next year. Further actions will be
part of the second $300 million of operational improvements and other actions
to offset stranded costs from our decision to divest Materials Technologies.

Further details on all non-GAAP items can be found in an
appendix slide and the footnotes to our earnings release. Excluding these items
our Q4 continuing operations EPS of $2.01 increased $0.18 per share or 10%
versus last year. Volumes increased EPS by $0.06 per share; pricing, energy and
raw materials taken together contributed $0.03; net cost performance was $0.13
favorable primarily driven by our productivity actions.

Currency translation and foreign exchange gains combined was
$0.02 favorable as currency translation impacts were $0.03 unfavorable and
foreign exchange losses from the prior year of $0.05 did not repeat. Interest
expense was $0.03 higher due to lower capitalized interest and a higher tax
rate reduced earnings by $0.02.

And finally I'd like to make a few comments on our September
30 balance sheet. As you know, as part of the Versum spin approximately $1
billion of debt was raised by Versum which was then paid out to Air Products.
This payment came in the form of $550 million in cash and was equal to the
Versum tax basis. And approximately $425 million as part of the debt-for-debt
exchange which we used to retire commercial paper.

This all occurred as planned prior to the end of September.
The net effect of these transactions is that Air Products has $550 million more
cash and approximately $425 million less debt as of September 30.

However, since Versum debt was issued in September but
Versum did not become a separate entity until October 1, Air Products'
consolidated balance sheet includes the Versum debt. As you can see in total
cash is up about $1 billion relative to June 30 in part due to Versum and also
due to cash generation from our business including Jazan.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results I
will turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING PAINTER, EVP OF INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. Fiscal 2016 was another very strong year for
the Industrial Gas business and I would like to thank the entire team around
the world for staying focused on the things we control and in particular for
exceeding our productivity goals.

On slide 17 you can see the significant EBITDA margin
improvement that we delivered in each of our three regional businesses in 2016:
up over 600 basis points in Americas; up over 500 basis points in EMEA; and up
over 250 basis points in Asia. This strong performance was delivered in a
challenging external environment with weak economic conditions and currency
headwinds. We stayed focused on safety and delivered the benefits from our
Taking the Lead productivity program.

As you know our business is inherently local, that is why we
moved to a regional structure and incentive plan two years ago. Every employee,
every distribution truck, every plant matters. The opportunity to improve our
network design touches on all three of these.

For example, we recently announced the startup of a new
liquid plant in Carrington UK. This plant is not just more efficient than the
old plant, it's sized to allow us to consolidate all northwest England liquid
bulk operations in Carrington and close the second older liquifier that was
just 35 miles away. We have made great progress and are even more confident
about our ability to deliver future benefits.

We are also excited to continue our success in winning new
projects. We announced a project in the US and one in South Korea within the
last two weeks.

Now please turn to slide 18 for a review of our Gases
America's fourth-quarter results. Our profit growth and significant margin
expansion was driven by our Taking the Lead productivity efforts across all sub
regions. Sales of $877 million were down 3% versus last year on lower volumes.

Latin American volumes were down close to 10% which lowered
overall America's volumes by 2%. We saw weakness in our packaged gases,
equipment and liquid bulk businesses across most of our key geographies in
Latin America.

North America volumes were lowered overall -- lowered
overall America's volumes by 1% primarily due to a weakness in steel.
Sequential volumes were impacted by planned customer maintenance outages.
Pricing, energy pass-through and currency were all flat versus prior year. We
did see a sequential increase in energy pass-through revenue as natural gas
prices increased.

Operating income of $225 million was up 8% and EBITDA of
$352 million was up 7% versus last year as the benefits of our Taking the Lead
operational improvements more than overcame headwinds from lower volumes.
Operating margin of 25.6% was up 250 basis points and EBITDA margin of 40.1%
was up 350 basis points. Sequentially margins were impacted by higher natural
gas prices and lower volumes.

And as I mentioned, we are excited to have signed an
agreement with the Chemours Company to supply multiple industrial gases to
their titanium dioxide production facility in New Johnsonville, Tennessee. We
will build a new plant expected on stream in the fall of 2018 that will supply
Chemours and also produce additional liquid argon to serve the northern and
central regions of the United States.

Now please turn to slide 19. In our Europe, Middle East and
Africa business the team continues to deliver strong profit growth despite
continued volume weakness and currency headwinds. Versus last year sales of
$414 million were down 10% on 4% lower volumes, a negative 3% impact from lower
energy pass-through and a negative 3% impact from currency.

Liquid volumes were down in all four sub regions with more
than half of the decline due to lower wholesale volumes. Packaged gases demand
was down broadly. Other than the obvious currency impact, we don't believe the
Brexit vote has had much impact on our business this quarter.

Operating income of $98 million was up 8% and EBITDA of $154
million was up 2% as our productivity actions more than offset the currency
headwinds. Operating margin of 23.7% and EBITDA margin of 37.2% were both up
over 400 basis points. Lower energy pass-through improved operating margin by
about 70 basis points meaning that the underlying operating margin was up 330
basis points excluding lower energy pass-through.

Please turn to slide 20, Gases Asia. Volume growth continues
from new plants and our base business while our productivity actions enhance
our profitability. Sales of $449 million were up 5% as volume growth of 7% was
partially offset by a negative 2% currency impact. Roughly two-thirds of the
volume increase was from new plants including an increase in energy
pass-through revenue.

Our merchant business was up mid-single-digits across Asia
and our China retail, LOX/LIN business was again up double-digits as we have
improved the quality of this business. Despite continuing price pressure in
helium there are signs of improvement in the China LOX/LIN business, but we
still expect the overcapacity to remain for some time.

Operating income of $110 million was up 5% and EBITDA of
$172 million was up 4%. The profit growth was slightly muted as we had a
positive on-site customer catch-up payment last year. The increase in energy
pass-through revenue is at [no] margin and we had headwinds from currency and
incentive compensation.

Our productivity programs continue to deliver. Our operating
margin of 24.5% and EBITDA margin of 38.2% were roughly flat versus last year.
Sequentially margins were impacted by higher incentive compensation and higher
seasonal power costs.

Finally, we just announced earlier this week a new air
separation unit in Ulsan, South Korea to support pipeline and merchant demand
growth. We have been serving customers in the region for nearly 30 years and
look forward to continuing our excellent track record.

I will close with a brief comment on the global gases
segment. You will recall that this segment includes most of our air separation
unit, sale of equipment business as well as costs associated with the
Industrial Gas business that are not region specific.

Sales were up as we recognized over $100 million of revenue
from the Jazan ASU sale of equipment this quarter, which more than offset
weakness in small equipment and other ASUs. Segment profits were up as we
recognized profit on the Jazan project. The profit this quarter includes a
cumulative catch up related to project activity during the full year. We do
expect to book revenue and profits for Jazan in FY 2017.

Now please turn to slide 21 and I will turn the call over to
Simon for a comment on our other business results.

SIMON MOORE: Thank you, Corning. As I mentioned earlier, we
completed the spin-off of our electronic materials business as Versum Materials
on October 1 and are making progress on the sale of our Performance Materials
business to Evonik. Both of these businesses are included in Air Products'
continuing operations for Q4 2016.

On slide 21 you can see the Materials Technologies, which
includes both EMD and PMD, continue to show strong results with sales, volumes,
profits and margins all up versus last year.

Please turn to slide 22 for the EMD results as reported within
Air Products. I will make some brief comments and the Versum Materials team
will address their results in more detail when they hold their earnings call.
Sales of $248 million were up 7% on 7% higher volumes driven by strength in
Advanced Materials and Delivery Systems. EBITDA of $83 million was up 5% and
operating income of $70 million was up 11% versus last year.

Now please turn to slide 23 for a review of our PMD results.
Sales of $267 million were up 4% on 8% higher volumes partially offset by 4%
lower price. The positive volume was driven by polyurethane additive strength
in spray, appliance and construction markets as well as epoxy strength in
coatings and nonresidential construction markets.

Specialty additives volumes were flat as stronger coatings
volumes offset weakness due to the temporary shutdown of a specific mining
customer in Brazil. Overall prices were down given broader petrochemical driven
deflation, but this was more than offset by lower raw material costs.

EBITDA of $74 million was up 29% and EBITDA margin of 27.8%
was up 550 basis points. Operating income of $68 million was up 35% and
operating margin of 25.3% was up 580 basis points primarily driven by
productivity and favorable price / raw material balance.

Finally, our corporate segment consists of our LNG and
helium container businesses as well as corporate costs which are not business
specific. Sales were down versus last year on significantly lower LNG project
activity and profits were down as the impact from the lower sales more than
offset lower costs.

As we have said, the lack of customer decisions on new LNG
projects is having a significant impact on our business, about a $0.10 headwind
for FY16. We expect a further approximately $0.25 headwind in FY17 versus FY16.

Now please turn to slide 24 and I will turn the call back
over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. The Air Products team
remains focused on implementing our Five-Point Strategic Plan to move us
forward as the safest and most profitable industrial gas Company in the world.
As you can see, we are providing guidance for first quarter and for fiscal year
2017 on two bases: one is with our PMD business and the second is without the
PMD business.

As I said before, nothing has changed; we continue to make
progress on the sale of PMD and we are still targeting to close before the end
of this calendar year. However, since we are still going through the regulatory
approval process, PMD is not currently in discontinued operations. Therefore we
are providing guidance both including and excluding PMD.

You can see that we have also provided an estimate for
continuing operation EPS results for quarter one fiscal 2016 and total fiscal
year 2016 so that you can compare next year to what we actually achieved last
year.

On the basis that excludes the PMD business, which is our
core Industrial Gas business, our guidance for fiscal year 2017 is for earnings
per share of $6.25 to $6.50, up 9% to 13% over last year. And also on the basis
that excludes PMD for the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 our guidance is for
an earnings per share of $1.40 to $1.50, up 3% to 10% over last year.

We expect our CapEx, excluding any significant acquisition,
to be about $1.2 billion. Our EPS guidance is consistent with this CapEx
guidance, in other words it does not include any acquisitions. And while things
could always change, our guidance also does not include any positive effect
from share repurchase.

I would like to stress these points again. Our guidance is
based on our core Industrial Gases portfolio as it is today; therefore it does
not include any upside from any share repurchase or future acquisitions.

Our fiscal year guidance is consistent with our long-term
goal to improve Air Products' earnings per share by 10% per year over the
long-term. In the last two years we have delivered much more than that and we
are going to strive to continue to deliver 10% earnings per share growth every
year.

And despite the weak economy a key reason we remain
confident we can continue to develop a strong performance is the success of our
$600 million cost improvement program that we announced 2.5 years ago. We have
fully delivered the first $300 million. And in terms of the second $300
million, we delivered over $75 million in 2016, which is twice what we had
promised you before, and we expect to deliver another $100 million of cost
saving in addition to our debt in 2017, again ahead of our previous
commitments.

To wrap up please turn to slide 25 for our priorities as we
move Air Products forward. While we will always stay focused on improving our
existing business, the major restructuring of Air Products is behind us and our
focus is now on profitable growth.

We have the balance sheet capacity now to take advantage of
the very exciting growth opportunities we see including accretive and
complementary acquisitions focused on our core Industrial Gases business and
large projects around the world driven by market demand for more energy,
environmental improvements and emerging market growth.

And since we have had a significant amount of cash at our
disposal we can be successful with these large opportunities while we maintain
our current A credit rating and continue our commitment to grow our dividend
every year.

And finally, we will consider share repurchases if the
market provides a compelling opportunity. Let me say in closing that our people
continue to step up and deliver. I want to sincerely thank them for their
dedication and commitment and the hard work that they are doing every day to
provide excellent service to our customers and make Air Products the best
Industrial Gas Company in the world. Without their efforts we would not have
been able to deliver these results.

And now we would be delighted to answer any questions that
you might have.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). Robert Koort, Goldman
Sachs.

CHRIS EVANS, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Good morning, this is
Chris Evans on for Bob. Impressive guide given it doesn't include the cash
deployment. Could you kind of talk us through the moving pieces that get you
that double-digit core growth?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Yes, absolutely. As I said, we are committed
to deliver an additional $100 million of cost savings, that by itself is about
$0.35. And in addition to that we have new plants that we have built that are
continuing to come on stream, so we will have organic growth.

Therefore the combination of productivity and organic growth
that we see based on the plants that we see coming on stream, that is what
gives us the confidence to deliver the results that we are talking about next
year. Because that means that next year we are not making any assumptions for
any significant economic growth worldwide. We will have a currency headwind.
But we feel very good about our productivity programs.

Our people did a great job in delivering the $75 million
more than that last year. We are confident that we will get that and, on top of
that, with the growth rate that we see we are -- as you know, we have always
been committed to promise what we can deliver and usually deliver more than
what we can promise.

CHRIS EVANS: Thank you. And then obviously can you comment
on the potential impact around the round of consolidation among the global
major gas companies? Do you think the regulatory environment is supportive of
that deal and what would be the impacts if it went through?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, I don't when to comment on what other
people are doing or might do, but Air Products is focused on a strategy which
is based on organic growth and productivity improvement and we will continue to
execute that strategy. What other people might do I don't think it will have
much of an effect on us at all.

CHRIS EVANS: Thanks, Seifi.

OPERATOR: Duffy Fischer, Barclays.

DUFFY FISCHER, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Probably the
biggest question I am getting on you guys lately -- and, Seifi, I would love to
get your color on this -- is obviously assuming that the deal to Evonik goes
through you guys will be sitting on a big pile of cash come next year. How
should we think about your ability to employ that maybe over the proceeding 18
months or so?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, obviously we are committed to do that.
Sitting on top of a little bit of cash for a rainy day is okay, but sitting on
top of $3 billion of cash is obviously not what we intend to do. We do have --
we believe we do have plans to deploy that cash properly. We are not in a hurry
to do that, we are not going to do anything rash, but we feel very good about
that.

DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. And then there has been a part of noise
in China this year around some of the rules and regulations in coal mining; the
number of days they can run plants has changed a couple times. Has that
impacted at all the way you view the long-term coal gasification opportunity or
has that impacted any of the current business you have in that industry?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Look, Duffy, I honestly think that there is a
little bit of confusion about what those rules are. What we see from those we
are close to that, we are on the ground. We see absolutely no effect and
actually we see positive developments.

We are very optimistic about those big projects, we think
they will happen and we don't see anything in the Chinese government policy
that would affect the kind of things that we want to do in terms of clean coal
and coal gasification in China.

DUFFY FISCHER: Terrific. Thank you, fellas.

OPERATOR: Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT ANDREWS, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: So, in Latin
America you called out some weakness and then also EMEA had minus 4% volume
growth. It seemed like those were a little bit weaker sequentially than at
least we thought. Can you just talk about what dynamics are there and what
might have changed particularly I guess on Europe and the minus 4% volume?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Absolutely, I think I would like Corning to
address that. Corning, please.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, thank you. So as I said in my
comments, the big challenge there was in the liquid bulk area. If we think
about the merchant business there is two spaces, packaged gases and liquid
bulk. Packaged gases for some time has been impacted just by slowing
construction activity, metals, fab.

But we saw a drop off in this quarter in liquid bulk larger
for us than what we had in packaged gases. But more than 50% of that was in
wholesale volumes. And that goes a little bit to our drive to just start
driving an improved quality of our business. And our goal moving forward would
be not to reload that business with wholesale volume, instead shift that to
retail volume for us.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Corning, you might want to also mention about
the effect -- in Europe about the effect of August in terms of sequentially --.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, fair enough. So if we think about in
the purely sequential look as we go through it, you just have to keep in mind
that the holiday season in Europe is in this previous quarter with August. So I
think that is a big part of the drop off there.

If you are looking at the raw numbers you've also got the
impact that has shifted with currency with the Brexit vote, which is the one
part of that that we have seen. But I would say overall you take that through
and you say shifting to more of a retail-based net business I think we are well
positioned there.

VINCENT ANDREWS: So with the drop off in the wholesale
volume should we assume that there is going to be some volume weakness for the
next couple of quarters until you lap that?

CORNING PAINTER: I wouldn't see it -- yes, I wouldn't see
that coming back overnight, agreed.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay thanks very much (multiple speakers).

CORNING PAINTER: (Multiple speakers) pushing that to retail
volume.

OPERATOR: P.J. Juvekar, Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: So for a long time
Industrial Gas executives believed that big M&A is not possible but that
notion is being challenged. Do you have any interest in big M&A or would
you rather sit back and buy any pieces that may come out?

SEIFI GHASEMI: P.J., I don't want to comment on what our
competitors are doing, but we think pursuing big M&A among the four major
industrial gas companies is a foolish idea and we are not going to pursue
foolish ideas. So we are not going to -- we don't have any plans to
participate, we will sit back and if anything happens there certainly will be a
lot of pieces that comes out. We have a lot of cash, that would be kind of
Christmas for us if it happens.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Great. Really thank you for that color. And
then just a quick question -- just a quick question on your CapEx which is
going up in 2017 versus 2016 as you start up some of these projects. What kind
of EPS contribution do you expect on your project in 2017? Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: From the projects that are -- any future
projects that we do, whenever we announce the CapEx you should assume that that
will have a minimum of 10% return. We have made that commitment.

The projects that we have on stream coming on in 2017 will
be a combination of the new projects we have approved, like Big River Steel and
a combination of projects which were approved many years ago. That combination
of the two, as I said, the new ones will have 10% and the old ones will
probably have an average of about 5% return.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Thank you. Very helpful.

OPERATOR: David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.

DAVID BEGLEITER, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Seifi, just looking
again at 2017, in terms of pricing benefits in 2017, how should we think about
those from an EPS perspective?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, David, as you know very well, we
cannot, should not and would not comment on pricing. I think I would be very
hesitant to start giving you any specific number. But you would expect that
with that is one of the things that we do. We are focused on improving
productivity; we are focused on improving our pricing.

And our pricing can improve not only by increasing prices to
cover inflation, but it will improve based on what Corning was talking about in
change of the mix in terms of going from wholesale to direct sale and all of
that. So there is some element of pricing in next year's guidance, yes.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Very good. Just on the deployment of the
cash and the capital. As you bid for these projects are they competitive bid
situations or are they more one-off negotiated transactions you are looking at?

SEIFI GHASEMI: David, I think you should assume that
everything we do is a competitive situation. I don't think that for these large
projects any of the customers would just want to do a private deal with us. But
we are prepared for that; [they] bring a lot of value to our customers not only
in terms of pricing but in terms of all of the other services we provide.

So we are prepared for competition, but we remain for
optimistic that we have an advantage. And we have bought a lot of projects,
some of it unfortunately we cannot announce because our customers would like to
keep that confidential. But we are bidding more than our fair share of projects
in the last two years. I am not worried about that at all.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: By what percentages is
Jazan complete? And for your Indian hydrogen project of 165 million cubic feet
per day, that comes on in phases. How much comes on in 2017?

SEIFI GHASEMI: We expect our projects in India to come on
stream approximately in the first half of -- calendar 2017. So there will be
less than half a year contribution from that project in our 2017 numbers.

As for Jazan, we have made progress and I will be hesitant
to publicly talk about percentage complete. But I can say that we are moving on
plan, on schedule on that project and we are obviously very optimistic and our
people are delivering on that. And we have a great customer in Aramco, they are
being very helpful to us and they are pushing us obviously to get the project
done as soon as possible and we are on plan.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: And for my follow-up, if it turns out in the
course of 2017 there is nothing that you are able to buy and it also turns out
that your share price is flat, would your share price then represent a
compelling opportunity at the end of the year or it wouldn't?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, it depends on what the share price is.
I mean if you are asking me that would we buy shares at $133, I am not sure I
want to comment on that. But -- Jeff, you know better than I do the events in
the world. I mean what is the market going to look like two weeks from now? A
lot of things can happen. So the good thing is that we have the cash and we
will watch what happens.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Okay, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Christopher Parkinson, Credit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Just an
extension of your comments right there. You have obviously spoken about kind of
the key macro and some of the political risks in the context of capital
deployment. But can you just give us an update on how you're actually thinking
about this versus let's say three to six months ago? Are there any changes in
your expectations, overall opportunities or valuations broadly, particularly
outside of the US? Thank you.

OPERATOR: Well, I guess I would have to characterize it that
I am more optimistic than I was six months ago about our ability to deploy the
cash. But I do want to stress that there are certain events in the world that
can change everything upside down.

And I think it is very prudent for us, rather than jumping
in and doing something this minute, to give ourselves a few months to see how
everything settles down with the US election and with the Brexit and all of
that and then we will make the appropriate moves.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON: Thank you. And as a quick follow-up
within the gases in Asia you are seeing some decent volume growth and you are
now holding prices flat on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Can you
just talk a little bit more about the broad drivers in the market specifically,
any changes in merchant capacity and/or strategy that is helping overall
results? Thanks.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Corning, would you like to --?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, so let me answer that. I am not sure
I'm going to go into all of our strategy and want to discuss that in a public
setting, but maybe just to give you a little bit more color to it. So there
remains significant overcapacity in the market and there remains probably over
5,000 to 10,000 tons of capacity that is either under construction or has been idle
or people have delayed start up.

So I think the overcapacity story is there for a while. The
positive thing for us has been for several years now we have made a strong
drive to drive the retail portion of this business. And you can see that has
been working for us and that gives us an improvement on the mix.

All in all I would say the pricing environment in LOX/LIN is
slightly improved. You don't see that in the overall number because of the
impact of helium. I would just say we didn't put that in the prepared comments
because I would really like to see how this plays out a few quarters into the
future before we declare a trend there.

So all in all though I would say that is positive, it is
positive for us to be able to get the retail volume growth. And I think that is
all in all a very good thing for Air Products going forward. A lot of
confidence in the team there.

SEIFI GHASEMI: If I may just add to Corning's comment that
we are very happy to be in China and we think we have a very good future there.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Steve Byrne, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

STEVE BYRNE, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Seifi, you
mentioned in your remarks your pipeline has some large oxygen and hydrogen
opportunities in it. Can you just comment on what portion of those would you
see as stand-alone plants versus potential pipeline bolt-on projects? And how
would you see those opportunities relative to where they have been over the
last few years? Are there more or less and where?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Most of the opportunities that we see are in
US Gulf Coast and in China and some in Europe. Most of the opportunities are --
some of the opportunities are on our pipeline, especially our hydrogen
pipeline. But a lot of the opportunities are stand-alone plants, large plants
supplying significant amount of oxygen and nitrogen to coal gasification
refineries and all of that like the Jazan project. There are not that many
where we are -- as you might say we are hanging on liquid capacity.

STEVE BYRNE: Yes, thank you for that. Just with respect to
your $100 million cost reduction target in fiscal 2017, can you just comment on
what are the key projects here that will be driving that?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Those key projects are under the title of
what we call taking the lead project that Corning has been leading. And they
are absolutely focused on operational improvements in our production and in our
distribution and some in -- those are the main key areas. But I would like to
comment -- Corning to comment -- elaborate on that, please.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, we have tried to in each of the recent
earnings releases just give a concrete example of one thing that we are working
on. The reality of this business though, it is a very distributed business. We
don't have world-class plants where you export all around the world from one
site. We have over 700 plants.

And so it is a business of transactions in many plants and,
as Seifi says, sometimes the 10,000 little things. And so a big part of this is
motivating the team and keeping ourselves focused on executing across those
10,000 things.

I would say the move towards a regional structure has
dramatically improved that including the operating control in the region and
the move to an incentive plan based on that same regional structure has been a
big part of this as well. But all of that together really comes down to just
the commitment of the people and the focus to deliver on this.

SEIFI GHASEMI: If I may just add to that, as we have said
many times before, we do have very detailed programs region by region in terms
of what they need to do. Based on what we accomplished in 2016, I am very
confident that we will deliver at least $100 million next year.

CORNING PAINTER: If I can just jump in on this because this
is a topic we are really happy about. We are all wearing in this room these
buttons right with our four S's, the new culture at Air Products. And we had
those plans just like Seifi talked about and we beat them. And I think it goes
to one of those S's for us is speed.

And those regional teams, we got out of the way, they were
empowered, they were motivated and they went and they got it done. And I think
we are very proud around the world of what these groups have done. But I think
it is a sign of embracing a new culture here at Air Products.

STEVE BYRNE: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Kevin McCarthy, Vertical Research Partners.

KEVIN MCCARTHY, ANALYST, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS: My
question relates to -- with regard to Jazan, what sort of incremental profit
contribution might we expect in fiscal 2017 versus 2016? And perhaps you can
elaborate on the fourth quarter you just reported and the shift from a red
number to a black. I think the press release indicated a cumulative catch up.
Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure. I obviously cannot and should not
comment on the profitability of the Jazan project. For 2017 we do not have a
significant amount of contribution, but there will be some contribution. And
quite honestly it will depend on the exact progress that we make on all of
that. But there will be some.

In 2016 we did not recognize -- although we were recognizing
sales throughout the year, we did not recognize profit because we wanted to get
some kind of a -- more of a sure footing that the project is moving forward.

As you know, there has been a lot of talk about shutting
down projects in Saudi Arabia and all of that and we wanted to make sure that
this project doesn't get canceled and then we would have to divest profit and
all of that. But then by the fourth quarter it became obvious that we have made
enough progress that we should recognize some and that is what we did.

KEVIN MCCARTHY: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: John Roberts, UBS.

JOHN ROBERTS, ANALYST, UBS: How big is electronics now for
the remaining gases business? And were your nitrogen sales to electronics
roughly up in line with the Versum or the EMD volume numbers that you
presented?

SEIFI GHASEMI: The size of that business order of magnitude
is about $0.5 billion and we were up 11%. So we are doing well there.

JOHN ROBERTS: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Mike Sison, KeyBanc.

MIKE SISON, ANALYST, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS: Seifi, when
you gave your outlook for 2017 you highlighted cost of new projects and is
there upside in the event the industrial world does get better? And maybe just
kind of your thoughts, it doesn't sound -- do you think it could get better, is
it stable, is it getting worse? I'm just surprised that you wouldn't add that
as a component a potential growth next year.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, the thing that as compared to -- and I
mean we all operate in the same boat compared to our competitors. I mean we are
delivering double-digit growth while other people are showing negative growth.
So we are doing something right.

With respect to next year, we are -- there is a possibility
that we will do better than what we have given you as a guidance depending on
the economy and all of that. But I just want to remind everybody that we are
dealing with some significant worldwide events that we have to see how they
will develop.

Now we have given you guidance on the basis that, barring
any significant disruption, we will be able to deliver that and that is the way
we operate. Now the economic conditions can get better once the US election is
over and people are not sitting on the fence then, yes, it is possible that we
will do better than that.

But the one thing I can assure you is that we don't operate
on the basis of just delivering the guidance, we do our best to deliver
whatever we can. That is kind of our goal.

MIKE SISON: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: James Sheehan, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

JAMES SHEEHAN, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: A
question on the opportunity to buy captive ASUs. Could you say -- do you think
the multiple for such acquisitions would be higher, lower or the same as other
M&A opportunities? And also could you frame any synergy potential of such
captive ASU acquisitions?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, on that one unfortunately I can't give
you a general answer because it will depend on the specific situations. But
what you said can apply, it can be a specific situation where there is
significant synergies because we already have two plants there and an addition
of another two or three plants will add value.

So sorry that I can't give you a general answer, but you can
be rest assured that we will only do those if they are in line with our goal of
getting return on our -- on the capital that we employ which is not less than
10%.

JAMES SHEEHAN: Great and can you also give us a sense for
any stranded costs that you still have in 2017? What the timeframe would be for
eliminating those and how they affect the cadence of your earnings progression
in 2017?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, we have said that those stranded costs
could be in the order of magnitude of $20 million. They have programs for
eliminating those in the next year and a half. And our guidance obviously
reflects that those costs are still with us and we need to work to eliminate
those.

JAMES SHEEHAN: Thank you, Seifi.

OPERATOR: Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial.

DON CARSON, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP: A question
on your FX assumptions within your guidance. Currency was a $0.16 drag in
fiscal 2016. You have got some sterling exposure. Just wondering what kind of a
headwind you are assuming in your 2017 guidance.

SEIFI GHASEMI: I think the number is about $0.05, but the
expert on this is Scott. So, Scott --.

SCOTT CROCCO: Yes that is a tall order. Hi, Don. So just to
remind everybody how we look at currency -- we don't try to speculate, we take
the latest rates and we just project that forward. So when we do that from
where we are today into 2017 and then compare full-year 2017 against 2016 we
would have a headwind of about $0.05 to $0.10. That is for the full year.

And then on a quarter basis we do the same approach, just
move things sideways. We would have in the first quarter both sequentially as
well as versus prior year in Q1 about a $0.01 to $0.02 headwind principally
driven by the pound.

DON CARSON: And then on the project, Seifi, you mentioned that
you are still working through some projects that were signed before you
arrived. Are those pretty much over by the end of 2017? And what is the total
-- where does the backlog stand today versus where it was at the beginning of
fiscal 2016?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, we have a detailed chart on this thing
on the slides that we have -- yes, slide 28. So you can see -- and I am sure
you know very well which ones are signed before and which ones were signed
after. They will not all be over in 2017 because some of them are delayed and
it will drag on into 2018 also.

DON CARSON: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Michael Harrison, Seaport Global Securities.

MICHAEL HARRISON, ANALYST, SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES: Seifi,
you mentioned that you felt like you were gaining or winning more than your
fair share of new projects in large on-site business. I was wondering if you
can talk about the North American merchant business and what you are seeing in
terms of new account growth there. And in particular can you maybe comment on what
the core LOX/LIN volume looked like in the quarter and what the outlook is for
fiscal 2017?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure, I think Corning can answer that very
easily. Corning?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, thank you for the question. So
LOX/LIN, if we are going to look at that, which let's just say it is the most
generic product, goes into the largest number of industries, it was probably
the best sort of bellwether of everything. Year on year that was flat for us.
However, sequentially we were up about 2%, so showing some positive momentum
there.

Even in that year-on-year flat however, I would say that
during the course of the year we did make some adjustments in our portfolio as
part of our Take the Lead program. We also had one situation, not exactly the
same as Carrington that I talked about, but where we did shut down a liquifier
and were able to shift load around, but it also involved shedding some
customers.

So all in all, I think perhaps the best indication is just
the sequential moving forward which gave us 2%. And I see that as a net
positive for us and I think a pretty good reflection of what is going on in
North America.

MICHAEL HARRISON: All right, and then you mentioned that
within the corporate segment that LNG business was going to be a $0.25 EPS
headwind next year. Is there anything that could change in the market that
could swing that? Or do you have pretty good visibility based on the projects
that are in the pipeline now that that is going to be weaker no matter what
happens?

SEIFI GHASEMI: No, I think the guidance that we have given
you about $0.25 is based on what we see. But there are things that can happen
that can change that because a lot of these projects, we have won the projects,
but the oil and gas companies have put a hold on them, as you know very well,
because of the situation.

They can change -- if the oil prices significantly change
they can change their mind, they can release those and therefore we [can] start
working on them. So the possibility of that I don't see being great, but it is
possible, yes. But the $0.25 is real and it is based on what we have.

So I am glad you brought that up because if you take that
$0.25 into account, then we are actually giving you pretty good guidance in
terms of growth next year. But that is based on what we see right now.

MICHAEL HARRISON: Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Laurence Alexander, Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Congratulations,
you have got a pretty good engine going now with this business.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: A longer-term question, as your business
mix continues to shift towards being more and more on-site, have you had any
indication from either your large customers or from the rating agencies that
their tolerance for leverage would change given the better more stable mix of
the business?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, that is something that we are hoping
that would be the case, but we have to wait and see. But we are pushing toward
more on-site because then you get a more stable revenue growth and a more stable
profitability. But we are paying attention to all parts of our business,
whether it is large on-site, our merchant business and our packaged gases
business in the areas of the world where we are strong.

So we are not neglecting any part of the business but the
trend seems to be more towards the large on-sites. And obviously if we win one
of those projects it adds a lot to that part of the business.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: And then just lastly, are you seeing --
as you have [these] discussions with customers about the next cycle of projects
2018, 2020 and so on, it looks as if the size of projects just keeps getting
larger. I mean could we get to the point where you are seeing sort of one-off
$500 million to $1 billion project agreements?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, I can actually see bigger than that.
There are projects where you would -- like Jazan $2 billion, and there are
projects that might require $4 billion. So you are right, the trend is toward
larger projects and that is why having the balance sheet that you can do those
projects becomes very important.

And that has been our target because we saw that trend
before and that is one of the reasons that we wanted to restructure and make
sure that Air Products has a bulletproof, solid balance sheet that we can take
on those megaprojects. You are very right about that.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: Got it. Okay, thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Okay with that I would like to thank
everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your busy
schedule, especially today with all of the announcements, to listen to our
presentation. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to discussing our
results with you again next quarter. Have a very nice day and all the best.
Thank you.

OPERATOR: And again that will conclude today's conference.
We thank you for your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102716a6113806.706










 EXECUTIVES (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (72%); ANNUAL FINANCIAL RESULTS (72%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS
(70%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

AIR PRODUCTS SA (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

CITIGROUP INC (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%);

VERSUM MATERIALS INC (52%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (90%); C (NYSE) (57%); C
(BMV) (57%); 8710 (TSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE)
(57%); DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%);
DB (NYSE) (57%); VSM (NYSE) (52%)










 CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INDUSTRIAL
GASES (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (89%)










 April 18, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
28, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 9195 words

Corporate Participants

* Simon Moore

 and 

. -
VP, IR

* Seifi Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President, and CEO

* Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
SVP and CFO

* Corning Painter

 and 

. -
EVP, Industrial Gases

* Guillermo Novo

 and 

. -
EVP, Materials Technologies

* George Bitto

 and 

. -
VP of Finance, Materials Technologies

Conference Call Participants

* Duffy Fischer

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Christopher Parkinson

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* David Begleiter

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* PJ Juvekar

Citigroup - Analyst

* Jim Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Chris Evans

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* Vincent Andrews

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Stephen Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Nils Wallin

CLSA Americas, LLC - Analyst

* John Roberts

UBS - Analyst

* Don Carson

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

* Laurence Alexander

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals third-quarter earnings release conference call. Today's conference is
being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products, and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON MOORE, VP, IR, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank
you, Ron. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' third-quarter 2016
earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. I'm pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our
Chairman, President, and CEO; Scott Crocco, our CFO; and our senior business
leaders. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and at the end of
today's earnings release.

During the call today, we will provide a progress update on
the sale of Performance Materials to Evonik and the spinoff of Electronic
Materials as Versum Materials. The quarterly results we are sharing today and
our guidance for fourth-quarter EPS includes both PMD and EMD in continuing
operations. We continue to evaluate the progress of both transactions to
determine when to report these businesses in discontinued operations.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, AND CEO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you
for taking time from your busy schedule to be on our call today. We do
appreciate your interest in Air Products.

First, let me introduce the members of our team who are on
the call. In addition to Simon, I have Mr. Scott Crocco, our Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Corning Painter, Air Products'
Executive Vice President responsible for Industrial Gases; Mr. Guillermo Novo,
Air Products' Executive Vice President in charge of our Materials Technologies
business, who will be the future CEO of Versum Materials; and Mr. George Bitto,
Vice President, Finance for Materials Technologies who will be the future CFO
of Versum Materials. All of us will be participating in the call and in
answering your questions.

I am very pleased to report that our team at Air Products
delivered another set of excellent results this quarter. Despite the sluggish
economic growth worldwide and continued currency headwinds, our team stayed
focused on executing our strategic five-point plan. We delivered earnings per
share of $1.92, which is up 16% over last year, and it is the eighth
consecutive quarter that Air Products has reported double-digit earnings per
share growth.

We also improved our EBITDA margin by more than 300 basis
points, and our return on capital employed increased 200 basis points to 13.5%.
I do want to thank the people of Air Products for coming together to prove that
they have the determination and the capability to deliver outstanding results
and move our Company forward to be the best in the industry.

As we move closer to the sale of our Performance Materials
division to Evonik and the tax-free spinoff of our Electronic Materials
division, now called Versum, to our shareholders, we see great opportunities
ahead to win key projects and invest in our core industrial gases business so
that we grow Air Products in the years to come.

Now please turn to slide number 3. Our quarter-three safety
performance was better than last year and last quarter. But I do want to
mention that the only acceptable goal for us is zero accidents. We have the
responsibility to our employees and their families to ensure that everybody goes
home after a hard day of work with no injuries or incidents. At Air Products,
safety is the responsibility of every single employee.

Now please turn to slide number 4, which is the statement of
our overall goal for the Company. We are determined to become the safest and
most profitable industrial gas Company in the world, providing excellent
service our customers. We have made great progress on the profitability side,
and I'm confident that we can focus and continue to improve our performance on
the safety side.

Now please turn to slide number 5. Here you can again see
our overall management philosophy. We believe strongly that cash generation is
what drives long-term value. We believe that what counts in the long-term is
the increase in per-share value of our stock, not the size of our Company or
growth rates. In addition, Air Products generates a significant amount of cash,
and the effective deployment of that cash is one of my most important
responsibilities as the CEO of the Company.

Now, please turn to slide number 6, our five-point plan. Our
strong performance this quarter and in the previous quarters is a direct result
of our focus on executing our five-point plan. The first point of the plan is
our focus on industrial gases, our core business, and therefore we are in the
process of divesting our non-core businesses.

Scott, Guillermo, and George will provide you details, but
we are making great progress on the sale of Performance Materials to Evonik,
and we expect that the deal will close before the end of this calendar year.
And we are well on our way to the tax-free spinoff of Electronic Materials to
our shareholders at Versum Materials.

These transactions will be excellent for the employees of
all three companies. Air Products will be focused on its core industrial gases
business, PMD employees will be core to a world-class materials company at
Evonik, and EMD employees will be an independent best-in-class Electronic
Materials company. And because these are the right strategic moves, I firmly
believe that these actions will also create shareholder value in the long term.

We also continue to work hard on the fourth point of our
plan: the responsible use of cash and eliminating unnecessary work. Our robust
process to review every capital investment of more than $3 million means we
have visibility and control to ensure we earn a minimum expected return of 10%
on all of our new projects.

We continue to enjoy a strong backlog of projects that will
deliver volume, revenue, and earnings growth over the next few years. I am very
optimistic about the growth potential of our core industrial gases business,
especially opportunities in large on-site oxygen and hydrogen plants. In
addition, the separation of PMD and EMD from Air Products will leave about $20
million of stranded cost at Air Products. We are committed to eliminating
additional work to offset these costs within a year of closing the transactions
I mentioned.

Now please turn to slide number 7 for a summary of our
results for the quarter. Scott will take you through the details, but I want to
emphasize that the operational improvement actions we have taken this year and
the benefits of restructuring actions we took last year enabled us to deliver
these strong results despite the weak worldwide economy and continued currency
headwinds.

Now please turn to slide number 8. You can see quarter by
quarter our progress during the last two years. You will note that we have
improved our EBITDA margin by more than 900 -- yes, 900 -- basis points. This
single chart is a great example of the focused effort of the people at Air
Products. Once again, I thank all of them for their contribution.

Now please turn to slide number 9. This single slide again
truly captures the essence of what the people of Air Products have achieved.
Two years ago we announced that our collective goal was to be the most
profitable industrial gas Company in the world as measured by each of these
financial metrics. The conventional wisdom at the time was that it could not be
done -- that Air Products did not have the portfolio of businesses or so-called
density to achieve this goal. But the people of Air Products rolled up their
sleeves, went to work, and said, yes we can.

So today, Air Products has the best EBITDA margin in the
industry at 34.2%, the highest EBIT margin in the industry at 23%, and the
highest return-on-capital-employed margin at 13.5%. Every single one of our
19,000 people have contributed to moving us forward to be the best in the
industry. And let me tell you, our people are determined to maintain our
leading position in the years to come.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our quarterly
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning,
Guillermo, George, and Simon to make some closing remarks. And then we will be
delighted to answer your questions. Scott?

SCOTT CROCCO, SVP AND CFO, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.:
Thank you very much, Seifi. Before I discuss our quarterly results, let me
provide you with an update on the two transactions Seifi mentioned. In summary,
things are proceeding as we expected.

First, the sale of PMD to Evonik: we said we expect to close
this transaction by the end of calendar 2016, and we are working hard to meet
that goal, subject to the various required approvals. We are working closely
with Evonik on antitrust and other critical steps and are moving as quickly as
possible.

Second is the spinoff of EMD as Versum Materials. We said we
are targeting to separate the EMD business from Air Products by September and
to spin off Versum as an independent publicly traded company in October. We are
working hard to meet this goal, including completing a variety of legal entity
separations and tax activity. George will talk about an important step in this
process, the filing of the Form 10, which we did last week.

And while no one can predict what will happen in the
markets, we are comfortable that, at least today, the markets would be
conducive to proceeding with the spin. So although we have a lot more work to
do, at this point, subject to the timing of obtaining regulatory approval, we
are optimistic we will be ready to execute the spinoff in October.

Now please turn to slide 10. For our third quarter, sales of
$2.4 billion decreased 1% versus last year on lower energy pass-through and
unfavorable currency impacts of 3% and 2%, respectively. Volumes were 4%
higher, primarily due to our Jazan project.

In other areas, volumes continued to be higher in Gases Asia
and North America, offset by economic weakness in South America and Europe.
Pricing was unchanged, as positive pricing in Gases Americas and Europe was
offset by lower pricing in Asia and Performance Materials due to lower raw
material costs.

We delivered significant operating leverage again this
quarter as EBITDA of $833 million improved by 10%, and operating income of $560
million improved by 16% despite the lower sales. EBITDA margin of 34.2% and
operating margin of 23% both improved by 340 basis points as we continued to
execute on our five-point plan. All three regional industrial gas segments and
Materials Technologies delivered margin improvement.

Lower energy pass-through only contributed about 50 basis
points to the operating margin improvement. Excluding the impact of energy
pass-through, operating margin improved about 290 basis points, primarily from
the benefit of self-help actions we've taken and a modest benefit from price
and lower raw material costs.

Versus prior year, net income increased by 17%, and earnings
per share grew 16%. And we continue to improve our return on capital employed,
which increased 200 basis points to 13.5% on our higher profitability.

Now please turn to slide 11. You've heard Seifi and I talk
about our focus on cash flow, so we are pleased to see that our free cash flow
was $191 million this quarter, up $95 million versus last year due to higher
EBITDA and lower growth CapEx. As a reminder, from a timing perspective, it is
not unusual for items to move around quarter to quarter, particularly
maintenance capital and cash taxes.

Turning now to slide 12, you can see an overview of this
quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I comment on our
Q3 operating performance, I'd like to spend a moment on the non-GAAP items that
totaled $0.29 per share.

We incurred Materials Technologies separation costs of $10
million or $0.04 per share, primarily for legal and other advisory fees. As a
result of our decision to separate MT, we declared a dividend to repatriate
$444 million from a subsidiary in South Korea, resulting in an income tax cost
of $46 million or $0.21 per share. We have recognized this book cost in Q3,
because that's when the decision was made; however, the cash flow impact will
be seen in Q4 when we actually pay the tax.

And as I mentioned last quarter, we have completed the
actions associated with our first $300 million of restructuring, and now we are
focused on our second $300 million of operational improvements. We incurred a
$15 million or $0.04 per share charge associated with these operational
improvement actions, and this included a $1 million pension settlement charge.

Excluding these items, our Q3 continuing operations EPS of
$1.92 increased $0.26 per share or 16% versus last year. The impact from
volumes increased EPS by $0.01 per share. Pricing versus raw materials taken
together contributed $0.04, partially driven by lower raw material costs.

Net cost performance was $0.25 favorable, in part due to the
benefit of our operational improvements and from last year's restructuring
actions. Cost performance also benefited about $0.15, primarily from lower
incentive compensation and lower pension costs.

Currency was $0.05 unfavorable, as many currencies weakened
against the dollar. As a reminder, for gases our currency exposure is primarily
translation, as the vast majority of our products are made and sold in the same
currency.

Equity affiliate income was unchanged. Interest expense was
$0.02 higher, primarily due to lower capitalized interest. Taxes were modestly
lower, contributing $0.01 to earnings.

For the year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be
in the 24% to 25% range, though likely closer to 25%. Non-controlling interest
was $0.03 favorable, primarily due to our increased ownership position in
Indura. And finally, higher shares outstanding reduced our diluted EPS by
$0.01.

Now, to begin the review of our business segment results,
I'll turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING PAINTER, EVP, INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. I am pleased to present another quarter of very
strong results and would like to thank the entire industrial gases team around
the world for staying focused on the things we control. Our commitment to
driving operational productivity while staying focused on safety allowed us to
overcome currency headwinds and challenging economic conditions to deliver
another great quarter.

In addition, we are very excited that we continue to compete
for and win key projects that will support Industrial Gases' growth into the
future. Just last week we announced a new plant to provide ultrahigh purity
gases to customers in the Pukou Economic Development Zone in Nanjing, China.
The Pukou Economic Development Zone is a state-level park that will be home to
semiconductor and other high-tech manufacturing. In fact, the world's leading
semiconductor foundry recently announced an investment of $3 billion for a new
300-millimeter wafer fab in this park, scheduled to commence production of
16-nanometer technology in 2018.

We are very encouraged by the progress we have made on our
Taking the Lead operational improvement initiatives. We've seen positive
results across all regions and are encouraged by the actions and the behaviors
that will enable us to deliver our second $300 million commitment. For example,
to improve distribution efficiency, we are optimizing delivery parameters such
as outbound and inbound weight, customer delivery restrictions, and tank
sizing. Many teams impact distribution efficiency, and our regional incentive
plan helps to align their efforts.

Now please turn to slide 13 for a review of our Gases
Americas results. Our double-digit EBITDA and operating income improvements
were driven by our combined focus on self-help operational improvements and the
benefits of last year's restructuring action.

Sales of $832 million were down 7% versus last year as the
pass-through of lower energy prices reduced sales by 5% and currency reduced
sales by 2%. Overall Americas volumes were down 1%, as Latin America volumes,
being down midteens, negatively impacted overall Americas by 2%.

We saw weakness in our packaged gases, equipment, and
liquid/bulk businesses across most of our key geographies in Latin America. In
contrast, North America volumes were up, contributing a positive 1% to our
overall Americas volume, as we saw the benefit of our new hydrogen plant in
Canada and strong hydrogen demand in the US Gulf Coast. The new Canadian plant
is running well, and we anticipate increased profit contributions from this
plant as an additional customer comes onstream in late 2017.

Overall LOX/LIN volumes were down. I'd like to make three
points on this. First, same-customer volumes year on year were up slightly.
Second, we are beginning to lap last year's decline in the oilfield services
business; however, this is still a headwind for us this quarter. And third, we
have not yet seen an improvement in the steel business.

Pricing was up 1%, with particular success in Latin America.
Operating income of $235 million was up 14%, and EBITDA of $362 million was up
11% versus last year as the benefits of our operational improvements and
restructuring actions more than overcame headwinds from lower volumes, currency
and lower energy pass-through.

We set another record operating margin, this time of 28.2%
-- up over 500 basis points -- and another record EBITDA margin of 43.5%, up
700 basis points. Lower energy pass-through accounted for about 100 basis
points, meaning that the underlying operating margin was up over 400 basis points,
excluding the lower energy pass-through.

Now please turn to slide 14. For our Europe, Middle East,
and Africa business, we continue to see our operational improvements,
restructuring, and price actions more than offsetting volume weakness and
currency headwinds as EBITDA and operating margins again set new records, both
up over 500 basis points.

Versus last year, sales of $427 million were down 6% due to
a negative 5% impact from lower energy pass-through and a negative 1% currency
impact. Underlying sales were flat, with volumes down 1% on weakness in the
UK/Ireland and in Central Europe, partially offset by a slight positive demand
in Southern Europe. Given the timing of the Brexit vote, we don't believe it
impacted this quarter, but uncertainty has clearly increased going forward.

Prices were up 1%, our sixth consecutive quarter of positive
pricing despite the weak economy and low inflation. We continue to focus our
efforts on ensuring that each customer is profitable for our business.

Operating income of $103 million was up 18%, and EBITDA of
$160 million was up 9% as our productivity and price actions more than offset
headwinds from currency and lower volumes. Record operating margin of 24.2% and
record EBITDA margin of 37.4% were both up over 500 basis points. Lower energy
pass-through accounted for about 100 basis points of that, meaning that the
underlying operating margin was up 400 basis points, excluding lower energy
pass-through.

Please turn to slide 15, Gases Asia. Volume growth and the
benefits of operational improvements and cost reduction actions drove
significant profit growth this quarter. Sales of $448 million were up 7%,
primarily driven by volumes up 14%, partially offset by a negative 5% impact
from currency, primarily from China, Korea and Taiwan and a negative 2% price
impact.

Roughly two-thirds of the volume increase was from new
plants, including an increase in energy pass-through revenue. Our merchant
business was up mid-single digits across Asia, and our China retail LOX/LIN
business was up double digits. That said, we expect the oversupply conditions
in China to remain for some time, and certainly through at least next year.

Sequential volume increase of 10% was driven by a seasonal
recovery from the Lunar New Year, as well as an increase in energy pass-through
revenue. Pricing was down 2% versus last year, as we continue to see a
moderating rate of decline in China LOX/LIN/LAR pricing; however, we have seen
more price pressure in helium.

Operating income of $118 million was up 17%, and EBITDA of
$182 million was up 10% as our productivity actions and stronger volumes more
than offset the headwinds from currency and price. Operating margin of 26.4%
was up over 200 basis points, and EBITDA margin of 40.7% was up over 100 basis
points.

I'll close with a brief comment on the global gases segment.
You'll recall that this segment includes most of our air separation unit sale
of equipment business as well as costs associated with the industrial gas
business, which are not region-specific. Sales were up, as we recognized about
$100 million of revenue from the Jazan ASU sale of equipment. That more than
offset weakness in small equipment and other ASU sales. Segment profits
improved on lower costs and a few nonrecurring items last year.

Now please turn to slide 16, and I'll turn the call over to
Guillermo for a review of our Materials Technologies segment results.

GUILLERMO NOVO, EVP, MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Corning. As Scott mentioned, we're making great
progress on both the sale of our Performance Materials business and the spinoff
of our Electronic Materials business. You can see that Materials Technologies
continues to show strong results.

Given where we are on our separation journey, I'm going to
focus my comments today at the division level. Please turn to slide 17 for a
review of our Performance Materials Division.

Sales of $277 million were flat, as 4% higher volumes were
offset by 4% lower price. The positive volume was driven by strength in our
epoxy end markets, including wind, adhesives, and flooring, and improved
polyurethane additives volume across most markets. This was offset by specialty
additives weakness due to lower oil- and gas-related activity and the temporary
shutdown of a specific mining customer in Brazil. Overall, prices were down,
driven by broader petrochemical-driven deflation but were more than offset by
lower raw material costs.

Performance Materials EBITDA of $69 million was up 6%, and
operating income of $63 million was up 9%. EBITDA margins of 24.9% was up 130
basis points, and operating margins of 22.7% was up 180 basis points, primarily
driven by productivity and favorable price/raw material balances.

Please turn to slide 18: Versum Materials, the planned
spinoff of our Electronic Materials business. As I shared with you in June, I'm
very excited to be responsible for Versum Materials, a company with solid
growth, high margins, low capital intensity, and very high free cash flow.

Versum is a very strong business, both from a market
leadership and financial perspective. We operate in the semiconductor space,
which will present us with exciting and profitable growth opportunities. We are
being set up for success. This is a good company that will have the capability
to profitably grow organically and inorganically. And finally, our team is very
excited about the opportunity to be the best-in-class pure-play electronic
materials company.

On slide 19, you can see the historical EBITDA margin for
our EMD business as reported within Air Products. As you can see, the
sustainable and fundamental changes we made to our business will allow us to
deliver strong margins into the future.

Let's take a look at the results for this quarter on slide
20. Please remember, these financials are for EMD as reported within Air
Products.

Our team delivered another strong quarter, proving we're
staying focused on servicing our customers and driving operational improvements
while we continue to deliver new and innovative solutions to our customers. Sales
of $243 million were down 8% on 6% lower volumes, flat pricing, and a 2%
negative currency effect.

As you can see, all of the negative volume impact was due to
delivery systems. As expected, delivery systems was down significantly compared
to a high level of project activity last year, but this level of activity
dropped off in the fourth quarter of last year, so it won't be a significant
headwind next quarter.

Overall, materials volumes were flat as we continued to see
growth in our Advanced Materials business, partially offset by softer volumes
in our Process Materials. Although the foundry market has been soft in the
first part of the year, we are seeing improvements in demand from our foundry
customers in the last few months.

EBITDA of $86 million was down 7%, and operating income of
$73 million was down 5% versus last year. EBITDA margins of 35.3% and operating
margins of 30% were both up modestly. Pricing, mix, and the benefit of our
operational improvement actions were more than offset by headwinds from
currency and the lower delivery systems volumes.

Before I turn the call over to George to discuss our
financials, let me just say that we look forward to more discussions with you
about our very exciting Versum Materials business in the next few months
leading up to our spinoff. Now let me pass the call over to George Bitto, our
future CFO for Versum Materials. George?

GEORGE BITTO, VP OF FINANCE, MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES, AIR
PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Guillermo. Please turn to slide 21, where
you can see the updated trailing 12-months results for EMD. Remember, this is
as reported within Air Products, so it does not include any corporate costs
that are not business-specific.

Sales of almost $1 billion and EBITDA margins of 36%
continue to demonstrate that Versum Materials is a very high quality business
with very attractive margins. As part of our preparation for the spinoff, we
filed an update to our Form 10 with the SEC last week, and we provided a few
slides today to help you extract the key information from the Form 10. These
slides are available on our website.

Given the requirements of the Form 10, there are a few
different financial bases that I wanted to take a moment to explain. First,
there are the financials you have seen reported for EMD within Air Products.
Again, it's important to remember that Air Products does not allocate any
non-business-specific corporate costs into the business segment.

Second, the Form 10 includes Versum audited combined
financial statements. The most significant difference between these and the EMD
financials is the allocation of Air Products' corporate costs to Versum. And
finally, the Form 10 also includes Versum unaudited pro forma financial
statements for FY2015 and the first half of FY 2016, which includes adjustments
to reflect Versum on a post-separation basis.

The two major areas of adjustments to point out are a few
small product lines that are currently reported in EMD which will stay with Air
Products after the spin. It's about $22 million of sales and about $11 million
of profits per year. And the impact of $1.15 billion of debt, down slightly
from the $1.25 billion we've talked about in the past.

We continue to believe that Versum will operate very
successfully with an initial debt ratio in the 3 to 4 times EBITDA range. We
will continue to refine our thoughts on the right debt and leverage levels to
support Versum's very exciting growth opportunities as we move closer to the
spin.

Now please turn to slide 22. Given the various financials
and the variety of time frames, we suggest that the most relevant cash flow
numbers are shown on this slide. As referenced in the footnote, we start with
$344 million of EBITDA as reported for EMD for the last 12 months ending June
30, 2016 -- the same $344 million you saw on the previous slide.

We subtract about $20 million of EBITDA for adjustments to
get to Versum stand-alone, including public company costs. This adjustment
includes about $15 million of expected new costs and about $5 million that was
previously included as a non-cash depreciation charge.

And then we take out about $11 million and EBITDA, primarily
from products that will stay with Air Products, resulting in a revised trailing
12-month EBITDA of $313 million. Assuming a 6% interest rate on the $1.15
billion of debt and factoring in estimated cash taxes and capital spending, you
can see that Versum generates a very high level of free cash flow -- about $165
million that we can use to grow our business.

Now I'll turn the call back over to Simon for a quick
comment on our corporate segment.

SIMON MOORE: Thanks, George. Our corporate segment consists
of our LNG and helium container businesses, as well as corporate costs which
are not business-specific. Sales were down versus last year on lower LNG project
activity, and profits were about flat as lower costs offset the lower sales.

As we have said, we have not seen delays or cancellations of
any major equipment orders in our backlog, but the lack of customer decisions
on new projects will impact our FY2016 and FY2017 results. This is likely to be
about a $0.10 headwind in FY2016 versus FY2015 and will be an additional
headwind for us in FY2017.

Now please turn to slide 23, and I'll turn the call back
over to Seifi for a discussion of our outlook.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. The Air Products team
remains focused on implementing our five-point strategic plan to move us
forward to become the safest and most profitable industrial gas Company in the
world.

Our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016 is
for earnings per share of $1.91 to $2.01. At midpoint, this will be an increase
of about 7% over fourth quarter of last year. Our full-year fiscal 2016
guidance is now at $7.45 to $7.55. At midpoint this will be an increase of 14%
over our very strong fiscal-year 2015 performance, and is $0.13 or almost 2%
higher than the annual guidance we gave you in October of last year. We now
expect our CapEx to be no more than $1.2 billion for the year.

As you can see from our results, we improved our cash flow
by almost $100 million this quarter. As a reminder, our priorities for the use
of cash remain as follows: number one, maintaining our A credit rating. That
means we pay down debt to make sure that we have an A credit rating.

Number two, invest in good projects and accretive
acquisitions. We are very excited about the opportunities in our core
industrial gases business. Petrochemical investments in the US Gulf Coast,
refinery hydrogen plants around the world, and oxygen for coal gasification in
China present key growth opportunities for us. And we believe Air Products is
very well positioned to win profitable deals for these very large plants.

And number three priority for use of cash is continuing, as
we have, to increase our dividend. And number four, if there is any excess cash
available, we are very comfortable in returning money to our shareholders in
the form of share buyback. At the end of the day, the cash we generate belongs
to our shareholders, and we will only spend it if we have high-return projects
or good acquisitions.

And now, we will all be delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Duffy Fischer, Barclays.

DUFFY FISCHER, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Just wanted to see
if you could break down a little bit -- on the Americas gases, you helped us
with the volume look at North America versus South America. Could you do the
same thing for price? And if you looked at price versus the two parts of the
Americas, how was that different?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'll turn it over to Corning to comment on
that.

CORNING PAINTER: So we had success in our pricing effort in
each area. I think it's important to recognize what's most important is price
versus, let's say, power and other input costs. And that was, on net, a
positive for us.

DUFFY FISCHER: Okay, and then maybe just one comment on the
recent steel tariffs that have been enacted. How do you see that affecting the
global basis of your steel customers? Is that a net positive for you guys?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Duffy, the way we see that, it's not material
enough yet to kind of make a comment on that. We'd like to wait a little bit
more just to see that. We have not seen a significant change.

DUFFY FISCHER: Okay. And have you seen any change in
behavior in the steel production in China, either from those tariffs or from
the earlier proclamations by the Chinese government that there'd be some forced
consolidation in that industry?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I think Corning can comment on that.

CORNING PAINTER: So, I mean, there has been a large
announced consolidation with Baosteel. I think after the Lunar New Year, we saw
steel prices spike in Asia and China; that spike was not very long-lasted and
came back down.

So I think there's, momentum, you could say, in China and a
commitment -- and, clearly, a reality there is overcapacity that needs to get
sorted out. But this is going to have to be worked through, and there's social
implications to that.

DUFFY FISCHER: Great. Thanks, fellas.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you, Duffy.

OPERATOR: Christopher Parkinson, Credit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Your margins
continue to impress in the Americas, but can you comment on a few different end
markets? You mentioned hydrogen demand remained strong, but are there any other
trends across your portfolio worth noting, particularly in the bulk business?
Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: This is in industrial gases?

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON: Correct.

SEIFI GHASEMI: In industrial gases, I think Corning went
through the details about the volumes and all of that. Industry-wise, we don't
see any significant change. Our hydrogen volumes in the US continue to be
strong because of the demand for gasoline, but nothing particular that we would
want to point out, as if anything has changed in the last quarter.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON: Perfect. And then can you quickly
comment on the longer-term potential for project activity? I know you've been
optimistic on the US Gulf Coast, but do you have any incremental comments on
the Middle East, Central Asia, or China, and whether or not you are more or
less optimistic than you were, let's say, six months ago? Just any perspective
would be appreciated. Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: We continue to be optimistic. And quite
frankly, today I am more optimistic than I was last quarter or the quarter
before that. We see a lot of opportunities, because I think Air Products is
very well positioned to take advantage of all of the opportunities that might
come about in the US in the Gulf Coast and in China. So I would just summarize
that we are more optimistic, yes.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON: That's great color, thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.

DAVID BEGLEITER, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Seifi and Scott, on
the Q4 guidance, still a $0.10 range here. What's the level -- what's driving
the uncertainty with a wide range at this late stage?

SEIFI GHASEMI: David, the only reason -- as you know, we
usually have a $0.05 range at this time of the year. The only reason we have
put down $0.10 is that we have -- we are very concerned about what is actually
going to happen to currency exchange rates. That's something that is not under
our control.

I mean, what is going to happen to the British pound, what
is going to happen to the Chinese yuan? Therefore, we wanted to have a wider
range, because we can pretty well predict what our internal performance is
going to be, but since we reported results and the translation is there -- we
don't have a handle on that, so we didn't want to get ahead of ourselves.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Very good. And just last thing on the Jazan
project, Seifi. Can you talk about why revenues were up in the quarter
sequentially, but losses were up as well in the global industrial gases
segment?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, David, we are recognizing revenue, but
we are not recognizing the profit yet. The reason for that is that we want to
move forward with the project a little bit more and make sure that we are going
to be able to meet the commitments that we have in the contract in terms of power
consumption and the schedule, because there are actual damages there. So we are
being conservative in recognizing profit.

We will obviously at some point in time recognize profit,
but we have not done that this quarter. We haven't done that yet.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Thank you very much.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you, sir.

OPERATOR: PJ Juvekar, Citi.

PJ JUVEKAR, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: Seifi, a question on the
backlog again. Can you just give the dollar amount of the backlog? And in the
past year, you talked about privatization of industrial gas assets from
national oil companies, projects like Jazan. Are you in discussions with those
companies? And when do we see anything?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, our backlog -- we had a slide, slide
number 27, that gives you a detail of the backlog. Our backlog currently stands
at $2.1 billion. The reason it was lower than last quarter is because of our
hydrogen plant coming onstream.

But in terms of those kinds of discussions, PJ, if you give
me a break, I don't think it would be appropriate for me to make any comment,
because we are -- you know, when it comes to national oil companies and all of
that, people would like to be a little bit more discreet. So you know what our
strategy is, but I don't want to comment in any details.

PJ JUVEKAR: Okay, thank you. And then just a question for
Guillermo on Versum. You know, you talked about sort of flat volumes, excluding
delivery systems. Can you talk about any new wins or losses in new
technologies, like 16-nanometer you mentioned? And if your high-end
applications are growing, what is declining? What end markets are declining to
keep overall volumes flat? Thank you.

GUILLERMO NOVO: Thanks for the question. If you look at the
pure materials side of the equation, our advanced materials actually has been
growing, and has been growing well, in the -- I would say low to mid-single
digits. It's all driven by recovery of the foundry markets and a lot of the new
technologies. I would point out memory, still being a very good market for us
and driving a lot of the new growth. So that part has been doing very well, in
line with our expectations.

If you look at Process Materials, I would say two things.
One, we had some discontinued operations that -- we exited an ammonia business
in China and some other smaller pieces of business. So that's a little bit of a
headwind.

And then the volumes -- remember, we've been sort of tight
on capacity in a lot of major products. We are expanding in bringing on some
debottlenecking in the next few quarters. So it's just really more ups and
downs in the different product lines. Overall, if you exclude discontinued
business, I would say our materials business grew in the 1.7% range.

PJ JUVEKAR: Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you, PJ.

OPERATOR: Jim Sheehan, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

JIM SHEEHAN, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: Seifi,
you've got cash coming in, the proceeds from the PMD divestiture and possibly
more after EMD is finished. Can you talk about the timing of your uses of this
cash? I know you've set out your priorities. Do you see using this cash for
M&A or for new projects as more of a 12-month phenomenon, or would the time
frame be in multiple years?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Jim, thanks for your question. The cash --
considering the timing of everything, we will really have our hands on the cash
kind of beginning of 2017. Obviously, we are very cognizant of what is coming,
and we would like to put that to good use.

Our number-one priority after we have paid down the debt,
because of the loss of the EBITDA that we have and making sure that we have our
A rating, then we still will have a lot of on hand; and as I said before, our
number-one priority is organic growth. We see a lot of opportunities, and we
are going to put that to work there.

We are looking at acquisitions that -- not huge ones, but
smaller ones. That would be a possibility. And then the other thing is that in
terms of timing, it's difficult to put a time frame on that in terms of --
because if some of these big projects happens, we can use that cash pretty
quickly. But I would like to add that the fact that we have cash doesn't mean
we're going to rush to spend it. We are going to be very prudent in the use of
cash. I've always said that capital allocation is one of my most important
responsibilities.

So we will look at things. The fact that we have cash gives
us a lot of power to do things. But at the same time, we are not hurried to
just go burn it up just because we have the cash.

JIM SHEEHAN: Great. Can you talk also about the possible
impact of Brexit on your project backlog and -- but, you know, both in Europe
and other parts of the world? I mean, you yourself are taking a more cautious
view of FX in the fourth quarter. How are project discussions going in light of
Brexit?

SEIFI GHASEMI: The Brexit -- in terms of large projects,
there are not that many of them in Europe, anyway. So I don't see too much of
an impact on that. But the fundamental effects of Brexit -- I think it is going
to take many years to manifest itself.

Personally, I think that that is going to have a very
negative effect in the long term, but I don't see any immediate effect on our
businesses. And we haven't seen that anybody has canceled any project in China
because of Brexit. And there are people, as I'm sure you read the different
articles, that argue that Brexit is going to actually weaken Europe and
strengthen China, which I think might be the case.

JIM SHEEHAN: Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs.

CHRIS EVANS, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Good morning, everyone.
This is Chris Evans on for Bob. So I was hoping -- so cost was a big
contributor in the quarter, and I guess as we look into the fourth quarter and
beyond, your EPS guidance in the fourth quarter sort of implies a growth
deceleration. So I kind of wanted to get your thoughts specifically on how cost
might be an impact in your growth as you lap some of the benefits from the
prior year?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Our guidance for the next quarter is entirely
based on our activities in terms of our "Take the Lead" and cost
actions. We are not counting on any significant improvement in economic
activity, and we are not counting on any significant appreciation because of
exchange rates.

Everything that we have done in the past two years -- the
improvement that you see in EPS, the double-digit growth in EPS -- it's all due
to the internal actions that the people of Air Products have taken. And that
will be the contributor to our improvement for next quarter.

CHRIS EVANS: Thanks. And then, I guess, thinking about the
Company post-reorganization, what do you think the sustainable CapEx spend
would be as you look out, and especially in regards to the current environment?

SEIFI GHASEMI: We think our CapEx requirements on the
stand-alone Company, after we divest of the other businesses, can be anywhere
between $1 billion to $2 billion a year, depending on how successful we are
with the projects.

CHRIS EVANS: Got you, thanks.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT ANDREWS, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Just looking at
slide 8, I wanted to make sure I understood. Your EBITDA margin declined
sequentially for the second time in -- well, only the second time in many
quarters. And it looks like from a regional basis, Europe -- sorry, not Europe,
but Asia was part of it. So what was the driver of the sequential change, and
how should we be thinking about it going into 4Q?

SEIFI GHASEMI: The only reason that that margin is down,
Vincent, is because we have recognized $100 million of sale for Jazan with no
profit. If you exclude that, our margin actually went up. That is the primary
reason.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay. And then in the near term, it sounds
like since you're more optimistic on the project outlook -- you know, you just
referenced there could be $1 billion to $2 billion of CapEx in any given year
going forward. You said $1.2 billion for this year, and then you've got the
cash coming in. So should we be anticipating, as we think about 2017 and 2018,
that CapEx is going to wind up coming in nicely above the $1.2 billion, or how
should we be dimensionalizing that?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Vincent, our goal will be to have enough
projects to spend $2 billion a year because we can afford to do that. So we are
optimistic about the big projects. And you know, at the end of the day, we have
to deliver on what we say. But we definitely think that the figure of $1
billion to $2 billion, hopefully on the higher end, would be a real
possibility.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay, fair enough. Thank you very much.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Stephen Byrne, Bank of America.

STEPHEN BYRNE, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: We are hearing
that the Chinese central government is putting a halt on new gasification
projects, but yet you included coal projects in China among the possible
capital projects going forward. Have you seen any change in China with respect
to new projects and/or bidding activity in that region?

SEIFI GHASEMI: No, we have not. I think Corning can expand
on that, but we have not seen anything. There are a lot of projects going on.

I think you have to be careful, because most of the coal
projects we are involved in are clean coal. I mean, the Chinese government
would probably have a different view if you are building a power plant that is using
coke. But with the clean coal technology, that is -- we haven't seen anything.
But Corning?

CORNING PAINTER: I think if you looked back a couple of
years, looking backwards, there was a pause in approving these projects. Our
read of the Chinese government, the five-year plan and so forth, and just what
we see on the ground is that they are moving now towards permitting and
authorizing projects going forward. So I think our view of momentum is a little
different than that.

STEPHEN BYRNE: Okay, thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Nils Wallin, CLSA.

NILS WALLIN, ANALYST, CLSA AMERICAS, LLC: Whence you become
a pure-play industrial gas company, your on-site exposure will be significantly
higher than the industry. Do you think that's the right mix going forward? Or
would you prefer to have even greater on-site exposure? And how might that
affect the overall volatility of your long-term cash flows?

SEIFI GHASEMI: We believe very strongly that the bigger
portion of your business being on-site is a very good thing. And once we become
pure-play, about -- approximately probably 55% of our sales will be on-site
business, which is higher than anybody else. And we will do everything to
expand that. That is where we can get large projects contributing a steady cash
flow to the business. That's a lot better than going buying companies that sell
welding rods.

NILS WALLIN: Okay. (laughter) And then just in terms of the
cash that's coming in that you seek to deploy. Obviously, you've talked about a
lot of your projects currently having nothing less than a 10% hurdle rate. Will
you apply the same or you'll apply a higher hurdle rate to the cash that you --
that comes in from the sale and the spin?

SEIFI GHASEMI: What they have said about 10% is that is the
minimum. Some of the projects that we have signed up for in the last two years
have returns which are higher than that. So on the new cash, our goal will be
that it will have a minimum of 10%, and hopefully higher than that.

NILS WALLIN: Very good, thank you.

OPERATOR: John Roberts, UBS.

JOHN ROBERTS, ANALYST, UBS: Do you know what your 2016
guidance is on an equivalent adjusted pro forma basis for the two Versum
transactions? That is, what is the $7.45 to $7.55 if we adjust it? And I ask
that because a few months from now, you're going to report your fourth quarter,
and you'd normally give us EPS guidance at that point. What are we going to
compare next year to?

SEIFI GHASEMI: John, I'm afraid you'll have to wait until
October for us to disclose that. There are too many moving parts about
corporate costs and accounting that is in all of that. And I think it would be
dangerous for me to get into that right now.

But we will obviously disclose that to you. Once Versum and
PMD are gone, in accordance with the rules, we will go back and restate
actually the last five years. So you will have total visibility on exactly
what's going on.

JOHN ROBERTS: Okay, I'll wait. Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial.

DON CARSON, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP: Seifi, a
question on your returns. I know since you became CEO, you have hiked up your
minimum return to 10%. So as we look at your project backlog, when do those
higher return projects start to kick in? And when could we see an uptick in the
earnings contribution from new projects?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Starting 2017 -- 2017/2018, because these
projects are three- to four-year projects. So some of the ones that they
approved last year will come onstream in late 2017, 2018, 2019.

DON CARSON: Okay. and then within the quarter, I know you've
given the FX impact on sales; what was the EPS impact of currency? And what is
the implied full-year impact in your $7.45 to $7.55 guidance?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure. Scott will answer you that.

SCOTT CROCCO: So for the quarter, Q3, currency impact versus
last year was $0.05. If we look back on what we reported in both Q1 and Q2,
that would bring us to a year-to-date of about $0.18 headwind. As we've talked
about in the past, the way that we handle currency is we take where we ended
the quarter, and we just assume that rates stay where they are for the rest of
the fiscal year.

When we do that, we would see the fourth quarter relative to
last year's Q4 to be about another $0.02 headwind. So total for FY2016 versus
FY2015, we are anticipating about a $0.20 headwind year on year for currency.

DON CARSON: Great. Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Laurence Alexander,
Jefferies.

LAURENCE ALEXANDER, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: Just quickly,
can you give a little bit more detail on the improvement you're seeing in the
Chinese liquid market? To what extent -- can you peel back how much of that is
sequential demand improvement compared to better competitor behavior?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, we obviously cannot comment on
competitor behavior, but the rest of the question -- Corning will answer that.

CORNING PAINTER: Yes. So if you look at our overall --
you're talking mainly liquid, let's say, in China. So if we look at the overall
for that, we were actually relatively flat year on year on total. But the
quality of our business went up, so we gained a substantial increase in the
proportion of that that was going into retail sales. And that's really where
our focus has been on.

And if you look at it maybe a little bit more granular than
that, very substantial increase for us in nitrogen. Oxygen -- both retail and
wholesale demand has gone down a bit, and you can really relate that to the
slowdown of the steel industry there.

But all in all, even with all those effects, I think the
quality of our business improved significantly over the last year. Does that
answer your question?

LAURENCE ALEXANDER: Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Mike Sison, KeyBanc. Caller, your line is open,
please go ahead. Mr. Sison, we are unable to hear you on the line. Make sure
that you are not pressing your mute function.

It appears there's no response from that question line, and
there are no further questions at this time. So I'd like to turn the conference
back over to our presenters for any closing remarks.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, thank you very much. With that, I would
like to thank everybody for being on the call. Thanks for taking time from your
busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We appreciate your interest, and
we look forward to discussing our results with you again next quarter.

Have a very nice day, and all the best. Thank you.

OPERATOR: That will conclude today's conference. Thank you
for your participation. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072816a6051061.761










 EXECUTIVES (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (88%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

JEFFERIES LLC (69%);

CITIGROUP INC (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%);

VERSUM MATERIALS INC (52%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (90%); C (NYSE) (57%); C
(BMV) (57%); 8710 (TSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%);
DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%); DB
(NYSE) (57%); VSM (NYSE) (52%)










 CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INDUSTRIAL
GASES (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (89%)










 July 30, 2016




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
28, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 9480 words

Corporate Participants

* Simon Moore

 and 

. -
VP, IR

* Seifi Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President and CEO

* Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
SVP and CFO

* Corning Painter

 and 

. -
EVP, Industrial Gases

* Guillermo Novo

 and 

. -
EVP, Materials Technologies

Conference Call Participants

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Vincent Andrews

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* David Begleiter

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Christopher Parkinson

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Duffy Fischer

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Bob Koort

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* John Roberts

UBS - Analyst

* Jeff Schnell

Jefferies LLC - Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup - Analyst

* Mike Harrison

Seaport Global Securities - Analyst

* Nils Wallin

CLSA Americas, LLC - Analyst

* James Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* Mike Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst

* Jeff Zekauskas

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Emily Wagner

Susquehanna Financial Group / SIG - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals second-quarter earnings release conference call. Today's call is
being recorded at the request of Air Products. Please note that this
presentation and the comments made on behalf of Air Products are subject to
copyright by Air Products, and all rights are reserved.

Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations.

SIMON MOORE, VP, IR, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank
you, Angela. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' second-quarter
2016 earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of
Investor Relations. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our
Chairman, President, and CEO; Scott Crocco, our CFO; and our senior business
leaders. After our comments, we'll be pleased to take your questions.

Our earnings release and the slides for this call are
available on our website at airproducts.com. Please refer to the
forward-looking statement disclosure on page 2 of the slides and at the end of
today's earnings release.

Seifi and Scott will talk more about the decision to exit Energy-from-Waste,
which we announced a few weeks ago. The quarterly results we are sharing today
and the prior-year period comparisons have been restated to reflect moving the
Energy-from-Waste segment to discontinued operations.

Now I'm pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon. And good morning to everyone. Thank you for
taking time from your busy schedules to be on our call today. We do appreciate
your interest in Air Products.

First, let me introduce the members of our team who are on
the call today. In addition to Simon, I have Mr. Scott Crocco, our Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Corning Painter, Air Products'
Executive Vice President responsible for industrial gases; and Mr. Guillermo
Novo, Air Products' Executive Vice President in charge of our Materials
Technologies business, now called Versum. All of us will be participating in
the call and in answering your questions.

I am very pleased to report that Air Products delivered
another set of excellent results this quarter. Despite sluggish economic growth
worldwide and currency headwinds, our team stayed focused on our five-point
strategic plan and delivered $1.82 per share of earnings, which is up 17% over
last year. And on a constant currency basis, our EPS is up 20% versus last
year.

Another quarter of outstanding performance is due entirely
to the tireless and focused efforts of Air Products' talented, committed, and
motivated employees around the world. I once again want to thank the people of
Air Products for coming together to prove that they have the determination and
the capability to deliver outstanding results and move our Company forward so
that we can be the best industrial gas company in the world. That is our goal.

Please go to slide number 3. We always start our internal
meetings with a discussion on safety. And I want to do the same today in our
presentation to you. Our quarter two performance in safety was better than last
year and did improve relative to our disappointing first-quarter performance.
So I am pleased that we are moving in the right direction.

However, the only acceptable goal is zero accidents. And we
have a responsibility to our employees and their families to ensure that
everybody goes home every day with no injuries or accidents. At Air Products,
safety is the responsibility of every single employee.

Now please turn to slide number 4, which is the restatement
of our overall goal for the Company. We are determined to become the safest and
most profitable industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent
service to our customers. We have made great progress on the profitability
side, and I'm confident we can focus and improve our performance on the safety side.

Now please turn to slide number 5, our overall management
philosophy that we have shared with you many times before. But I would like to
emphasize it again. We believe strongly that cash generation is what drives
long-term value. We believe that what counts in the long term is the increase
in per-share value of our stock, not the size of our Company or growth rates.

In addition, Air Products generates a significant amount of
cash. And the effective deployment of that cash is one of my most important responsibilities
as the CEO of the Company.

Now please turn to slide number 6, our five-point plan. Our
strong performance this quarter and in the previous quarters is a direct result
of our focus on our five-point strategic plan that we announced a year-and-a-half
ago.

I reviewed our progress last quarter and I would like to
make a few more comments. The first point of this plan was to focus on
industrial gases, our core business, and therefore divest of our non-core
businesses.

In September 2015, we announced plans to spin off our
Materials Technologies business tax-free to our shareholders and set it up as a
separate public company called Versum Materials. We submitted our initial draft
Form 10 in December to the Securities and Exchange Commission and have since
updated that. And the team is making great progress on the significant amount
of work necessary to implement this plan.

But most importantly, Guillermo and the Materials
Technologies team are delivering very strong results quarter after quarter. We are
on track to complete the separation of this business from our core by the end
of September 2016 and will continue to evaluate whether debt and equity market
conditions are favorable for a spinoff.

The second non-core business is Energy-from-Waste. Scott
will take you through the details, but as a result of the decision to exit this
business last month, we have taken a pre-tax charge of almost $1 billion this
quarter, primarily to write down assets associated with the Energy-from-Waste
business to their realizable value.

The fourth point of our plan is the responsible use of cash
and eliminating unnecessary work. We have a very robust process to review every
capital investment of more than $3 million, and have established a minimum
hurdle rate of 10% internal rate of return for all new projects.

We also had a strong backlog of projects that will deliver
volume, revenue, and earnings growth over the next few years. Our backlog is
down this quarter because we successfully brought onstream the new hydrogen plant
in Canada serving Shell and the local pipeline system there.

As I have mentioned previously, I remain very optimistic
about the growth potential of our core industrial gases business, especially
opportunities in larger-scale onsite oxygen and hydrogen plants.

In the area of restructuring, the actions we took last year
to eliminate unnecessary work have already reduced our overhead by $300 million
a year and you are seeing the benefits of these efforts in our results. We are
making great progress on our plan to achieve an additional $300 million of
operational savings in the next four years through self-help measures including
plant operations, distribution, sourcing, and overhead costs. Corning will
share with you some examples of the great work the organization has been doing
to begin to deliver on the second $300 million.

Improving productivity and efficiency is a necessary and
never-ending process that we are all committed to as we move forward so that we
can stay at the leading edge of our industry.

Now please turn to slide number 7 for a summary of our
results for the quarter. Scott will take you through the details, but I wanted
to emphasize that we improved EBITDA margin by over 500 basis points versus
last year, increased our earnings per share by 17%, and most importantly, our
return on capital employed is now up 200 basis points to 13%.

Our restructuring actions enabled us to deliver these strong
results despite the weak worldwide economy and a continued currency headwind.
Also, please note that this is the seventh consecutive quarter that we have
delivered double-digit earnings per share growth.

And now if you please turn to my very favorite slide, slide
number 8, you will see our progress over the last two years, where we have
improved our margins by 1,000 basis points -- yes, 1,000 basis points. And
during this same two-year time frame, our earning per share is up 37%. This
single chart is a great demonstration of how focused the Air Products team is,
and we are determined to continue to improve our profitability.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to discuss our quarter's
results in detail. Then I will come back after comments from Corning,
Guillermo, and Simon to make some closing remarks. And then we will be pleased
to answer your questions.

Scott?

SCOTT CROCCO, SVP AND CFO, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.:
Thank you very much, Seifi. For our second quarter, sales of $2.3 billion
decreased 6% versus last year on unfavorable currency and lower energy
pass-through impacts of 3% each. Volumes were unchanged as Gases Asia growth
continued, while other segment volumes were lower. Corning and Guillermo will
discuss more on that later. Pricing rounded down to zero, but was just slightly
positive, driven by price increases in Gases Americas and Gases Europe.

We delivered significant operating leverage again this
quarter, as EBITDA of $797 million improved by 12% and operating income of $532
million improved by 20%, despite the lower sales. EBITDA margin improved 560
basis points to 35.1%, while our operating margin improved 500 basis points to
23.4%. We saw margin improvements across all segments.

Lower energy pass-through only contributed about 40 basis
points to the operating margin improvement. The rest of the operating margin
improvement of about 460 basis points resulted primarily from the benefit of
the restructuring actions we have taken and a smaller benefit from price versus
raw materials.

Our actions continue to show results and this is another new
record for the highest quarterly operating margin in over 25 years. Versus
prior year, net income and earnings per share grew 18% and 17%, respectively.
And we continue to improve our return on capital employed, which increased 200
basis points to 13% on our higher profitability. As Simon mentioned previously,
Energy-from-Waste has been moved to discontinued operations and is not included
in these numbers.

Now please turn to slide 10. You have heard Seifi and I talk
about our focus on cash flow and that we do not want to borrow money to pay
dividends. As you can see, distributable cash flow increased by about $50
million this quarter due to higher EBITDA. I want to point out that for
consistency, we have restated the prior year's growth CapEx to exclude
Energy-from-Waste.

As a result of the higher EBITDA and the lower growth
capital spending, free cash flow was $220 million this quarter and $121 million
higher than last year. Just as a reminder, from a timing perspective, it is not
unusual for items to move around quarter to quarter, particularly maintenance
capital and cash taxes.

Turning to slide number 11, we have included some additional
information regarding our decision to exit the Energy-from-Waste business that
we announced earlier this month. The decision to exit the business and stop
efforts to start up and operate our Energy-from-Waste projects was based on
continued difficulties encountered in starting up the first project. Based on
extended testing and analysis completed this past quarter, significant
additional time and resources would have been required to make the projects
operational.

In addition, the decision allows us to execute our strategy
of focusing resources on our core industrial gases business. As a result of
this decision, the Energy-from-Waste segment has been moved to discontinued
operations and prior-year information has been restated for comparison
purposes.

We recorded a pre-tax charge of $946 million during fiscal
Q2. This loss includes $914 million to write down the plant assets to their
estimated salvage value of $20 million. The charge also includes $32 million
for plant disposition and severance costs.

The projects are located on leased land that requires
removal of the facility. It is expected that dismantlement of the facility will
be completed in fiscal 2017. As a result of removing this asset value from the
denominator, ROCE increases by approximately 100 basis points. Additional exit
costs estimated at $50 million to $100 million may be recorded in future
periods to wind down the plant and settle remaining purchase contracts.

We are also still evaluating an ASU built primarily to serve
the Energy-from-Waste site. Its current book value is approximately $60 million
and is in our Gases EMEA segment. There is no change to our continuing
operations book effective tax rate. There will be a modest cash tax benefit
totaling about $75 million to $100 million that we expect to recognize over the
next 10-plus years.

In terms of future uses of cash, we see a potential net cash
cost of $60 million to $110 million for the various items mentioned above.
However, as we have said, we are working to optimize the cash value of our
investment.

Turning now to slide number 12, you can see an overview of
this quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I comment on
our Q2 operating performance, I would like to spend a moment on the non-GAAP
items that totaled $0.08 per share or $19 million pre-tax.

We incurred Materials Technologies separation costs of $7
million or $0.04 per share, primarily for legal and other advisory fees. As I
mentioned last quarter, we have completed the actions associated with our first
$300 million of overhead reductions. We are now focused on the second $300
million of operational improvements.

In Q2, we incurred a $9 million or $0.03 per-share charge
associated with these actions. We also recorded a $3 million or $0.01 per share
pension settlement charge. Further details on all non-GAAP items can be found
in the appendix slide and the footnotes to our earnings release.

Excluding these items, our Q2 continuing operations EPS of
$1.82 increased $0.26 per share or 17% versus last year. The impact from lower
volumes decreased EPS by $0.10 per share, primarily due to a positive prior-year
contract wrap-up in Global Gases and lower LNG sale of equipment activity.

Pricing versus raw materials taken together contributed
$0.08, primarily driven by lower raw material costs. Net cost performance was
$0.36 per share favorable, primarily due to the benefit of our restructuring
actions taken last year and good progress on our operational improvements. Cost
performance also benefited by about $0.15 from lower incentive compensation,
lower pension costs, and other income and expense.

Unfavorable currency was $0.05, as many currencies besides
the euro weakened against the dollar. As a reminder, for Gases, our currency
exposure is primarily translation, as the vast majority of our products are
made and sold in the same currency.

Equity affiliate income was unchanged. Interest expense of
$0.01 was $0.01 higher, primarily due to lower capitalized interest from lower
capital spending. Taxes were $0.02 unfavorable due to higher earnings. For the
year, we still expect our effective tax rate to be in the 24% to 25% range,
likely closer to 25%.

Now, to begin a review of our business segment results, I
will turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING PAINTER, EVP, INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. Let me start by thanking the entire Industrial
Gas team around the world for delivering another very strong quarter. Despite
continuing currency headwinds and challenging economic conditions, each of the
regional teams delivered EBITDA margins that were up more than 500 basis
points.

We are focused on the things we control, primarily driving
operational productivity. And we also improved our safety performance this
quarter.

We have described our operational productivity opportunity
as 10,000 little things. Meaning we have many opportunities to act and drive
improvement. As an example, we have a large network of plants that produce
liquid oxygen, nitrogen, and argon -- LOX, LIN, and LAR. Many of them also
serve pipeline customers, like steel mills.

As pipeline customer demand swings and local power rates
shift, the availability and cost of liquid product changes, too. We are working
with third-party providers, including outside distribution experts, to
modernize our sales and operations planning, process, and tools to help us to
reliably serve our customers for the lowest cost every day.

With that, please turn to slide 13 for a review of our Gases
Americas first-quarter results. Despite currency headwinds and weaker volumes,
our continued focus on restructuring actions and self-help measures drove the
significant margin expansion.

Sales of $798 million were down 10% versus last year as the
pass-through of lower energy prices reduced sales by 6% and currency reduced
sales by 3%. Volumes were down 2%, primarily driven by weakness in Latin
America.

We also continued to see lower oilfield service demand
versus last year, although we will begin to lap that decline next quarter.
Steel remains weak. We haven't yet seen any improvement to speak of in our
customers' operations.

Although HyCO volumes were down slightly on modest customer
outages, underlying demand remains strong. Pricing was up versus prior year for
the sixth consecutive quarter, with a key focus on recovering inflation in
South America. Volumes were down sequentially, primarily in South America,
seasonality.

Operating income of $224 million was up 23%, and EBITDA of
$341 million was up 14% versus last year, as the benefits of our restructuring
actions and lower maintenance costs more than overcame headwinds from lower
volumes, currency, and lower energy pass-through.

Record operating margin of 28.1% was up 770 basis points and
record EBITDA margin of 42.8% was up over 900 basis points. Lower energy
pass-through, though, accounted for only about 100 basis points of that,
meaning that the operating margin was up 670 basis points, excluding lower
energy pass-through.

Finally, we were pleased to bring onstream our newest
150-million-standard-cubic-foot-a-day hydrogen plant, located in Scotford,
northeast of Edmonton in Alberta. This new steam methane reformer provides
hydrogen and steam to Shell Canada's Scotford facility and will supply hydrogen
to Northwest's refinery.

The plant is connected to our Heartland Hydrogen Pipeline
system that is also fed by two hydrogen plants in Edmonton and supplies refiners,
upgraders, chemical processors, and other industries. As this plant came
onstream right at the end of the quarter, it did not contribute to our Q2
results.

Now please turn to slide 14. For the Europe, Middle East,
and Africa business, we continue to see our restructuring and pricing actions
more than offsetting volume weaknesses as EBITDA and operating margins again
set new records, both up over 500 basis points.

Versus last year, sales of $420 million were down 6% due to
a negative currency impact of 3% and a negative 4% impact from lower energy
pass-through. Underlying sales were up 1%, as 2% higher prices more than offset
1% lower volumes. We have not really seen much demand improvement in Europe,
but continue to work hard on price increases, delivering our fifth consecutive
quarter of positive pricing.

Operating income of $89 million was up 26%, and EBITDA of
$145 million was up 14%, as our restructuring and price actions more than
offset headwinds from currency and lower volumes. Record operating margin of
21.3% was up over 500 basis points and record EBITDA margin of 34.5% was up
over 600 basis points. Lower energy pass-through accounted for about 50 basis
points of that, meaning that the operating margin was up 500 basis points,
excluding lower energy pass-through.

Please turn to slide 15, Gases Asia. Volume growth and the
benefits of our restructuring actions drove significant margin improvement over
last year. Sales of $406 million were up 3%, primarily driven by volumes, up
10%, partially offset by a negative 6% impact from currency, primarily from
China, Korea, and Taiwan.

Overall merchant volumes were up high-single digits both
across Asia and in China, specifically. We continue to see the benefits of
large onsite plant projects we brought onstream over the last year as well as
an increase in energy pass-through revenue at a few of these recently
started-up plants.

Our coal gasification customers in China continue to operate
their facilities at high rates. Our plants continue to run well. And most
importantly, we continue to get paid.

Pricing was down 1%, reflecting a reduced rate of decline in
LOX, LIN, and LAR pricing, despite the substantial overcapacity in China.
Operating income of $104 million was up 23%, and EBITDA of $170 million was up
18% as our restructuring actions and stronger volumes more than offset the
headwinds from currency and price.

Operating margin of 25.7% was up over 400 basis points, and
EBITDA margin of 41.9% was up over 500 basis points. We did see a sequential
decline in profits, driven by about $5 million of positive nonrecurring items
last quarter, currency, and the expected lower merchant volumes during the
Lunar New Year. I would add that it seems that our customers' Lunar New Year
outages this year were fairly typical relative to previous years and we didn't
see them taking extended outages.

I'll close with a brief comment on Global Gases segment. You
recall that this segment includes most of our air separation unit sale of
equipment business as well as costs associated with the industrial gas
business, which are not region specific.

Sales were up as we recognized about $30 million of revenue
from the Jazan ASU sale of equipment, and that more than offset weakness in
small equipment and other ASU sales. However, we did not recognize any profits
this quarter from Jazan, as we are still early in the project. Costs in this
segment were down, but profits were down as the prior-year quarter had a
nonrecurring benefit from a contract wrap-up.

Now please turn to slide 16, and I'll turn the call over to
Guillermo for a review of our Materials Technologies segment results.

GUILLERMO NOVO, EVP, MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Corning. The Materials Technologies team
delivered another strong quarter. As I shared with you during our February
Versum conference call, we believe we have made structural and sustainable
improvements to our business, which you can see from this graph of the margin
improvement over the last three years.

This improvement was driven by continuous actions on
multiple fronts: innovation, focusing on our key products and markets,
leveraging pricing opportunities, productivity, improving our cost structure,
and taking needed portfolio actions. While there will be normal fluctuations in
quarterly results driven in part by end-market changes, we do not see this as a
cyclical business.

Turning to slide 17 on this quarter's results, segment sales
of $490 million (sic - see slide 17 - $494 million) were down 7% versus last
year. Volumes were down 6% on lower delivery systems and electronics and lower
additives and epoxy demand in performance materials.

EBITDA of $150 million was up 1% and operating income of
$129 million was up 4%, as price, raw material management, mix, and our
restructuring actions more than offset headwinds from lower volumes and
currency. As a result, EBITDA margins of 30.2% was up 240 basis points and
operating margin of 26.2% was up almost 300 basis points, both representing
another quarterly record.

In October, I told you that we expected to deliver higher
profits in 2016 than in 2015, and we are well on our way. Through two quarters,
our EBITDA is up about $20 million higher than last year. We remain confident
on our outlook for 2016 and are working to continue to deliver improved profits
in second half of the year.

On slide 18, you can see the results for electronic
materials. Sales of $234 million were down 10% on lower volumes, while higher
pricing offset negative currency effect. As expected, delivery systems'
activity was down significantly compared to high level of project activity last
year. Overall materials volume were roughly flat, as we continue to see growth
in our advanced materials business, partially offset by weakness in our Taiwan
foundry customers.

For electronic materials, EBITDA of $83 million was down 1%
and operating income of $70 million was up 4% versus last year. EBITDA margins
of 35.5% were up over 300 basis points and operating margins of 30.1% was up
400 basis points. Pricing and mix and the benefit of our restructuring actions
were the key drivers more than offsetting currency headwinds.

On slide 19, you can see the results of performance
materials. Sales of $261 million were down 5% on 2% lower volumes, 2% lower
prices, and 1% negative currency effect. Epoxy volumes were down on weakness in
oil and gas and marine coatings.

Additives volumes were also impacted by oil and gas weakness
as well as mining, including a specific customer temporary site shut down in
Brazil. We did see stronger polyurethane additive volumes across all market
segments. Overall, prices were down, given broader petrochemical-driven
deflation, but were more than offset by lower raw material costs.

For performance materials, EBITDA of $67 million was up 1% and
operating income of $60 million was up 2%. EBITDA margins of 25.8% and
operating margins of 22.8% were both up 160 basis points, primarily driven by
mix improvement and favorable price raw material balance.

On slide 20, you can see the updated trailing 12-month
results for Materials Technologies segment: sales of over $2 billion; EBITDA of
$591 million, with margins of 29.3%; and operating income of $504 million, with
margins of 25%. This is as reported within Air Products, so it does not include
any allocated corporate costs. As you can see, our results continue to
demonstrate that Versum Materials is a very high-quality business with very
attractive margins. Our team remains focused on our key priorities: safety,
top-line growth, and margin enhancement.

And now I will turn the call back over to Simon for a quick
comment on our corporate segment.

SIMON MOORE: Thanks, Guillermo. Our corporate segment
consists of our LNG and helium container businesses as well as corporate costs,
which are not business-specific.

Sales were down versus last year on lower LNG project
activity. The LNG projects in our backlog continue with no delays or
cancellations this quarter. However, we have seen a slowdown in customer
decision-making on new projects that will likely impact our FY2016 and FY2017
results. Profits were up despite the lower sales, driven by lower costs.

Now I will turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you, Simon. Now please turn to slide
number 21 for a discussion of our outlook. The Air Products team is focused on
implementing our five-point strategic plan to move us forward to become the
safest and most profitable industrial gas company in the world.

Our guidance for the quarter -- for the third quarter of
fiscal year 2016 is for earning per share of $1.87 to $1.92. At midpoint, this
will be an increase of $0.24 or 14% over the third quarter of last year and
would represent our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth
that we have delivered.

Despite an increasingly uncertain economic background, but
based on our strong focus on self-help measures, we are increasing our
full-year fiscal 2016 guidance to $7.40 to $7.55 per share. At midpoint, this
will be an increase of $0.88 or 13% over our very strong fiscal-year 2015 performance
and is $0.10 higher than the guidance we gave you in October. We now expect our
CapEx to be about $1.2 billion for the year, down about 30% from fiscal year
2015.

As you can see from our results, we improved our free cash
flow by over $120 million this quarter. As a reminder, our priorities for the
use of cash remain as follows. Number one: maintaining our A credit rating;
number two: investing in good projects and accretive acquisitions; number
three: continuing to increase our dividends.

And number four: finally, if and only if there is excess
cash available, we are very comfortable returning money to our shareholders in
the form of share buybacks. At the end of the day, the cash that we generate
belongs to the shareholders and we will only spend our cash if we have enough
high-return projects or good acquisitions.

And now we will be delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Steve Byrne, Bank of
America Merrill Lynch.

STEVE BYRNE, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: I was curious. In
that margin improvement chart over the last couple of years, can you tease out
of that how much was just simply from lower electricity costs?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Probably hardly anything. Almost nothing.

STEVE BYRNE: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT ANDREWS, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Just curious how
much your FX headwind has changed on -- for the full year this quarter versus
last quarter.

SCOTT CROCCO: When we came out of last quarter -- and we
always just project currencies to stay where they were. The end of last
quarter, we would have said that for the year, FY2016 versus prior year, our
currency headwinds would have been $0.20, maybe $0.25.

Now as we close this quarter -- and again, move the currency
sideways -- our current view is that year on year, FY2016 versus 2015, is about
a $0.15 headwind. So net-net, we have got about another nickel less
year-on-year headwind from currency. So hopefully I was clear on that.

I will point out also that the driver of that is all the
various currencies. The euro now has mitigated a little bit. So when you look
at our rule of thumb, it has also been not only the major ones, like the euro
and the RMB that we've given you in the past, but also areas where we are
smaller, but we've seen quite a bit of movement in the currencies, like the
real and the Korean won and the Canadian dollar and so forth.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay. Just as a quick follow-up [if I can
sneak it in]. If FX is about $0.05 better off the bottom, what's the balance of
the guidance increase? Is it broad-based or is it coming from particular
regions?

SEIFI GHASEMI: It is broad-based, but it is primarily driven
by our delivering the second $300 million of self-help measures that we have
planned for.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Excellent. Thank you very much; very
helpful.

OPERATOR: David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.

DAVID BEGLEITER, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Excellent job on
the margins. Just on the pricing component there, you have announced a series
of price increases over the past year. How would you rate the success of those
price increases? And what is the impact, do you think, going forward?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I would like to have both Corning and
Guillermo comment on that with their respective businesses. Corning?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, thank you. So I think you can see kind
of in our results the progress that we've made thus far in our pricing. We
typically only announce pricing increases in North America. That affects some
contracts more than others. But you can see we've had broad-based success in
pricing, particularly in Europe; South America as well.

So if you come down to it, if you ask me, this really turns
on if you go back to that concept of focus on the core, so that we focus on
gases, we give the customers good service, we earn the right to raise the
price, and we got a self-confident and motivated team that goes out and gets
it. And I see that trend continuing for us.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Guillermo?

GUILLERMO NOVO: If you look at pricing in the materials
space, the three big drivers that we focus on; one is value pricing. And that's
about technology and innovation and how we improve the overall mix of our
business. And that has been going very well. Our innovation engine is doing
well, and mix improvement has been a good driver of our margin improvement in
growth.

I think the second driver is just competitive dynamics;
where we are in different markets. If you look at all the actions we've taken
on the portfolio side and our cost actions, we are in a much more competitive
position, and that has allowed us to play a much more offensive game in terms
of both volumes and pricing in those kinds of segments.

Then the last segment for us is; it's mostly around our
functional surfactants. And that's more formula-based pricing, where the raw
materials do have a component. So we've had a favorable lag effect as we look
through that pricing overall. But all three of those areas have been performing
very well for us.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Very good. And just last thing, Seifi -- in
Gases Americas on volume, when do you think volume can turn positive in this
segment? Is it Q3, is it Q4, or is it even later?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, the famous saying is that it's very
difficult to make predictions if it is about the future. So we do not have that
kind of a visibility to be able to predict that. That's why in our forecast and
the guidance, we are assuming flat volumes. I don't want to venture into
predicting that because we really don't know.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Understood. Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Christopher Parkinson, Credit Suisse.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Just turning
back to the industrial gas side, can you just comment on your current
expectations on industry price discipline, actually particularly in Europe and
then in the U.S. And whether or not you've seen any improvements over the last
six to 12 months. Just any expectations going forward would be appreciated.
Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure. Corning?

CORNING PAINTER: So I'm sorry, but no, I really cannot comment
on what I think discipline would be in this industry. I could really only talk
about our own actions on pricing, which I've already really shared.

SEIFI GHASEMI: As you know, we don't comment on pricing.
It's not appropriate.

CHRISTOPHER PARKINSON: All right. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Duffy Fischer, Barclays.

DUFFY FISCHER, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Wanted to ask a
couple questions on China. They have come out and talked about the oversupply
that they have in the steel industry and about potentially moving to some
consolidation there. Obviously, as a big supplier into that industry, are you
seeing that? Do you think there's a chance that they take off meaningful
capacity in steel?

SEIFI GHASEMI: We are beginning to see that, and we are
seeing that people are taking it off. Corning is closer to this thing. Both of
us were in China. So we can give you some comments on this. Corning?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, so I think overall, our exposure to
the China end market is relatively small -- steel end market, that is. And
there's really a potential upside in this.

So for a long time the CPC, the Chinese Communist Party of
China, has talked about rationalizing the steel mills. And many of these
smaller regional steel mills have their own captive air separation plants, they
make liquid product; they basically dump that into the market space.

So more recently, I have to say, there has been more serious
talk out of Beijing about this. And there has been more talk of setting up
funds aside to help the social transition associated with this. And I would say
we have begun to see that happening right now. Now, steel prices are now up a
little bit, so we'll have to see. But all in all, I see this as a rational and
positive development.

DUFFY FISCHER: Great, thanks. And then Seifi, question for
you. We've seen some noise out of the Middle East about players there wanting
to raise capital, whether it's Aramco talking about potentially an IPO. One way
for them to raise capital would be if they are willing to dispose of their
hydrogen plants or air separation units to a Western player.

Is that an opportunity for the industrial gas industry to
buy assets away from the big Middle Eastern players who are trying to raise
capital?

SEIFI GHASEMI: That's an excellent question. I don't want to
speak for the industry, but that is an excellent opportunity for Air Products.
We have identified that as an area that we are going to be very aggressive
about, and I think that would be a very positive development in our growth.
That's one of the reasons we are optimistic about our growth.

And as you know, as we have organized ourselves now, we have
a President for that part of the world. We have strengthened our team there,
and we are very active in that area, yes.

DUFFY FISCHER: Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs.

BOB KOORT, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Seifi, I appreciate your
unwillingness to forecast things, so I'll ask you to look far enough out that
you can't be held to it. I'm trying to get a sense -- volumes have been pretty
pathetic in the industry for awhile here. Obviously, your earnings growth has
been spectacular, mainly a function of self-help.

When you get to a steady-state, what do you see as the
waterfall between sustainable revenue growth, EBITA growth, and then ultimately
EPS growth? Say, on a three-, five-, seven-year -- a longer time horizon that
takes out the near-term noise?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I can certainly make some comments on that.
Number one, you know our industry very well. I'd like to distinguish between
two parts. One is our merchant and packaged gases business and our onsite
business.

The merchant and packaged gas businesses in this industry
has always and will continue to grow with industrial production. There is no
change on that. There is no change in the industry.

If you are focused on packaged gases and liquids and you try
to move your portfolio toward that, as some of our competitors are doing, you
are going to be stuck with growth with industrial production, whatever it is.
So there is no change in the industry.

Where we see significant opportunities for Air Products,
because that is our core competency and that is the biggest part of our
portfolio, is on the big onsite plants. And on that front, both for hydrogen
and for oxygen, we see significant opportunities for growth.

That is why I think for the long term, Bob, in -- our
overall goal for Air Products is to continue to grow our earning per share 10%
a year. That's our goal. And we have delivered in the last two years and that
would be our goal, to continue to deliver that. And we see that as a good
possibility.

BOB KOORT: And can I ask maybe Scott why the CapEx number
came down a little bit and the definition of your backlog? It seems like a
couple of second-half projects were delineated into the fourth quarter more
specifically. Could you just give us an update there?

SCOTT CROCCO: Yes, sure, Bob. The reason why the CapEx came
down, projected for this year, is really just the spending for the projects
that we already have in the backlog. So as we project out for the year, and we
get closer to the end of the year, what is the spending going to be for those
projects? That is why we moved it down.

The other thing -- in terms of the backlog, you'll note that
we did bring on, as we mentioned, a big project up in Canada. And that's the
biggest reason why our backlog has come down from $2.4 billion down to $2.1
billion.

SEIFI GHASEMI: If I may just add, the project that you are
talking about in Canada is not a small project. It's about $400 million. So
that has a significant effect on reducing that backlog.

BOB KOORT: Terrific. Thanks for the help.

OPERATOR: John Roberts, UBS.

JOHN ROBERTS, ANALYST, UBS: If you are able to reach an
agreement with Evonik on performance materials, what would you do with
electronic materials?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'm not sure what you are talking about. We
haven't reached an agreement with anybody, and I do not want to speculate about
market rumors. So sorry, John, I can't comment on that.

JOHN ROBERTS: Maybe I'll try one for Scott. Scott, now that
you give us quarterly maintenance capital, is there a way that we can connect
that to the EBITDA impact from maintenance? I would assume that the effect
would at least be directionally similar, that if you spent less CapEx in a
quarter on maintenance, the EBITDA impact from the maintenance activity would
probably be less?

SEIFI GHASEMI: No, there is no connection there. Our
maintenance -- what we are disclosing to you is maintenance CapEx. That is
totally different than maintenance expense. Our maintenance expense is to
upkeep our plants so that they keep running and serve our customers.

We have not had any cutback on that. We are totally focused
on that. So that's -- the maintenance CapEx is basically a function of
replacing old assets that need to be replaced. And that is what we are
reporting. So there is no real connection between the two.

OPERATOR: Laurence Alexander, Jefferies.

JEFF SCHNELL, ANALYST, JEFFERIES LLC: This is Jeff Schnell
on for Laurence. Can you give a longer-term view of the backlog? That is, do
you think that this is a good run rate that will be stable over the next three
to four years, or should it continue to decline? And then when you look at the
bids you are working on now, has there been any shift in regional trends?

SEIFI GHASEMI: With respect to our projections, obviously it
depends on the projects. But we can certainly see a situation where we are -- a
capital expenditure will be somewhere between $1 billion to $1.5 billion a
year.

In terms of regions, the areas with the greatest opportunity
is the United States Gulf Coast, because of low natural gas, and significant
potential in China. In addition to that, there is opportunities on the area
that I was asked the question about in the Middle East and all of that. That's an
additional opportunity. So that's where we see that.

There are projects in other parts of the world, like people
wanting to replace an old ASU in Europe and so on. But the major projects are
definitely in China and in the US Gulf Coast.

JEFF SCHNELL: Thank you.

OPERATOR: P.J. Juvekar, Citigroup.

P.J. JUVEKAR, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: In EMEA, your underlying
price is up. And that was encouraging to see. Can you talk about your
utilization in Europe and other areas, other regions of the world?

CORNING PAINTER: I'm sorry; I didn't -- quite sure I
understood. You observed the pricing trend in Europe, and your question was --?

P.J. JUVEKAR: The question was, can you talk about
utilization in Europe and also other parts of the world, where the margin
utilization is?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Either one of us can answer that. That's
easy. It is about the same. We are still at around 77%, 78% utilization in the
US, Europe, and in China. I don't think there's any significant difference.

Corning, you want to add something?

CORNING PAINTER: No, I would just say if you are talking
about where there's a little more momentum towards loading, obviously that's in
China, where you can see the volume movement.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Okay. And then you talked about accelerating
your cost-cutting plans, the economy slowdown, and probably a Phase 2 of the
cost-cutting. Can you talk about what is your latest thinking on that
cost-cutting program and the cadence of that cost-cutting? Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: We still believe that we are on track to
deliver that second $300 million within four years. This will be the first
year. Therefore, by the end of the year, we will be at a run rate of $75
million, which means that this year, we will deliver at least $35 million, $36
million, $40 million, half of that.

And we are well on our way in doing that. We are doing
actually better than we thought we would be doing. And that's one of the
reasons we increased our guidance for the year.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Mike Harrison, Seaport Global Securities.

MIKE HARRISON, ANALYST, SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES: Corning,
you mentioned that maintenance cost in the Americas was lower this quarter. How
much lower was it year on year? And what is your expectation for Q3 and Q4
compared to this quarter?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, so the maintenance reduction for us in
this quarter was about $0.04 for us. Going forward, we are going to expect that
to trend up, and that's in our forecast that we've put out for the next quarter
and the full year.

MIKE HARRISON: And then I guess I was a little bit surprised
to hear you say that North America was still weak in terms of steel markets.
Are you starting to see any change with the impact of the tariffs that were put
in place in the US?

And can you also comment on whether any change there would
lead to a potential loosening of supply and demand in argon supply?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, good question. So a couple things.
Number one: I think it's sort of hard to talk about regional economic trends.
It is so specific what's happening in one segment versus another. And even in
North America steel. If you are making steel that goes into a car, you are
doing great. If you are making tube, you're not doing well.

So we, in fact, have two mills that are down. They pay their
BFC, but they are down. If they were to restart, right, and the economy picked
up, that would be positive. Yes, it would make for more argon. But probably in
that same environment, we would see demand for stainless steel increase. And
stainless steel takes a lot of argon. So I personally think the argon market in
the U.S. is going to remain relatively tight through this transition here.

MIKE HARRISON: All right. And if I can just sneak one last
one in. On the equity affiliates income in Americas, it seemed to have come
quite a bit lower from where it generally is. Is there a reason for that?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Scott?

SCOTT CROCCO: Sure. We just had some maintenance in one of
our facilities -- that's an equity affiliate in Americas. So that's all. It's
just timing items. It's nothing substantive and underlying.

MIKE HARRISON: All right. Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Nils Wallin, CLSA.

NILS WALLIN, ANALYST, CLSA AMERICAS, LLC: Thanks for taking
my question. I was wondering if you would give us your view on the outlook for
hydrogen over the next couple years. Obviously, you are one of the biggest
producers there is. With the amount of ethylene capacity coming online in the
U.S. Gulf Coast, that should increase hydrogen supply. But then, of course,
there's perhaps limited refinery growth. So I was just curious what your
supply-demand outlook is for hydrogen.

SEIFI GHASEMI: It is very positive. We see growth around the
world, not just the U.S. And we are a global supplier. We are number one. We
are the leader in this area. And therefore, as you see, we are bringing our big
plants onstream, so we are very positive.

Corning, you want to make any additional comments?

CORNING PAINTER: Yes, maybe just to acknowledge. So even
today on our large pipeline system, we have some hydrogen sources where we are
offtaking for a customer. And so to the extent hydrogen is available, that's an
opportunity for us to bring it in. I think another reality is that a lot of
this hydrogen is going to be consumed at that customer and a lot of is going to
be used for fuel value.

NILS WALLIN: Understood. And so would you, given this
positive outlook on hydrogen, would you expect that to be a greater proportion
of your backlog going forward?

CORNING PAINTER: I don't think that's going to significantly
change the future.

NILS WALLIN: Understood. Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: James Sheehan, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.

JAMES SHEEHAN, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: On your
comments on Versum timing, you said that you're watching the credit and equity
markets closely. What alternatives have you explored in case markets are
unfavorable for a spin at the end of September?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I would have to say just about any option
that you can imagine. We have looked at everything. That's our job: to look at
any option.

JAMES SHEEHAN: Okay. And on your comments on the growth
potential of industrial gases, you are very optimistic. Can you talk about the
sentiment of your customers right now? Are any of them as optimistic as you
are? Are they getting closer to pulling the trigger?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, the customers that I am talking about
in terms of growth are very the large demand for oxygen and hydrogen. Those
customers we have talked to. I told you I was just in China the last two weeks
with Corning and the rest of our people. Those customers have big plans and are
very optimistic about what they want to do.

OPERATOR: Mike Sison, KeyBanc.

MIKE SISON, ANALYST, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS: Nice quarter.
I wanted to include Guillermo a little bit. When you think about your volume
growth here for electronic materials, you said it was flat ex-delivery systems.
Are you seeing growth in all the key products for advanced materials and any
growth in process materials as well?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you for grilling him. I appreciate
that.

GUILLERMO NOVO: Thanks for the question. No, if you look at
our advanced materials, we are seeing -- obviously, it varies by segment. The
memory market has continued to be very strong, and our projections are that it
is still going to continue to be a growth area for us.

Volumes are holding up. We see that segment's getting impact
more on pricing on our customer's side, the pricing of DRAM and NAND. But
overall, volumes are still good. And we are very well positioned with a lot of
the new technology's process of record for the next-generation node. So that's
doing very well.

On process materials, our volumes are holding up. We have
been capacity constrained, so some of the fluctuation in the markets haven't
been as big an impact to us, although we did see a slowdown in the early part
of the quarter and a pickup in the back end of the quarter because of the
Taiwan earthquake, and just softness in the foundry market. But we're bringing
on new capacity. And as the memory market continues to grow. We expect demand
to continue.

MIKE SISON: Okay. And then one long-term question is -- as I
think you mentioned, as OEMs consider moving from 14 nanometer to 10 nanometer
sometime in 2017, how much of an opportunity is that for you? What do your
products do to help them move down that node?

GUILLERMO NOVO: Well, two comments I would make. One is it's
not just that they are going to smaller nodes and higher technology. In
general, that requires new materials, new processes, and that is what's driving
our formula for growth, traditionally. So that's something that has not
changed.

What is changing now is also that a lot of the structures
are going vertical. And so you can think about if they had 25 layers before and
now you have 50. They had 50; they have 100. So the amount of material used in
the steps are getting much more complex, and you just use a lot more.

So if you think NF3 as an example in the cleaning business,
now you have more steps, you have more cleaning steps, demand is going up. And
that is what has driven a lot of the volume growth on the materials side. So
from a materials perspective, the next-generation nodes, materials are going to
be a much bigger driver, an enabler for the newer technologies. And that's a
good thing for our space.

MIKE SISON: Great, thank you.

OPERATOR: Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: In general, industrial
production in the United States has moved down from the fourth calendar quarter
of 2015. And it keeps dropping. And Europe is a little bit different, where
there's some upward movement in industrial production.

So is it the case in general that your U.S. industrial gas
business on the margin, going into the next quarter, is weakening a little bit
and the European business is strengthening little bit?

CORNING PAINTER: A couple -- maybe just speak to each one of
those separately.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Sure.

CORNING PAINTER: I would say in the Americas, if you strip
out oilfield services, you strip out steel, and you try to look at the core
customers, the customers who were with you a year ago, are they with you now,
do those customers have volume momentum? Yes, they do.

And that's kind of my point. I think it's hard to talk about
a global macro statement. I think it's much more useful to think about
individual segments.

In Europe, I'd say, in general, it's a weak environment.
It's a little hard to say, in that this quarter that included Easter. And a
year ago, it was in the third quarter; it was in April. So I think we are going
to have to see what the actual trend turns out to be for us in Europe.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. And then as my follow-up, in terms of
Versum, order of magnitude, is the probability that it is 75% that you will
spin it and 25% that you will sell the individual pieces? Or is there a
different probability?

SEIFI GHASEMI: You need to let me off the hook on trying to
answer that question, please. I cannot speculate on that. I think that would be
very premature. Sorry about that.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Okay. Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial Group.

EMILY WAGNER, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP / SIG:
This is Emily Wagner on for Don. We had a question on coal gasification units
that you mentioned were running well in the quarter. In terms of future coal
gasification projects in China, do you see the government allowing more
projects, or might they limit that opportunity due to coal emissions?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, from what I see, there are significant
number of these projects on the drawing board. And some of them are getting
approval from the government. So it looks -- from where we are, it looks very
positive.

EMILY WAGNER: Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: I think with that, I would like to thank
everybody for being on the call. Once again, thank you for taking time from
your very busy schedule to listen to our presentation. We do appreciate your
interest and we look forward to discussing our results with you in the next
quarter. I hope you have a very nice day, and all the best.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's
conference. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042816a5969760.760










 EXECUTIVES (92%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (87%); WASTE TO ENERGY
(60%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

JEFFERIES LLC (71%);

CITIGROUP INC (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (90%); C (NYSE) (57%); C
(BMV) (57%); 8710 (TSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%); CSGN (SWX) (57%); CS (NYSE)
(57%); DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA) (57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%);
DB (NYSE) (57%)










 CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INDUSTRIAL
GASES (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%); WASTE TO ENERGY (60%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (89%)










 April 30, 2016




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
29, 2016 Friday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 9665 words

Corporate Participants

* Simon Moore

 and 

. -
VP, IR

* Seifi Ghasemi

 and 

. -
Chairman, President & CEO

* Scott Crocco

 and 

. -
CFO

* Corning Painter

 and 

. -
EVP, Industrial Gases

* Guillermo Novo

 and 

. -
EVP, Materials Technologies

Conference Call Participants

* Chris Evans

Goldman Sachs - Analyst

* David Begleiter

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Steve Byrne

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* P.J. Juvekar

Citigroup - Analyst

* Jeff Zekauskas

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Vincent Andrews

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* John Roberts

UBS - Analyst

* Mike Harrison

Seaport Global Securities - Analyst

* Nils Wallin

CLSA Americas - Analyst

* Duffy Fischer

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Jim Sheehan

SunTrust Robinson Humphrey - Analyst

* David Manthey

Robert W. Baird & Company - Analyst

* Mike Sison

KeyBanc Capital Markets - Analyst

* Emily Wagner

Susquehanna Financial Group - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning and welcome to the Air Products and
Chemicals first-quarter earnings release conference call. (Operator
Instructions) Today's call is being recorded at the request of Air Products.

Please note that this presentation and the comments made on
behalf of Air Products are subject to copyright by Air Products and all rights
are reserved. Beginning today's call is Mr. Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor
Relations. Please go ahead, sir.

SIMON MOORE, VP, IR, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank
you, DeDe. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to Air Products' first-quarter 2016
earnings results teleconference. This is Simon Moore, Vice President of Investor
Relations. I am pleased to be joined today by Seifi Ghasemi, our Chairman,
President and CEO; Scott Crocco, our CFO; and our senior business leaders.

After our comments, we will be pleased to take your
questions. Our earnings release and the slides for this call are available on
our website at AirProducts.com. Please refer to the forward-looking statement
disclosure on page 2 of the slides and at the end of today's earnings release.

Now I am pleased to turn the call over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Simon, and good morning to everyone. Thank you
for taking time from your busy schedules to be on our call today. We do
appreciate your interest in Air Products.

First, let me introduce the members of our team who are on
the call today. In addition to Simon, I have Mr. Scott Crocco, our Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Corning Painter, Air Products'
Executive Vice President responsible for industrial gases; and Mr. Guillermo
Novo, Air Products' Executive Vice President in charge of our Materials
Technologies business, now called Versum. All of us will be participating in
the call and in answering your questions.

I am very pleased to report that Air Products delivered
another set of excellent results this quarter. Despite significant global macro
uncertainty and currency headwinds, our team stayed focused on our five-point
plan and delivered earnings of $1.78 per share, which is up 15% over last year.

Another quarter of outstanding performance is due to the
tireless and focused efforts of Air Products' 20,000 talented, committed, and
motivated employees around the world. I want to thank the people of Air
Products for coming together to prove that they have the determination and the
capability to deliver outstanding results and move our company forward so that
we can be the best industrial gas company in the world. That is our goal.

However, I am disappointed with one aspect of our
performance. Please turn to slide number 3. Our safety performance this quarter
was worse than previous years and, therefore, it is not acceptable. Our goal
includes being the safest industrial gas company in the world. We have a
responsibility to our employees and their families to ensure everyone goes home
every day with no injuries or accidents. At Air Products, safety is the
responsibility of every single employee, and I have made it very clear to
everyone that our safety performance must improve.

Now please turn to slide number 4, which is the restatement
of our goal. We are determined to become the safest and most profitable
industrial gas company in the world, providing excellent service to our
customers. We have made great progress on the profitability side, and I am
confident we will refocus and improve our performance on the safety side.

Now please turn to slide number 5, our overall management
philosophy that we have shared with you many times before, but I would like to
emphasize again. We believe strongly that cash generation is what drives
long-term value. We believe that what counts in the long term is the increase
in per-share value of our stock, not the size of our company or growth rates.

In addition, Air Products generates a significant amount of
cash and the effective deployment of that cash is one of my most important
responsibilities as the CEO of the Company.

Now please turn to slide number 6, our strategic plan as we
move forward. Our strong performance this quarter is a direct result of the
focus on our five-point plan that we discussed and disclosed more than a year
ago. I reviewed our progress last quarter, but wanted to make a few more
comments.

The first point in our plan is to focus on Industrial Gases,
our core business. In September of 2015, we announced plans to spin-off our
Materials Technologies business tax-free to our U.S. shareholders and set it up
as a separate standalone public company called Versum Materials. We submitted
our initial draft Form 10 in December to the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the team is making great progress on the significant amount of work to
prepare for this spin. Most importantly, Guillermo and the Materials
Technologies team are delivering very strong performance. We remain confident
this transaction will be complete before September of 2016.

The fourth point of our plan was the responsible use of cash
and controlling our costs. In this area we have made excellent progress. We had
a very robust and detailed process for reviewing every capital investment of
more than $3 million at the corporate level and we have established a minimum
hurdle rate of 10% internal rate of return for all new projects. We also have a
strong backlog of projects that will deliver volume, revenue, and earnings
growth over the next few years.

In the area of cost savings, we have reduced our overhead
costs by $300 million per year already and have a detailed plan to achieve an
additional $300 million of operational cost savings in the next four years.
Corning will share with you some examples of the great work the organization
has been doing to begin to deliver on the second $300 million. Improving
productivity and efficiency is a necessary and never-ending process that we are
all committed to as we move forward so that we can stay at the leading edge of
our industry.

Now please turn to slide number 7 for a summary of our
results for the quarter. Scott will take you through the details later, but I
want to emphasize that we improved EBITDA margin by over 500 basis points,
increased free cash flow by $200 million, increased our earnings per share by
15%, and return on capital employed is up 160 basis points to 11.7%. This is
despite a weak worldwide economy, lower sales, and a $0.08 negative impact from
currency exchange translation.

And now if you please turn to slide 8, which by the way, is
my favorite slide. You will see our progress over the last two years where we
have improved our margins by more than 800 basis points. We are determined to
continue to improve our margins.

Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Scott Crocco,
our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer to discuss our quarterly
results. Then I will come back after comments from Corning, Guillermo, and
Simon to make some closing remarks and then we will be pleased to answer your
questions. Scott?

SCOTT CROCCO, CFO, AIR PRODUCTS AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank
you very much, Seifi. Please turn to slide 9 for review of our Q1 results.

Sales of $2.4 billion decreased 8% versus last year on
unfavorable currency and lower energy pass-through impacts of 5% each. Volumes
increased 1% as Gases Asia growth continued, while Materials Technologies and
Gases Americas and Gases Europe volumes were lower. Corning and Guillermo will
discuss more on that later.

Pricing was 1% higher for the fifth consecutive quarter,
again driven by price increases in Gases Americas and Gases Europe and both
price increases and mix in Materials Technologies. We delivered significant
operating leverage again this quarter as EBITDA of $786 million improved by 9%
and operating income improved by 17% despite the lower sales. EBITDA margin
improved 520 basis points to 33.4%, while operating margin improved 460 basis
points to 22%.

We saw margin improvements across all segments. Lower energy
pass-through only contributed about 60 basis points to the operating margin
improvement. The rest of the operating margin improvement of about 400 basis
points resulted primarily from lower costs and higher prices. Our actions
continued to show results and this quarter is another new record for the
highest quarterly operating margin in over 25 years.

Versus prior year net income and earnings per share grew
15%. And we continued to improve our return on capital employed, which
increased 160 basis points to 11.7%.

Now please turn to slide 10. You have heard Seifi and I talk
about our focus on cash flow and that we do not want to borrow money to pay
dividends. As you can see, distributable cash flow increased by $88 million
this quarter due to higher EBITDA and slightly lower maintenance capital. We
remain focused on spending the right amount of maintenance capital at the right
time and properly supporting the base business to ensure long-term success.

And as a result of lower growth capital spending, free cash
flow was $165 million this quarter, or $199 million higher than prior year.
That's a great start to fiscal 2016. We expect growth CapEx for FY16 to be
lower than our initial guidance, primarily due to the decision last quarter to
suspend construction on the Tees Valley II project. Please remember that, from
a timing perspective, it's not unusual for items to move around quarter to
quarter, particularly maintenance capital and cash taxes.

Turning to slide number 11, you can see an overview of this
quarter's performance in terms of earnings per share. Before I comment on our
Q1 operating performance, I would like to spend a moment on the non-GAAP items
that totaled $0.11 per share or $26 million pretax.

Back in November we announced that we were suspending
construction of Tees Valley II until certain design issues of Tees Valley I are
better understood and can be integrated into the design of Tees Valley II. In
fiscal Q1 we incurred incremental costs of $14 million, or $0.05 per share, to
suspend construction activities of the second project. We expect about another
$0.02 of additional costs to be incurred in the second quarter.

We also saw Materials Technologies' separation costs of $12
million, or $0.06 per share, for legal and advisory fees. And as I mentioned
last quarter, we have essentially completed the actions associated with our
first $300 million of overhead reductions. Further actions will be part of the
second $300 million of operational improvements. With the completion of our
first phase, restructuring costs were modest this quarter and are included in
our underlying results. Further details on all non-GAAP items can be found in
the appendix slide and the footnotes to our earnings release.

Excluding these items, our Q1 continuing operations EPS of
$1.78 increased $0.23 per share, or 15%, versus last year despite the currency
headwinds. Volumes increased EPS by $0.02 per share. Pricing, energy, and raw
materials taken together contributed $0.14.

Net cost performance was $0.18 favorable, primarily due to
the benefit from our actions taken last year to enable a new, more disciplined
organization. Cost performance also included about a $0.03 benefit from lower
pension costs. Unfavorable currency was $0.08 per share as almost all
currencies weakened against the dollar.

As a reminder, for Gases our currency exposure is primarily
translation as the vast majority of our products are made and sold in the same
currency.

Equity affiliate income was $0.03 unfavorable. Interest
expense was $0.02 lower due to higher capitalized interest and the retirement
of higher-cost Indura debt last quarter.

Taxes were $0.03 unfavorable due to higher earnings and
timing of a few items. For the year, we still expect our effective tax rate to
be in the 24% to 25% range, likely closer to 25%.

Noncontrolling interest was $0.02 favorable due to our buy
up of the remaining shares of the Indura business last quarter. And higher
shares outstanding reduced EPS by $0.01.

Now to begin the review of our business segment results, I
will turn the call over to Corning.

CORNING PAINTER, EVP, INDUSTRIAL GASES, AIR PRODUCTS AND
CHEMICALS, INC.: Thanks, Scott. First, I would like to thank the entire
Industrial Gases team for another very strong quarter and step up in our
margins. Despite currency headwinds and challenging economic conditions just
about everywhere, we improved overall EBITDA margin by 450 basis points year on
year. Going forward, we're going to drive operational productivity to new
heights at Air Products and we are going to work tirelessly to improve safety.

In our highly-distributed business we often describe
operational productivity as 10,000 little things. That means we have many
opportunities to act and our new, simpler organization is helping us to act
with speed. For example, we used to have a bias to purchase on corporate
global, sole-source agreements. That's a good strategy for some things, but not
everything.

In our new organization an empowered regional team broke
this paradigm: they decided to multi-source. That meant we could introduce
low-cost local suppliers and we could select the best supplier for each
location. Our other regions are replicating this and we would expect savings in
the 40% range.

We are also improving distribution routing and fleet
efficiency by working with third parties that bring new ideas. We are improving
operating and maintenance efficiency by using our data to adjust maintenance
intervals and improving network efficiency by consolidating facilities. These
are some of the 10,000 things.

With that, please turn to slide 12 for a review of our Gases
Americas first-quarter results. Despite currency headwinds and weaker volumes,
our continued focus on cost drove the margin expansion. Sales of $836 million
were down 17% versus last year as the pass-through of lower energy prices
reduced sales by 12% and currency reduced sales by 4%.

Volumes were down 3% on weakness in Latin America and in the
North America steel and oilfield services markets. Some steel customers idled
capacity in December, which will have some impact on argon and oxygen volumes going
forward.

HyCO volumes and refinery operating rates remained strong.
Pricing was up 2%, the fifth consecutive quarter of positive pricing in the
Americas. We had particular success in South America in several specific
products. Helium has been a strength for us, but oversupply in helium will
likely begin to weaken pricing later this year. We expect the helium market to
tighten again in a few years.

Operating income of $212 million was flat to last year and
EBITDA of $335 million was up 1% as we overcame the headwinds from currency,
lower energy pass through, and lower volumes through pricing, the benefits of
our restructuring actions, and lower maintenance costs.

Record operating margins of 25.3% was up 420 basis points
and record EBITDA margin of 40.1% was up 700 basis points. The impact from
lower energy pass-through was about half of the margin improvement. Lower costs
drove our sequential profit and margin improvement.

We expect volume weakness to continue in Q2, particularly
for steel in Latin America, but expect our cost focus will overcome higher
major maintenance costs and drive improved profitability versus last year.

Now please turn to slide 13. For Europe, Middle East, and
Africa businesses we saw the benefit of our cost restructuring actions as
EBITDA and operating margins set new records, both up almost 500 basis points.
Versus last year, sales of $438 million were down 12% due to a negative
currency impact of 10% primarily due to the euro, pound, and Polish zloty and a
negative 2% impact on lower energy pass-through. Underlying sales were flat
with 1% lower volumes and 1% higher prices.

Positive liquid bulk volumes were more than offset by lower
package gases volumes, in part due to weak offshore demand, and by lower
refinery hydrogen demand. Price was positive across all sub-regions.

Operating income of $92 million was up 13% and operating
margin of 20.9% was up 470 basis points. Operating income would have been up
22% on a constant currency basis. EBITDA of $146 million was up 2% and EBITDA
margin of 33.3% was up 480 basis points. The primary driver of improved
profitability was our continued focus on costs and the positive contribution
from our pricing actions.

Please turn to slide 14, Gases Asia. As you can see from our
results, our business performance was very strong again this quarter with
record operating and EBITDA margins. Despite all the talk about China, we did
well in China. Of course, we expect our China tonnage volumes to be up with the
new plants on stream, but merchant volumes were up also again.

We remain cautious about the economic outlook in Asia but
are pleased with the resilience our business has demonstrated. Sales of $413
million was up 4%, primarily driven by volumes up 11%, partially offset by a
negative 6% impact from currency, primarily from Korea, Taiwan, and China.
Overall merchant volumes were up low double digits again across Asia, with
China LOX/LIN volumes also up low double digits.

We were pleased to fully bring onstream the largest ASU
project that Air Products has ever built, providing oxygen to Yankuang in
Yulin, China. We now have six large oxygen for coal gasification projects
onstream in China, including over 20,000 tons a day of oxygen added this last
year. All of our customers are operating their facilities, our plants are
running well, and we are getting paid.

As I have mentioned in the past, we do occasionally see
swings in the energy pass-through around customer startups. This has no impact
on profit, but can impact sales and margins.

Sequentially, volumes were down 3%, in part due to a
positive catch-up payment in Q4 that I mentioned last quarter. Pricing was down
2% on the continued overcapacity in the China liquid market.

Operating income of $117 million was up 29% and operating
margin of 28.2% was up 550 basis points. EBITDA of $180 million was up 16% and
EBITDA margin of 43.6% was up 480 basis points.

Profit improvement was driven by the base business volume
growth, new projects successfully coming on-stream, and the benefit of our cost
reduction programs and about $5 million of nonrecurring items. The team is very
focused on continuing to drive improvement, but we would expect some volume
weakness from the Lunar New Year next quarter.

I will close with a comment on Global Gases segment. You
will recall that this is the segment that includes most of our air separation
unit sale of equipment business as well as costs associated with the industrial
gas business which are not region specific. Sales were up as we began to
recognize revenue from the Jazan ASU sale of equipment that more than offset
weakness in small equipment and other ASU sales.

Now I will turn the call over to Guillermo for a review of
our Materials Technologies segment results.

GUILLERMO NOVO, EVP, MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES, AIR PRODUCTS
AND CHEMICALS, INC.: Thank you, Corning. Please turn to slide 15. Let me start
with a few general comments before I go into the numbers.

In September of last year, Air Products announced its
intention to separate our Materials Technologies business through a spin-off to
our shareholders. This strategic decision will allow both Materials
Technologies and Air Products Industrial Gases to leverage our respective
strengths and will enable better business performance for both companies over
the long term.

The new company will be called Versum Materials and will be
highly profitable with strong cash flow generation and solid growth prospects.
Our team is very excited about this tremendous opportunity and, as you can see
from our strong results, we remain focused on executing our strategy while
driving safety, business improvement, and taking care of our customers.

We are also making good progress on key steps required to
enable the spin-off, which we expect to complete before September of 2016. For
example, in December we submitted the initial draft of our Form 10. On February
24, George Bitto, Versum's future CFO, Simon, and I plan to host a conference
call to help you understand our business including our key markets, products,
as well as our plans for future success.

Given the progress we have made in the spin-off process and
the level of financial information we have provided, you will see we are
sharing more details about our business. I will first make a few comments on
our overall Materials Technologies segment and then make more specific comments
on Electronic Materials and Performance Materials results for the quarter.

Segment sales of $490 million were down 6% versus last year,
including a negative 2% currency impact. As a reminder, for Materials
Technologies, currency volatility has a greater impact on our business than on
the industrial gases business of Air Products. Given the global nature of our
supply network, we have both translational and transactional impact from
currency, more so for Performance Materials, where North America supplies a
significant portion of our demand in Europe and Latin America.

Volumes were down 6% on lower delivery systems in
Electronics and lower demand in Performance Materials. Pricing was up 2%.
EBITDA of $147 million was up 14% and EBITDA margins were up 530 basis points.
Operating income of $127 million was up 22% and operating margins of 26% was up
600 basis points.

Another record margin quarter driven by cost-reduction
actions and the management of price versus raw materials. Most importantly, we
bounced back very well from a softer fourth quarter.

As I told you last quarter, we expect to improve our
profitability and deliver higher profits in 2016 than we did in 2015, and we're
still committed to this. We are off to a great start in the first quarter, but
are somewhat cautious of the second quarter given the decline in the delivery
systems activity that I mentioned before and the weak macroeconomic environment
impacting demand, continued currency headwinds, and the impact of lower raw
material costs on our inventories. But as you know, the second half of the year
is typically the stronger part of the year for our business.

On slide 16 you can see the results of Electronic Materials.
Sales of $245 million were down 4% on lower volumes, improved pricing and mix,
and a negative currency effect. As expected, delivery system activity was down
significantly. Despite key products in our PM portfolio being capacity
constrained, our overall Materials volumes were flat as we continue to see
strong demand in advanced materials business. That is a great example of
innovation that continues to be at the core of our organic growth and of the
future products and solutions for our customers.

For Electronic Materials, EBITDA of $96 million was up 27%
and EBITDA margins of 39.2% was up almost 1,000 basis points. Operating income
of $83 million was up 43% and margin of $33.9 million was up over 1,000 basis
points. Pricing and mix and the benefit of our cost-reduction actions were the
key drivers.

The quarter also benefited from the timing impact of
portfolio actions we have taken. These were worth about 200 basis points. The
rest of the 800 basis point improvement is from underlying business
performance.

On slide 17 you can see the results of Performance
Materials. Sales of $245 million were down 9% on lower volumes, lower prices,
and negative currency effect. Volumes were down in epoxy and additives
business, driven by weak global demand in general and, in particular, weakness
in oil and gas and mining markets. This includes a specific customer site
shutdown in Brazil. Prices were down, but were more than offset by lower
material costs.

Performance Materials EBITDA of $51 million was down 7%, but
margin of 20.9% was up 50 basis points. Operating income of $44 million was
down 7%, but margin of 18% was up 30 basis points. The lower volumes and the
negative impact of currency more than offset the benefits of pricing relative
to raw materials and the cost-reduction actions.

On slide 18 you can see the trailing 12-month results for
Materials Technologies segment: sales of just over $2 billion, EBITDA of $590
million with margins of 28.7% and operating income of almost $500 million with
margins of 24.3%. This is as reported within Air Products and does not include
any allocated corporate costs. As you can see, Versum Materials will be a very
high-quality company with very attractive margins.

Slide 19 shows the operating margin improvement in Materials
Technologies over the last three years. Although recent market dynamics have
been favorable for a few products, the overall performance was not driven by a
cyclical peak as the business environment varied significantly over this period
of time. This improvement was driven by continuous actions on multiple fronts
over the last three years: innovation, focusing on our key product and markets,
leveraging pricing opportunities, productivity, improving our cost structure,
and taking needed portfolio actions.

While there will be normal fluctuations in quarterly results
driven in part by macroeconomic drivers, we do not see this as a cyclical
business. The semiconductor industry has changed and the underlying
improvements we have made in process materials is sustainable.

As I indicated in the past, we are capacity constrained in
several product lines and we are launching several new products in advanced
materials, all of which require us to expand capacity. We continued to make
good progress on the capital projects I talked about in our last two earnings
calls.

As you saw from the initial draft Form 10, the spending on
these expansion projects increased total CapEx to about $100 million in fiscal
year 2015. We expect fiscal year 2016 CapEx to be about $200 million before it
drops back down to more typical levels of below $100 million for fiscal year
2017.

Keep in mind that we only make these types of large capital
investments every few years. In fact, the last one was eight years ago. As I
said, Versum will generate very strong cash flows.

We are executing and remain focused on our key priorities --
safety, top-line growth, and margin enhancement -- and equally important, we
are committed to meeting or exceeding our timeline for the spin-off of
Materials Technologies business as a standalone company. I know that I can speak
for the entire team that we are committing to adding value to our customers, to
the success of the business, and to creating an exciting and profitable future
for our shareholders and the rest of our stakeholders.

Again, I look forward to sharing more information with you
on our call on February 24. Now I will turn the call back over to Simon for
quick comments on the corporate segment.

SIMON MOORE: Thanks, Guillermo. Our corporate segment
consists of our LNG and helium container business, as well as corporate costs
which are not business specific.

Sales were flat versus last year as higher LNG sales were
offset by lower helium container sales. The LNG projects in our backlog
continue with no delays or cancellations this quarter. However, we have seen a
slowdown in customer decision-making on new projects that will likely impact
our FY16 results. The improved profitability this quarter was primarily driven
by the higher LNG activity and the benefit of reduced corporate costs.

Now I will turn the call back over to Seifi.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you again, Simon. Now please turn to
slide number 20 for a discussion of our outlook.

The Air Products team is focused on the things we can
control toward our goal of becoming the safest and most profitable industrial
gas company in the world. Our guidance for the second quarter of fiscal year
2016 is for earnings per share of $1.78 to $1.83. At midpoint this will be an
increase of $0.26, or 16%, over the second quarter of last year and will
represent our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth.

Despite an increasingly uncertain economic background and
increased currency headwinds, we are confident in delivering on and are
maintaining our full-year fiscal year 2016 guidance of $7.25 to $7.50 per share.
At midpoint this will be a 12% increase over our very strong fiscal year 2015
performance.

The full-year and quarterly guidance includes the Materials
Technologies business as part of Air Products for the full 2016. Primarily as a
result of our decision to suspend construction of Tees Valley II project, we
now expect our CapEx to be about $1.3 billion for the year, down about 25% from
fiscal year 2015.

As you can see from our results, we improved free cash flow
by $200 million this quarter. You have heard me talk about priorities for the
use of cash we generate and I would like to reiterate them in the order of
priority.

Our number one priority is to maintain an A credit rating.
Number two, we will use our cash to invest in good projects and good and accretive
acquisitions. Number three, we will continue to increase our dividends. And
number four; finally, if, and only if, there is excess cash available, we are
very comfortable returning money to our shareholders in the form of share
buyback.

The cash we generate belongs to the shareholders and we only
spend our cash if we have enough high-return projects and acquisitions.
Otherwise, as I have said, we would return it to our shareholders.

Air Products growth into the future will not be driven by
any single large event. I am confident we will deliver on our commitment to
spin Material Technologies and we will resolve our Energy from Waste business
in northern England.

Our future growth and profit growth will be driven by
executing on the basics of our industrial gas business, that is we will focus
on all aspects of growth in our industrial gases. We will deliver the second
$300 million of cost savings over the next few years, enabled by the more
focused and accountable organization we already have in place. We will deliver
on projects in our backlog and we will compete for and win new projects at high
returns.

We certainly understand there is significant uncertainty in
the world today, but we are focused on the things we control to drive
improvement. We believe in self-help regardless of the external environment.
The future is very bright for the Industrial Gases business in general and,
most importantly, for Air Products.

We do have an outstanding team of talented, dedicated, and
motivated people who are driving change and we are blessed with having a great
portfolio of businesses around the world with more than 170,000 outstanding
customers to serve. I am very proud of our people, incredibly optimistic about
the future of Air Products, and consider it an honor and a privilege to be part
of this winning team.

We are now delighted to answer your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Bob Koort, Goldman Sachs.

CHRIS EVANS, ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS: Good morning,
everybody. This is [Chris Evans] on for Bob. I was wondering if your increasing
free cash flow position changes your appetite for share repurchases going
forward.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, I've just been through our priorities
in terms of what we will do with the free cash. As I said, we are going to
maintain our A rating; we are already there, so we don't need to spend more
cash to do that.

And then I said that we are going to invest in new projects.
We have of a lot of new projects in place and a lot of future ones that will
require cash. We are focused on making good acquisitions and there are plenty
of opportunities to take a look at that, but -- and we want to increase our
dividend. Now after that, if we still have cash left, yes, we will buy shares,
but as I said, please just take a look at our order of priorities.

CHRIS EVANS: I would ask you then if the credit market
environment, if that changes any of your thoughts about the MT spin or your
expectations for what your interest expectation is going to be there.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, we have said that we are going to spin
Material Technologies by September of 2016. So I understand that there are
difficulties right now with the credit markets and the stock market in general,
but we are not about to spin Material Technologies next week or next month. So
we are obviously going to monitor what is going on in the world and when the
time comes, we will take everything into consideration about what we want to
do.

CHRIS EVANS: Thank you.

OPERATOR: David Begleiter, Deutsche Bank.

DAVID BEGLEITER, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Thank you. Good
morning, Seifi. On pricing, trends remain positive. What's your view on
potentially -- should they remain positive for the full year? And what's the
potential for these trends to actually increase or accelerate going forward?

SEIFI GHASEMI: As I said, we are optimistic about our
future. We have given you a forecast for the year, which is -- has a wide range
on it, $7.25 to $7.50. We obviously -- our goal is to make the $7.50 not the
$7.25 and our self-help projects are actually delivering results. That's why we
were able to beat the guidance for the first quarter, because our cost savings
delivered more than what we expected. So we do remain positive.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Just one more thing, Seifi. Given the combination
of Air Liquide and Airgas, can you discuss any threats or opportunities that
combination might present to you in the short term or longer term?

SEIFI GHASEMI: David, that's an interesting question and I'm
at a loss about how to respond to that without hurting anybody's feelings on
either side. But fundamentally, as we had always said, Airgas was not a
strategic acquisition for us. We never thought it was.

At the end of the day, if you take our industrial gas sales
of about $8 billion, the overlap with Airgas is only about $1.5 billion if you
exclude our HyCO business and our business in Europe and Asia. So it was never
a strategic thing. We don't feel that we have lost anything, but other people
going and paying an arm and a leg to buy the business. So we have to wait and
see how it develops, but we certainly are focused on taking advantage of any
opportunity that may arise.

DAVID BEGLEITER: Thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Steve Byrne, Bank of America.

STEVE BYRNE, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Was just
wondering, out of your plants in China that are in coal gasification
operations, what end-markets are you most levered to? Is it polyethylene,
ammonia, methanol? Some of those are not doing very well. And is the
profitability of your take-or-pay contracts -- is it affected by operating
rates?

SEIFI GHASEMI: First of all, as you know the nature of our
business, our supply contracts have a fixed monthly charge. It is not dependent
on the profitability of the customer. So whether those markets are up or down
doesn't really affect our monthly fee that we get.

The second thing is that most of our exposure is to coal to
liquids and we don't have a lot of exposure to methanol and all of that. But I
would like Corning to expand on this.

CORNING PAINTER: I think the key thing here is they are all
operating. These are plants with high fixed costs, low operating costs. We have
a mix of end-markets that it goes into. We've got strong contract coverage and
you can see the impact in our results. It's quite a positive for us.

STEVE BYRNE: But you do have an effect on operating rate? It
does -- beyond the monthly fee?

SEIFI GHASEMI: No, it doesn't.

CORNING PAINTER: No, no.

SEIFI GHASEMI: It doesn't. It's a fixed price. Whether a
customer operates at 70%, 50%, or 90%, we get the same fee.

STEVE BYRNE: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: P.J. Juvekar, Citi.

P.J. JUVEKAR, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: Good morning. In Asia your
volumes are up nicely, 11%. How much of that was base business and how much of
that was any new plant start-ups that you had?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Well, I'd like to have Corning answer that.

CORNING PAINTER: Right, so thank you for the question. A
little more than half of that is the new plant startups, and we all expect that
and so forth. But nearly half of that step up is the base business, including
in China, so I really think that's tremendous and speaks a lot about the
resilience of the business we have there.

P.J. JUVEKAR: With oil prices near $30 are you seeing any
project delays or cancellations in energy end-markets? I noticed that you
dropped your CapEx guidance. Is that because you're going after high-return
projects or is that because there is not a growth -- lack of growth
opportunities or a combination of both?

SEIFI GHASEMI: P.J., we have not seen any cancellations of
the projects that we are working on. We have dropped CapEx because -- primarily
because we have stopped spending money on Tees Valley II. That expenditure,
P.J., was at the rate of more than $20 million a month, so that is where the
saving is coming from.

P.J. JUVEKAR: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Jeff Zekauskas, JPMorgan.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Good morning. Can you
talk about your backlog in LNG and how much risk you think is in the business
this year if you think there is risk in it?

SEIFI GHASEMI: There is no risk on the business this year.
The projects that we are working on are -- have not been canceled, Jeff. I
think we said that at the -- Simon said that in his comments. We haven't seen
any cancellation.

The issue that we have is for the future projects that we
were counting on on the years to come; those projects have been put on hold.
None of them have been canceled, but they have been put on hold, so that's the
part that we have to see. But this year we are not at risk at all.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Okay, thank you for that. Then for my
follow-up, if you look at your industrial gas demand in Europe and in the
United States, it seems to be somewhat below GDP growth. And there are all
kinds of reasons why there are pressures on the industrial gas business.

Has the makeup of your customer base changed so much that
it's difficult for industrial gas to grow at a GDP rate now or do you see this
as merely cyclical?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Look, Jeff, on that one I will give you an
answer and then I will allow Corning to expand on that. You know very well that
the GDP in the United States, 70% of that GDP is discretionary consumer
spendings. The industrial production, which our sales are related to, that one
is not growing as much.

So our correlation of our sales has always been with
industrial production. As a result of that, we don't see any change in our
customer mix to make us believe that we will have lower growth rates as
compared to the past.

But, Corning, you want to make any --?

CORNING PAINTER: Maybe just one other insight I can add to
that. I think we're in a market situation where it's maybe a little less likely
to make -- useful to look at a broad, sweeping statement about a market --
Europe, North America, China -- in that different segments within each
industrial economy are doing better and worse and have very different
approaches.

Even in steel you could say, well, there's overcapacity; it
is impacted by lower oil. But automotive demand is quite strong. So I think we
are sort of in a spikey market where some specific end-markets do better and
worse than others.

JEFF ZEKAUSKAS: Okay, great. Thank you so much.

OPERATOR: Vincent Andrews, Morgan Stanley.

VINCENT ANDREWS, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Thank you and good
morning, everyone. The comments you made on the Americas pricing, it sounded
like you saw solid pricing in South America. I'm just wondering how much of
that was sort of trying to recover currency and was that ultimately offsetting
negative pricing in the United States or what's the trend as you move across
the different sub geographies of the Americas?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure, Corning?

CORNING PAINTER: Maybe the best way to get to this question
of underlying cost versus pricing is we had margin expansion, let's say from
the mix of that, in both regions. Does that answer your question?

VINCENT ANDREWS: Yes, that answers my question. Then just as
a follow-up. Do you have an update on Tees Valley I to share with us?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Not really, Vincent. What we have been doing
with Tees Valley I is for the past year we start the plant up, learn something;
the plant goes down because something goes wrong. So we're in an iterative
process of trying to learn how the gasifier behaves and if we can make it work
on a sustainable basis.

There is still a significant outstanding question about if
we will ever be able to get it to work on a sustainable basis. And as I said,
we have given ourselves a few months to keep trying it, but there will come a
time that we might stop trying. The technology is proving to be a lot more
difficult than people thought at the beginning, and I have to say we haven't
made a lot of significant progress since we talked to you last time.

VINCENT ANDREWS: Okay, thank very much.

OPERATOR: John Roberts, UBS.

JOHN ROBERTS, ANALYST, UBS: Good morning, nice quarter.
Corning, was most of the 2% price increase in the Americas in South America? It
sounded like you made a comment like that. And so we should think about that as
recovering currency?

CORNING PAINTER: We had pricing success in both North and
South America. If I were going to lay this all back to underline what's behind
it, I would say, as much as anything, it is good service, which gets you the
right to raise their price, combined with good discipline. Obviously power
rates and other inputs are a factor to it, but particularly to the comments I
made before about margin, I think it comes down to discipline and service.

JOHN ROBERTS: Secondly, do you still expect Versum to be as
leveraged as you originally thought? Rates for higher debt companies have gone
up, so I was wondering whether you are rethinking that.

SEIFI GHASEMI: We will decide that finally about, quite
honestly, two weeks before we actually go public and raise the debt. The
markets, as you know better than I do, change just about almost on a weekly
basis, so right now we have no reason to believe that we shouldn't be able to
do what we have suggested before.

But obviously in a few months, when we are actually going to
do that, we will consult with our advisors who are already working on it and
decide what is the appropriate number to put in there. We certainly, as we've
always said, we are determined to set up Versum for success and we will not
load it up with leverage that is inappropriate or load them up with significant
interest charges that they cannot afford.

But the company, as Guillermo has been explaining to you,
they are doing very well and their capacity for debt is significantly even more
than what we have suggested no matter what the markets. But we will make that
decision right before we actually do it.

JOHN ROBERTS: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Mike Harrison, Seaport Global Securities.

MIKE HARRISON, ANALYST, SEAPORT GLOBAL SECURITIES: Good
morning. Guillermo, I was wondering if you could talk about the big decline in
delivery systems within Electronic Materials. Should we view that as a negative
leading indicator, or can you maybe give us some color on what that suggests
about the overall health of the electronics market? And also maybe comment; was
there any tailwind from inventory revaluation in the quarter?

GUILLERMO NOVO: First, let me talk on the delivery systems.
Actually nothing we've said is new. I think in the last two calls we already
predicted that this -- the delivery systems, the equipment business was going
to be slowing down versus prior year; a lot of it was because of some projects
that we did last year. So our delta was probably more driven from that project
differential.

Now if you look at a lot of the projections, and this has
been how the actual demand has been tracking from a lot of the third-party
industry, the projection was for a softening in CapEx that would start to pick
up in the back end of 2016 and we are still tracking that. So it hasn't been a
big surprise for us.

Regarding the inventory reval, this is why I'm a little bit
more cautious for the second quarter. Not that we are seeing a big change in
dynamics versus what we've projected in the past, but in the near term the
headwinds of currency, oil price deflation, and the impact it's having on our price
so we should have some inventory reval.

But also on the demand side, a lot of our customers --
unlike gases, we have inventory; our customers have inventory. And some of the
demand softness that we are seeing is just people taking actions on their inventory
levels.

MIKE HARRISON: All right. Then you guys commented that
refinery hydrogen volumes in EMEA were lower. Can you give some additional
details on that? Were there some shutdowns or what's going on?

CORNING PAINTER: Well, we did have a steam methane reformer
that we shut down last year, but if I were going to say sequentially I think
it's just a shift to slightly sweeter feedstock taking place there right now.

MIKE HARRISON: All right, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Nils Wallin, CLSA.

NILS WALLIN, ANALYST, CLSA AMERICAS: First off on Jazan, it
looks the timing might have been pushed out a little bit, yet you are booking
revenues now. So is there anything that is new or that you can update us on
that project?

SEIFI GHASEMI: First of all, we are not aware of anything
being pushed out. The project is on schedule and Saudi Aramco is actually
pushing us to complete the project on time. So we haven't had any delays on
that. No, we are executing with great speed on that.

NILS WALLIN: Understood. And just with respect to the
LOX/LIN market in China, certainly there's been some talk about steel closures
in some of the Chinese producers. Do you think that will affect overall LOX/LIN
volumes or there will be no change there?

SEIFI GHASEMI: I'll have Corning to comment on that.

CORNING PAINTER: First of all, the results that we reported
today reflect everything that has happened to date.

I think the question of what's going to happen in steel is
interesting. Many of those steel mills have their own captive air separation
plant. Many of them sell that onto the market, and if those were to close, that
would be an interesting impact and might take some capacity out.

NILS WALLIN: Got it, thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Duffy Fisher, Barclays.

DUFFY FISCHER, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Good morning,
fellows. Maybe first one for Scott, on the cost programs, which have been very
successful so far, the first $300 million is kind of a $75 million run rate per
quarter. Did we see all of that impacting the first quarter?

And then when this year will we anniversary or when do you
think we will anniversary that first $300 million? Then on the second $300
million over four years, you would think about that as being $75 million per
year. Is it back-end loaded, front-end loaded? How should we think about that
rolling through?

SEIFI GHASEMI: First of all, on the $300 million we did see
the $75 million savings in the first quarter. And on the second thing, we have
said $75 million a year, but we are beginning -- starting that beginning of
2016, so we expect to deliver about half of that in 2016. So in our forecast we
have about $35 million, $36 million of additional savings in 2016, but then in
2017 we should have the whole $75 million.

DUFFY FISCHER: Okay, understood. Great. Then just a
follow-up on the China situation. You guys were reporting good volumes there or
improving volumes. How long do you think that needs to continue before that
market starts to get healthy?

I know, Seifi, you've talked about it being massively
oversupplied. Is it a six-quarter issue? Is it a 12-quarter issue? How long
before that market can start to get healthy?

SEIFI GHASEMI: It's obviously going to take a while because,
as you know, the overcapacity, the installed capacity is about 55,000 and the
demand is about 27,000 tons a day. But the shutdown of some of these older
steel plants will help. Obviously, China is growing, so whether it will take
another three years, another four years, or another five years is debatable.

Anyway, that's my view. I'll have Corning to kind of comment
on that, too.

CORNING PAINTER: I think we talk a lot about focusing on
what we control and we don't really fully control in that marketplace, and I
really hesitate to guess how that's all going to be. But I think what matters
for us is continuing to drive our retail sales, which sequentially are up again
for us; working with end-use customers; continuing to load the capacity that we
have in the ground and we are highly focused on that.

DUFFY FISCHER: Terrific. Thank you, guys.

OPERATOR: Jim Sheehan, SunTrust.

JIM SHEEHAN, ANALYST, SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY: Morning,
Seifi. You guys gave some good commentary on the Asia market and then China.
Was wondering if you could also give us an update on what merchant utilization
rates look like in the other regions and what your outlook is in each one.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Sure. Corning will be happy to do that.

CORNING PAINTER: Our utilization really runs in the 70s and
a little bit lower, I guess I would say, in South America right now. And I
think we see ourselves continuing to operate in that range.

JIM SHEEHAN: And Europe?

CORNING PAINTER: I'm speaking for Europe as well. Europe
would be in the 70s as well.

JIM SHEEHAN: Great. And in terms of your cash from
operations outlook in 2016, how much growth are you expecting?

SEIFI GHASEMI: When you say cash from operations, do you
mean free cash flow? Well, we did about $200 million in the first quarter, so
I'm hoping for that trend to continue, but I'm not suggesting we will have $800
million of free cash. But we might.

It depends on the project. It depends on how much money we
spend on the new projects that are coming on stream, but we feel pretty good
about significant free cash generation.

Scott, you want to make any additional comments?

SCOTT CROCCO: Sure, just to build on it. As I've said in the
past, we're focused on generating as much cash as we can from our existing
assets. That's the EBITDA. And then, as Seifi mentioned, going through our cash
flow priorities, recognizing where to spend the right amount of money on the
maintenance capital.

And so we feel good about where we are. We are going to
continue to focus on cash. Again, generating from the assets we have in the
ground and then making sure that we are very disciplined in how we deploy that
capital.

JIM SHEEHAN: Thank you.

OPERATOR: David Manthey, Robert W. Baird.

DAVID MANTHEY, ANALYST, ROBERT W. BAIRD & COMPANY: Good
morning. Seifi, in response to a previous question about the current global
situation, I'm wondering if you can just help us understand; do you view the
recent changes in global industrial demand, in energy, and emerging markets, do
you view that as cyclical or secular? And are there any implications on your
growth strategy as you go forward?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Quite honestly, we haven't seen anything
earth-shattering change in the last quarter since we talked to you last time.
Obviously, as you know better than I do, it's very difficult to predict what's
going to happen, but right now we don't have any reason to be pessimistic about
growth opportunities for industrial gases.

I have always said that I have a little bit of a different
point of view from my colleagues. I see a lot of opportunities for us to engage
in new projects. We have engaged in new projects and we have been able to win
projects that were north of 10% return.

So we continue to be optimistic about the opportunities for
growth in different sectors around the world, especially U.S. Gulf Coast and
obviously China in terms of bigger projects. We are focused on those. We have
opportunities in the Middle East that we are working on, so I don't have any
reason to be really pessimistic about the future of the industrial gases in
general.

Specifically, in terms of the liquid market in the different
parts of the world, a little bit up, a little bit down, but nothing has really
changed since we talked to you last time to make us more optimistic or less
optimistic.

DAVID MANTHEY: Okay, thanks for taking the question.

OPERATOR: Mike Sison, KeyBanc.

MIKE SISON, ANALYST, KEYBANC CAPITAL MARKETS: Good morning,
guys. Nice quarter. A couple quick ones on Versum. What type of growth,
earnings growth do you expect to see this year? And could you give us kind of
how to think about that business over the next three to five years?

SEIFI GHASEMI: Guillermo will be happy to answer that.
Whatever he says is not enough; we should do more than that, but go ahead.

GUILLERMO NOVO: We are continuing to see good progress. The
core driver of our business, at the end of the day, is innovation and how we
are playing in the different segments of the businesses that we are in, both in
electronics and performance materials. So we are very bullish.

We see the longer-term trends on mobility continue to grow,
especially towards the back end of the year; environmental drivers, performance
drivers that are driving our PMD business. So we said that we expect to grow at
1.5 to 2 times GDP and we are still comfortable with that long-term outlook.
Obviously, in the near term we have a little bit more fluctuation based on
what's happening with the base business, and that's more linked to GDP growth
and global demand.

MIKE SISON: Okay, great. Quick follow-up; in terms of the
capacity expansions for advanced materials, do you have customers lined up for
that? How much growth does that support for you over the next couple years?

GUILLERMO NOVO: If you look at our materials business, this
is very different from the gases where it's more project oriented; you build it
and then you sell it out. For us, we sell it out; we develop the products, we
develop markets, and then we build the capacity to support our long-term
growth.

So we don't look at it as we're going to start this plant
and generate new business. We will reload our entire network and that will give
us opportunities; not only to support new volume growth, but optimize our cost
structure, our supply chain, and our productivity across the network.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Thank you, Guillermo. We are well past the
one hour usually allocated, so we will take one more question, please.

OPERATOR: Don Carson, Susquehanna Financial Group.

EMILY WAGNER, ANALYST, SUSQUEHANNA FINANCIAL GROUP: This is
actually Emily Wagner on for Don Carson. We just had a few questions on EMEA.
Do you think you could break down the 470 basis points operating margin
improvement from restructuring versus lower energy pass-through?

SCOTT CROCCO: I think (inaudible) scramble to do that in the
moment, but I would say the energy pass-through is a much smaller portion there
than what we see in North America.

SEIFI GHASEMI: Yes. For the exact, exact number, obviously
-- I would say -- I don't have the exact number to quote you, but I can
confidently say that most of it is from restructuring. Simon can give you the
exact number later, but I wouldn't be surprised if 90% of it is restructuring.
[As a matter of fact], it is 90% restructuring.

EMILY WAGNER: Thank you.

SEIFI GHASEMI: With that, thank you very much for being on
our call. We very much appreciate your interest in our Company and we look
forward to talk to you next quarter and report even better results. Thank you
again.

OPERATOR: That concludes today's conference call. We
appreciate your participation.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012916a5896670.770










 EXECUTIVES (91%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (72%)










  AIR PRODUCTS & CHEMICALS INC (98%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (90%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (84%);

ROBERT W BAIRD & CO INC (70%);

CITIGROUP INC (57%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (57%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (57%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (56%)










 APD (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (90%); C (NYSE) (57%); C
(BMV) (57%); 8710 (TSE) (57%); MS (NYSE) (57%); DEUT (JSE) (57%); DBK (FRA)
(57%); DBK (BIT) (57%); DBETN (JSE) (57%); DB (NYSE) (57%); JPM (NYSE) (57%);
JPM (LSE) (57%)










 CHEMICALS (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INDUSTRIAL
GASES (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (78%)










 SEIFI GHASEMI (89%)










 February 1, 2016




