FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
23, 2020 Thursday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 10276 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer & Executive VP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President of Alaska Airlines
Inc. & Director

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Christopher Michael Berry

. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Diana Birkett Rakow

. - VP of External Relations

* Emily Halverson

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - IR

* Kyle B. Levine

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Chief Ethics & Compliance
Officer, Senior VP of Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

* Nathaniel Pieper

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Fleet, Finance and Alliances

* Shane R. Tackett

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - CFO & EVP of finance

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Research Division - Equity
Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JPMorgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Myles Alexander Walton

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD & Senior
Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James Ltd., Research Division - Research Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Erica, and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group second quarter earnings release conference call. Today's
call is being recorded and will be available for future playback at
alaskaair.com. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.

I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Director, Investor Relations, Emily Halverson.

EMILY HALVERSON, IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thank you,
Erica. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter 2020
earnings call. On today's call, you'll hear updates from Brad, Ben and Shane.
Several other members of our management team are also on the line to answer
your questions during the Q&A portion of the call.

The global health and economic crises continue to
significantly impact our business and outlook. This morning, Alaska Air Group
reported a second quarter GAAP net loss of $214 million. Excluding special
items and mark-to-market adjustments, Air Group reported an adjusted net loss
of $439 million. Special items this quarter include approximately $69 million
of lease return charges that were triggered as a result of certain aircraft
being permanently parked and a $362 million benefit related to the CARES Act
payroll support program wage offset.

As a reminder, our comments today will include forward-looking
statements regarding future performance, which may differ materially from our
actual results. Information on risk factors that could affect our business can
be found in our SEC filings.

On today's call, we'll refer to certain non-GAAP financial
measures, such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding fuel. And as
usual, we've provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable
GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's earnings release.

And now I'll turn it over to Brad for his opening remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Emily, and good morning, everybody.

As you all know, we're now nearly 5 months into the deepest
and most uncertain downturn in aviation history. While we've weathered many
crises before, this global health pandemic and economic devastation are unlike
any the industry has faced before. Here at Alaska, we're focused on 2
priorities: first, keeping our employees and guests healthy and safe; and
second, ensuring our airline is here to support and serve them in the future.
I'm very confident that we're taking the right steps to get us through the
crisis and to ensure our long-term success.

In the second quarter, our leaders and frontline employees
took dramatic action to reduce our capacity, to significantly lower our cost
trajectory, to fortify our liquidity and to moderate our cash burn rate. The
men and women of Alaska and Horizon have always been at their best in the face
of adversity, and this could not be more true today. Here are a few examples of
their efforts.

Our health and safety team led by Max Tidwell have led the
charge in ensuring the health and safety of our guests. They've partnered with
infectious disease experts from the University of Washington and other medical
advisers to add layers of safety throughout the travel journey that build our
guest confidence in flying. Ben will touch on these measures in a moment, and
many of these are also highlighted in our press release.

Our crews and frontline workers have continued to provide
our guests with remarkable care. Scaling down our operation, revising schedules
and changing policies have introduced a great deal of change and complexity to
our operation. Our people have handled this complexity with poise and grace, educating
our guests about the in-airport and onboard policy changes and providing them
the best and safest experience possible.

In the back office, our alliance teams and many others have
continued to lay important groundwork for our future by moving our partnerships
with American and oneworld forward. We're pleased to announce that we've
received our formal invitation to join the oneworld alliance. And we challenge
our teams to accelerate their behind-the-scenes efforts to push for our
entrance by the end of the year. This is admittedly an aggressive goal.

And our finance and legal teams have worked with dedication
to preserve and enhance our financial strength. In July, the team secured new
EETC debt financing of nearly $1.2 billion, increasing our already strong
liquidity position to $3.7 billion today. We entered this crisis with a strong
balance sheet, and this liquidity infusion gives us even more staying power.

As Emily mentioned, we reported a second quarter adjusted
net loss of $439 million, which excludes the benefit of CARES Act payroll
support program. These results came while flying at capacity levels that were
75% below the prior year. This is a sobering loss. It's the largest quarterly
loss in our history, and it's obviously not a sustainable result.

Our total revenues were down 82% for the quarter. And as bad
as this number is, we believe it will be significantly better than the
industry, which is a testament to our route structure and our low fares. Our
adjusted operating expenses were down 47% for the quarter. And excluding PSP
wage offsets, our wages and related costs were down 20%.

In the second quarter, we were among the fastest in the
industry to bring our cash burn rate down. During the month of June, our
absolute cash burn rate of $4 million per day was best in the industry on a
size-adjusted basis. We expect our July cash burn rate to be up in part due to
slowing ticket sales.

We're fully focused on getting our cash burn rate to 0. As
you know, it's our goal to reach this objective by year-end, and achieving this
goal will require 2 things: one, it will require us to do everything possible
to manage costs and to help our customers know that they are safe flying with
us; and two, it will require a more positive national backdrop with respect to
the virus.

The news of late has been negative, with cases up,
return-to-office schedules delayed, quarantines extended and schools announcing
remote learning for the fall. We take great pride in controlling everything
that is within our control. We will continue to do this, and I am very
confident that Alaska will reach cash breakeven at or near the front of the
pack with respect to our airline competitors.

Once we get beyond cash breakeven, we have confidence that
our low-fare, low-cost structure and our strong network footprint will continue
to be a source of strength, but the reality we likely face is that a recovery
to 2019 levels will take at least 2 years.

Flexibility is essential in this environment. But given what
we know today, we are planning for our business to be smaller for the
foreseeable future. Ben will share more details in a moment, but our current
plans are to be 35% smaller than last year in October and then building
gradually to 20% smaller than 2019 levels by the summer of 2021.

We've made some difficult changes to reduce management
positions, and we're working on programs now for our frontline employees. We've
made significant progress already, and I'm optimistic that we'll continue to
reduce the number of furloughs required through early-out programs, leaves of
absence and incentive leaves. Ben and Shane will talk more about these in a
moment.

To be clear, our employees did nothing to cause or
contribute to the economic environment that has led us to make these
challenging decisions, and they've given everything they've got to push Alaska
and Horizon forward. These 2 facts make these decisions incredibly difficult.

We look forward to a day when we return to growing our
airline. For today, we're focused on structuring our organization for our
current reality, and this means adjusting our fleet size and our employee base.
While this is a necessary step, I know that everyone here has the resolve to
set a strong new foundation from which we can and will build our airline back
to the size and growth trajectory we had prior to the crisis.

Before I pass this over to Ben, I want to recognize the
heavy weight that many people in our country, including many of our employees,
are carrying in these trying times. On top of the tragedy of the coronavirus,
our nation is grappling with long-standing and deeply rooted racial injustice.
We all have a responsibility to do better, and I want the black employees at
Alaska and Horizon to know that this is a responsibility that those of us in
leadership embrace. We stand for helping one another, and we stand for being
good to one another. We are committed to listen, to learn and to do everything
we can to effect positive and lasting changes in our company, in our
communities and in our country.

And with that, I'll turn this over to Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC. &
DIRECTOR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone.

Since this crisis began, our leadership team has been
focused on creating plans for whatever scenario we may encounter to candidly
communicate those plans with our people and then to execute to the best of our
abilities. Before updating you on how we're doing that, I'd like to provide
some context for what we're seeing in the current environment.

By several measures, it is clear that the low point in this
down cycle was in April. And we have now begun the slow, likely uneven, climb
to recovery. April load factors were 16% as passenger counts had bottomed early
in the month at only 4% of normal levels. Flight searches and new bookings hit
a low point the following week, demonstrating confidence in future travel was
also eroding.

Load factors then improved to 52% for June due to both
returning passenger demand and actions we took to rightsize our capacity.
Passenger counts increased to an average of 30,000 per day or 20% of normal,
and flight searches at alaskaair.com rebounded to better than 50% of normal.
These developments came as markets along the West Coast and the Southwest,
including Texas, Phoenix and Las Vegas, moved to reopen and people's confidence
in flying grew, driving leisure demand back to approximately 50% of normal
levels.

We expect July load factors to show further improvement to
approximately 55% on a sequential 5-point increase in capacity from June. But
as Brad mentioned, we've seen some of these upward trends stall more recently
as many of the geographies where we fly have experienced an increase in case
levels, which paused many of the local reopening plans.

Demand is not something we can fully control, but we are
doing our best to earn guest confidence and create the right environment for an
eventual strong return in demand. Today, we recognize that customers fall into
1 of 3 buckets: those who will travel, those who might travel and those who
won't travel. By delivering best-in-class health and safety policies and clear
communications, we're connecting with those who will and those who might,
providing them confidence that flying is safe. Even those who won't travel
today have the potential to say they might travel tomorrow, and we believe we
must be earning their trust as well.

Sangita Woerner's team has done a fantastic job implementing
the program we call Next-Level Care, offering layers of safety through every
single stage of travel and helping our guests build confidence for flying. Our
safety measures include: making the preflight experience as contactless as
possible and adding a health agreement during check-in; requiring masks for
both guests and employees and empowering our crews to enforce the policy with
the ability to issue a formal warning to any guest who refuses to do so; using
the latest air filtration technology and hospital-grade filters to remove
particulates and fully recycle air in the cabin every 2 to 3 minutes; exceeding
CDC cleaning guidelines and using high-grade disinfectants to reduce the risk
of transmissions on board; and keeping middle seats open through September 30,
preserving our guests' ability to create personal distance while flying.

In our Alaska Listens survey, we've surveyed thousands of
guests, and what they care most about are consistent mask policies, the
blocking of middle seats and clean airplanes. 80% of those surveyed also
reported that our Next-Level Care measures are working, and they feel strongly
that we've created a healthy and safe environment for flying.

Alaska is also a strong advocate for temperature screening,
and we are actively lobbying for screening to be implemented at airports by
TSA. Collectively, we believe these actions we're taking will lay the
groundwork for guests to confidently return to flying when they are ready.

Shifting now to our longer-term plans. We are committed to
doing whatever is necessary to improve our competitive position and set the
stage for future growth. Our top financial priority remains improving our cash
burn rate and progressing towards our goal to achieve cash breakeven by
year-end. To put this in context, I'll share some of our planning assumptions.

When we spoke with you last quarter, we knew very little
about the crisis we are in today. The future is still largely uncertain and
volatile, but the second quarter provided some key insights that help refine
our thinking. Today, we are planning for Q3 capacity to be down by
approximately 50%, and Q4 will be down by approximately 35%. At these capacity
levels, we are also making a planning assumption that cash bookings will
recover to 40% to 60% of normal by December.

This is not guidance, but demonstrates the parameters that
we are operating within as we work to restructure our company. We believe these
are reasonable planning assumptions for a few reasons. First, in June, we saw
that traveler confidence and psychological safety are strongly connected. As
destinations moved to reopen and health concerns began to subside, leisure
demand returned quickly. This tells us that the desire to travel is there, just
below the surface. Unlocking this potential requires ongoing societal progress
and cooperation through behaviors like mask-wearing, better, faster and more
reliable testing methods and improved treatments like a vaccine. We believe
this progress will be made, even if slowly. Together, these factors would
support continued leisure recovery.

Second, we're in the midst of the biggest demand contraction
in the history of our industry. As we all know, there are far too many seats
flying today for the demand that currently exists. Adding capacity back in a
disciplined manner is important for the health of the industry and is critical
to our company's cash breakeven goals.

Planning for a business that will be 35% smaller in the
fourth quarter has implications for our operation and for our people. We have
been clear with our employees that no one has a crystal ball to the post-COVID
environment, and we will adjust course on capacity if our assumptions don't
materialize. Whatever demand and revenue scenario we face, maintaining the
strong liquidity position we have built is paramount, and our goal to achieve
cash burn breakeven is a primary factor in the scenario plans we're putting
together. Shane will share those details in a moment.

The strong showing from teams across the organization in the
second quarter gives me confidence that we are prepared to manage the change
and challenges we're facing. I am so grateful for our dedicated and talented
people, and I know we will emerge from this crisis stronger than we came in.

With that, I will pass it to Shane.

SHANE R. TACKETT, CFO & EVP OF FINANCE, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Ben, and hi, everyone.

Last quarter, we spoke to you about the factors we were
focused on as we were beginning to manage Alaska through the initial shock of
the COVID-19 crisis, including building our liquidity and aggressively managing
our cost profile to preserve cash. Today, I'll provide an update on both areas
as well as share initial thoughts on restructuring Alaska for the future.

On the liquidity front, we began 2020 with $1.5 billion in
cash and marketable securities. Since March, we have added over $3 billion to
that liquidity from: a $400 million draw on existing credit lines; $425 million
from a 1-year loan in March; $163 million in new financing secured by aircraft;
approximately $1 billion in payroll support via the CARES Act; and in July, we
added $1.2 billion of cash through a EETC transaction.

Accumulating this level of liquidity in about 90 days' time
is a superb achievement with credit due to our teams in treasury, finance and
legal. The EETC is a new addition to our capital structure, and the team was
superb in telling Alaska's story, attracting new investors and closing the $1.2
billion raise at reasonable rates.

I would add that while we moved quickly, we also had clear
objectives we applied to guide our thinking about how to initially add
liquidity during this crisis, which were: one, retaining strategic and
financial flexibility; two, achieving a low cost of financing; three,
maximizing cash yield from our collateral; and four, avoiding dilution of our
equity base.

Our current financing mix nicely balances these objectives
and leaves room for us to take further action if we need to. Today, we have
$3.7 billion of cash on hand. We have $1.1 billion of unencumbered aircraft and
non-aircraft collateral, and we also have our Mileage Plan assets available to
use as collateral for future financing.

In the immediate term, given the uncertainty going forward,
we do intend to continue to evaluate and pursue smart ways to add liquidity. We
are in ongoing discussions with the United States Treasury for participation in
the CARES Act loan program, which could provide an additional $1.1 billion in
financing, utilizing our Mileage Plan assets as collateral. In July, we signed
a nonbinding LOI with Treasury and anticipate final terms would be reached over
the next 8 weeks. In parallel to the ongoing discussions with Treasury, we are
evaluating other avenues of collateralizing Mileage Plan and other assets as
well.

In addition to raising capital, the most important goal we
have is to aggressively manage our cash burn rate. As mentioned, we do believe
we were successful this past quarter in managing cash burn down at the quickest
rate in the industry. This progress is a testament to Alaska's low-cost culture
and the commitment of employees throughout our organization. In fact, in the
second quarter, our adjusted operating expenses reduced by 47% on 75% less
capacity. We typically view our cost as 40% variable in the near term, so to
achieve a 47% reduction is a good result.

Regarding the cash burn rate, ours declined from over $400
million per month run rate exiting March to $120 million in June. As a
reminder, we define cash burn as all operating cash receipts or cash that will
turn into revenue, plus investment earnings, offset by all cash expenditures,
including debt service and CapEx. We exclude financing raises or payroll
support funding from this metric.

The improvement between March and June was driven by:
improved bookings with stabilized cancellations; payroll savings of $45 million
through the use of voluntary leaves, reducing management schedules and flexing
crews down to contractual minimums; variable cost removal on reduced capacity;
and the immediate suspension of discretionary and reduction of overhead spend.

July's cash burn, however, will be higher than June's driven
by the slowing of forward ticket sales and the variable cost of incremental
flying in the month. As Ben mentioned, our planning assumption today is for
capacity to be down 35% in Q4, and we are planning for cash booking scenarios
of down 40% to down 60%.

I want to expand on what that will mean for our cash burn
goals, our people and our cost structure. To achieve cash breakeven by year-end
while operating at levels 35% below 2019, we must reduce the size of our
workforce. Today, we have approximately 23,000 employees, and we would likely
need as many as 7,000 fewer active in the fourth quarter. Our goal is to
mitigate to the greatest degree possible involuntary furloughs. As of today,
over 30% of our employees are on voluntary leaves of absence, and we will
continue to offer that program for the remainder of the year.

In July, we initiated early-out programs for all of our
frontline workers and offered incentive leaves to pilots. While we will need to
send out WARN notices on August 1 to potentially impacted employees, these
mitigation efforts will reduce the number of involuntary furloughs that we
expect to face in the future. Also, we have made the decision to reduce our
management positions by 300 or 15% effective October 1. These are in addition
to prior reductions of about 200 over the past couple of years. It goes without
saying these decisions have regrettable and meaningful impacts on employees who
invested their careers here. While extraordinarily difficult, these actions are
necessary given the realities of our business going forward.

Beyond these immediate decisions impacting our payroll, we
are also finalizing our plans to repair our cost structure and to ensure our
ability to reach cash breakeven even in a severely depressed revenue
environment. It is our intent to ultimately return Alaska to pre-COVID CASMex
levels even if we are a smaller company on a sustained basis. To begin that
effort, we are targeting to achieve structural cost reductions that would hit a
$250 million savings run rate exiting the year. We'll have more to say on
future calls on specifics of our restructuring plan.

As we turn to questions, I would close by saying that while
all of this is easy to read off of my script, the truth is these things are
very hard to do because they impact people. We are truly drawing lessons from
our past where tough but balanced decisions were made by those management
teams, which then put Alaska on a course to achieve all it has the past 15
years. And that mindset hasn't changed. We have to run a good business in order
to have the future we want for our people.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from the line of Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe Shane or Ben,
can you just talk about maybe some of the conversations you're having with your
corporate customers? You talked about maybe the kind of the 3 bucket of your
customers. And can you maybe speak to kind of the confidence you have at maybe
the pace at which corporate returns and maybe how much does not return? And I
know it's a difficult question, but maybe just kind of the framework you're
using to approach that.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks, Joe. I'm going to let Andrew.
Andrew's been doing some work on that, so Andrew can provide some color.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER & EXECUTIVE VP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Joe, thanks for your question.
Yes, we're obviously talking about corporate customers weekly. We're seeing
what I believe the whole industry is seeing, is that the corporate travel is
massively down, over 90%. A big part of what the corporate accounts are dealing
with is this concept of duty of care. And so with the extension of closing of
office spaces, right now, we're not really seeing any thawing in the business
demand. And so as Shane has been discussing, we are just going to be
structuring our business in a way for a more prolonged comeback of business.
That said, we've always excelled on the leisure side, and that we continue to
expect to occur.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: And then, Shane, just on the loyalty
program, if you use it as collateral for the loan package from Treasury, how
much additional, I guess, financing capacity do you think exists against it?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Thanks, Joe. I appreciate the
question. So as you know, and I think this is one issue we are running into
with the CARES loan program with Treasury. They're capped in how much that they
can actually allow us to finance with that program. And we believe that they're
capped at a rate that's well below the total value of Mileage Plan. And so it
was our intent to pursue getting additional financing out in the public
markets.

Recently, we've been presented with terms that would limit
our ability to do that, and that wasn't something we expected to be part of the
terms with Treasury 45 days ago. So we are still processing that, working with
Treasury in making sure that they understand that we think our ability to get
full value for Mileage Plan from multiple sources, partly from them and partly
from public markets, is, in fact, in everybody's best interest. So we're
working through that.

I think what we showed last time, we kind of gave you guys
the road map that suggests that the Mileage Plan value was a little over $5
billion. And you can sort of apply your best guess on LTVs or how much we could
get from it. But the government is capped at $1.1 billion, and we think we can
raise much more on the $5 billion or more base of value that we have.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Savi Syth with Raymond
James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, RESEARCH ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
LTD., RESEARCH DIVISION: Appreciate all the color on the cash burn and
everything. I was kind of curious, so does this $250 million structural
program, I realize it's a stretched goal, but does that get you to cash
breakeven today if things do not improve the way you're thinking about it?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Thanks, Savi. They're totally connected.
And I want to make sure that everybody is clear. It's really a run rate. It's
an exit rate that would annualize at $250 million. So it's not necessarily
structural reduction of $250 million between now and the end of the year. It's
definitely going to be part of the formula that gets us to cash breakeven.

I think even on the 40% to 60% revenue scenario, we would
have to do this to get there. But beyond that, obviously, cash breakeven is a
waypoint on our way back to some level of profitability and paying back our
debt and growing again. And there's no doubt in our mind that we will have to
be very aggressive on restructuring the company to ultimately get back into a
growth trajectory and to pay down this debt that we've taken on.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: That's helpful. And then if I might
follow up on the revenue answer and commentary. So I'm just trying to
understand as you think through kind of the projection here. The September
average, is it kind of fair to assume that September doesn't do as well as
August on a year-over-year revenue basis because it historically relies more on
business passengers or are you kind of based on kind of the build you're seeing
in leisure, et cetera, is that not a fair assumption?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Savi, I'll -- and I don't know if
Andrew wants to add color. I think it's a fair assumption that September would
be worse than August based on what we're seeing today. I don't know that I
would sort of say that those are the drivers. But as Andrew mentioned, we don't
expect business travel to be back anytime soon, certainly not by September.

I think we would have hoped and expected that had the
country not had to sort of go back into a shutdown mode, that we would be
seeing incremental gains sequentially through the quarter. And that just
doesn't look like it's going to happen right now, and that's kind of what Brad
and Ben both touched on in the script.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. Savi, it's Brad. I think there's
normally maybe, there is business seasonality which would help most Septembers.
But September is still, the weather is still good. Kids are going back to
school. I really think what we're seeing is what all airlines are seeing is the
news feed has just changed, that the coronaviruses have spiked. Quarantines are
moving from July 1 to August 1 to September 1. They could go longer. Employers
are announcing basically that they don't want their people traveling and that
return-to-office schedules are being delayed. Schools in a lot of our
geographies -- that's the driver. And we've seen it.

We tried to say this in the prepared remarks. Sometimes you
see this up more clearly in retrospect, but we were on a really nice clip
through the July 4 weekend in terms of, seems like every day, there was 1,000
customers more than the previous day.

But as the narrative changed and as the headlines changed, I
do think every airline has seen softness in bookings for future travel. And
that's the thing that's making us nervous about August and September. While
we're on it, I do want to say that we're committed to managing our schedule
responsibly and we're committed to doing everything we can to get the cash burn
of 0 at or near the front of the pack of the industry. We're not giving these
industry commentary as an out or anything like that. We're going to manage what
we can control as good as anybody out there, I believe. But I just do think
folks should know that the environment is -- and I think you know this already.
The environment is quite a bit different than it was 30 days ago.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Hunter Keay with Wolfe
Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So I think you're
secure enough for me to ask you this question. Obviously, COVID is an
opportunity to make a lot of changes that can't be made when times are good. So
what are 2 or 3 things that you think Southwest Airlines does really well that
you think you can mimic for yourselves?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Well, Hunter, it's Ben. I think right off
the bat, I think our company respects Southwest tremendously. They're a great
company and they're led by fantastic people. I think when you look at
Southwest, I think their success lies on a core of having a low-cost structure.
And that is something, as you know, we focused on our whole -- at least in my
whole career here and Brad's whole career. So a low cost matters in good times
or in bad times. So I think if there's one thing that we both admired about
Southwest and will continue to emulate is that a strong balance sheet. Shane
said it, the less cash we burn, the less we need to pay off when we get out of
this. So we need to get through this crisis, get to cash breakeven, start
paying on this debt and get back to our trajectory of growth and then just
having enough dry powder to take advantage of opportunities. And that's why
we're seeing Southwest just fantastic growth, and we have the same mindset. So
there are a lot of great things about them that we've admired and will continue
to do so. Brad, I don't know if you want to answer.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: It's good.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. And then maybe you said this, I'm
sorry, Shane, if not. You said it will take 2 years to restore the schedule of
2019 capacity. Does that mean that it should take about 2 years to get to that
CASMex of 2019 or better, too? Is that fair?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Hunter, yes. In the script, that's what
Brad mentioned that we -- while we don't have a crystal ball, we're looking out
and thinking it's going to be a 2-year process. I would say we would want to be
left of that. And we're not in a position to give you specific dates at this
time. But I think what I said in my script was, our intent is to get to
pre-COVID CASMex even if we're a smaller company on a sustained basis. And so
we're working through that. We'll have more to talk about on the next call, I'm
sure, on this topic. But no, I don't think that we're waiting to get back to
pre-COVID capacity to reach our pre-COVID CASMex.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JPMORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just first, just a
quick follow-up. My line was cutting in and out. You were discussing a cap at
Treasury. Maybe I misunderstood, but what specific cap were you referring to?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Jamie, this is Shane. So they are
limited in how much they can loan to each of the airlines, right? It's a $25
billion package and it's apportioned based off of capacity pre-COVID. And so
they can only loan us up to $1.128 billion. And what we were saying is, we
think our Mileage Plan assets could fetch more than that in total. We don't
want to be limited on how much we can go do with other parties.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: All right. Okay. We're good then
because I thought maybe you were referring to some arbitrary cap that they had
put on what they can accept in total in terms of -- from the industry on
loyalty as collateral. So I apologize for that.

Getting back to a pre-COVID ex fuel CASM level on a smaller
footprint, do you believe you can get there without changes in wages and work
rules?

SHANE R. TACKETT: It's a good question, Jamie. I'm not going
to totally speculate on that at this point. I will tell you that it will
require us to reach pre sort of peak levels of utilization and productivity,
which we've got to do. We were, I think, one of the best in the industry in
terms of the productivity of all of our Air Group assets, airport assets, airplanes.
Because of growth, congestion, integration, dual fleet, we've stepped off of
those peaks recently, and one way to get back to where we need to get back
there is to reclaim those peaks.

So I totally appreciate the question. I get where you're
coming from. I think it's a little premature to know exactly how we're going to
go do this, but we're going to be willing to talk about this stuff as we move
forward.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Got it. And if I can sneak in a final
one. I assume you're in possibly daily contact with officials in Hawaii. Do you
care to hazard a guess as to whether the modified September 1 date holds and
how forward bookings are looking beyond that date?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Jamie, it's Andrew. We've obviously seen
it extended a couple of times now. We're staying in close contact. I don't know
where it's going to be, but I certainly think there's a high risk that, that
may slip again. But again, we just monitor that, and we take each day as it
comes.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Catherine O'Brien with
Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So on the month of June, cash burn improvement
we saw through the quarter from your initial guide back at 1Q earnings. I know
you gave some color on what drove that better performance. But can you just
help us think about proportionately how that better performance was driven
between cost and better demand? And then as a team, it seems you have quite the
history of finding incremental cost savings. So any ongoing projects that drive
cash burn down from that $200 million figure you've gotten July out there, even
excluding a better demand backdrop?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Catie, I might start and get Shane, Shane
is going to talk about the cost side. But I think a big driver is our network
and our low-fare proposition. If you actually look at our revenue line, our
revenues were down 82%, which I said in my script. That's a bad result for any
business for any industry, but it might be the best in the industry or very
close to the best in the industry. So I think the combination of our route
network, where we fly, how we fly, our fare structures, our loyalty, that was
something that served us well in the second quarter. It's something that's going
to serve us really, really well in the future.

I do think, Shane, the cost side of it is a -- Ben, you're
talking about that. That's a muscle that Alaska has historically had and relied
upon, and that's something we're going to be at the gym making that muscle work
even better for us. Maybe you can talk about that side of things.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Catie, it's a great question. I would
go back to, it was really important that we got all of the variable cost out
that we thought we should and we did. And I talked about this last quarter, a
1:1 relationship on the variable costs, which is good to prove. We always think
we know what the variable costs are, but we were able to prove that out.

There were a lot of things that we did in the immediate term
that were probably more temporary, and that's why we're starting to shift the
conversation to structural cost reductions. A lot of the stuff in this quarter
was just suspension of all discretionary spending, really aggressive offering
of voluntary leaves, which, as I said in the script, 30% of our folks took,
which was a huge help on the payroll line.

There wasn't a lot of structural stuff that we had done in
the quarter, though. And that's what we've got to go start to work on. The
first thing that we've done is reduce the management team size, which I
mentioned in the script as well. And we're working on that list of ideas that
we've got to go execute on to get the rest of this goal that we've got out in
front of us.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay. Great. Maybe one, I don't
know how this would factor into your thought process on driving those
structural costs out. But any updates for us on the fleet decision to remain a
2-aircraft-type carrier, go back to single fleet? And then how should we be
thinking about lease return expenses for the rest of this year and next?
Obviously, not as big of a factor as it was pre-COVID, but still one to think
about.

NATHANIEL PIEPER, SVP OF FLEET, FINANCE AND ALLIANCES,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Catie, it's Nat Pieper. I think, no question, the fleet
is a healthy proportion of the structural savings that Shane is talking about.
And academically, you kind of can think of it this way, if you're going to keep
a mixed fleet going forward, you better leverage that to get advantages in ownership
cost, better lease pricing and using competition, and also on the revenue side,
having different airplanes to match the different markets.

The counter to it is on a single fleet, you better get
operating efficiencies. And so as part of the structural savings, we've got to
figure that out. And as we start to narrow down the Airbus aircraft that we
have, we parked all 10 of our A319s last quarter and 2 of our A320s. We've got
39 leased Airbus A320s left that have expirations over the next 3 to 5 years.
And we're starting to creatively look at ways to phase some of those airplanes
out. So a lot of leverage in that question and a big piece of achieving the
structural savings goal we want to.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Helane Becker with
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So can you guys codeshare with JetBlue
through the American codeshare or just on your own?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, it's Andrew here. Number one, I
think we don't have a relationship with, obviously, JetBlue. And number two,
we're not in a position to go into the privity of contract details with our
West Coast international alliance.

I will say that we are very excited and very committed in
discussions. And you've seen the recent oneworld invitation. But both American
and Alaska, I think, are really well positioned to grow our presence and
strength off the West Coast, both on the corporate side, the leisure side. And
we've spent a lot of months putting together a very compelling alliance on the
West Coast, and we're very excited to start to get that into motion.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. International isn't top of mind for
people today understandably, but competitively being able to go into the
marketplace when corporate travel is back and have a robust solution that
covers a extraordinary domestic network, but also international is important.
So we're going to push this thing hard so that when we have international
travel again, which we will, we're really well positioned.

We're super excited. American has announced service from
Seattle to Bangalore and Shanghai and London. And the oneworld offering out of
Seattle and other West Coast cities is just going to be really, really strong.
So we're excited about this, and we're going to push it hard.

HELANE R. BECKER: Yes. I appreciate that. And then for my
follow-up question is, as you think about coming out of whatever we're in now,
this COVID, this dreadful situation and you think about winning the recovery as
a smaller airline, do you think about -- I mean is it -- does this really give
you a chance to pull out of markets that maybe didn't make sense before but
that you were sort of flying because you'd either always flown them or because
Virgin America had been in that market, and they had kind of always flown them?
Like does this give you a chance to be more thoughtful about where and when you
fly?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Helane, I think the answer is yes. And
Ben and Andrew may have something they want to say to this as well. But I think
if you actually look at it, a lot of those changes have been made. It does give
us a chance to sort of to rerack the route network. And as you've seen, we're
taking cities through the -- the way I sort of think about it, Anchorage, we
say anything that we can fly out of Anchorage, we do fly. You see us do that.
Seattle, we've done a lot to fortify our position. Portland, I think there's
opportunities for us to solidify and grow.

We've got strongholds in the northwest in cities like
Spokane and Boise and Redmond, Oregon and Missoula and Bozeman. And there's
opportunities to connect those northwest cities which have a ton of mileage by
members to cities like San Jose, San Francisco, LAX and San Diego. So we're
doing some of that.

Andrew, you've done some stuff very recently out of LAX,
which -- I think the answer is yes. There is a chance to sort of reconfigure
and build the network around what we do best. In terms of holding your breath
for additional things, I don't know that I would. I think a lot of those moves
have been made. But Andrew, maybe you disagree with that. I don't know what
you'd say.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No. I think Brad's spot on. And I think
if you look at our pull downs in our network in general and even in California,
we are still in the majority in the utility of the California network, just at
a significantly reduced frequency.

And as Brad mentioned, really some of the L.A. moves is
really just a general reshaping of our network. But I will agree with one thing
in respect of all of this is that there is a rebaselining of the nation's
networks. And you are seeing all carriers having to make deliberate choices
about where they're going to serve and where they're going to make adjustments.
And I think that's going to play out over time, and we'll make sure that we are
focusing on that as we move forward.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Duane Pfennigwerth with
Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a philosophical question maybe,
given that a lot of the questions were asked, about leverage limits at the
Board level. There are so many interesting questions right now about collateral
and all the things you could potentially lever up, your Mileage Plan, your brand,
office furniture, paper clips, all of the things you could potentially lever
up. Why are there limits? Does it make sense to borrow against every last scrap
of collateral that you have right now? And if not, why not, based on the
history of the organization?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Thanks, Duane. I think that what's
imperative for us is to weather whatever shape the downturn and sort of
choppiness of recovery is. I think even with all of the raisings we've done,
we're still sub-60% debt-to-cap. And if we continue to go out and get $1
billion to $2 billion of additional liquidity, we'd be under 70% or 75%
debt-to-cap. So we still have the balance sheet room to where -- I think the
question is totally valid but a little premature because I don't think we're running
up against kind of the limit of using what sort of nontraditional assets like
brand and sort of other things like that to go and further solidify our
liquidity.

But I'll tell you, our view is, we are going to go raise the
amount of cash we need to weather this, and we'll manage the cost side super
aggressively. Once we get to cash breakeven, it's academic, we can sit there
for as long as we need to. So we're talking about both, but they're both
paramount in our mind. There's not, I think, a limit right now in front of us
where we're saying, it's too much and we're going to stop. Once we get there,
though, we obviously will come back and share that with you guys.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Certainly not a criticism of
where you are now. But I guess, drawing on the long-term history of the
company, what's the downside of being overly burdened with debt?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. I mean our -- the balance, obviously,
and we've talked about this a lot internally very, very openly with our
employees is, anything you borrow and you actually use to finance losses, you
got to pay back. And you got to pay that back through cash flows in the future,
and that steals from your ability to grow. And we don't want to steal from our
ability to grow. So we have a mindset about how much total net debt we're
hoping we come out of this with at the end of the day and that it's at a rate
that allows us to aggressively pay it back while still growing the company out
in 2022 and beyond.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Shane, so we want to borrow, we just
don't want to use the money. Like one mental model we have is, have the finance
team hard at work borrowing, I don't know if it's as much as we can but
borrowing, really shoring up our liquidity. And then hopefully, things get
better and we start paying that money off. That's kind of the mental model that
I see for the finance team. It's do everything we have to do to ensure our sort
of staying power. But then at some point, we'll have a vaccine, things will be
better. And as soon as we get there, we start reducing those debt balances.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Mike Linenberg with
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just 2 here. And Brad, your
initial comment, and you followed up with about the testament, your cash burn
being where it is, probably best among the industry, appropriately sized. You
mentioned it being a testament to your route structure and low fares. And then
Andrew, I know on Helane's question, you sort of touched on some of the changes
you're making to the network. But when we sort of look at the changes that you
have made and have announced, you've probably made more changes to your network
really in the last 3 to 6 months than, I would say, the competition. And I'm
just curious, how much of it was a function of responding to COVID-19 and maybe
moving aircraft out of business markets and putting them more into
leisure-oriented markets or how much of this was maybe a function of the
American agreement back in February, where you want to reposition airplanes so
that maybe you have better connectivity across both networks or maybe it's a
little bit of both. I'm just curious about sort of the thinking and what's
driving the change to the network.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Mike, I mean, just at the highest-level
summary, I think the most significant changes, I think, you're referring to are
really boiled down into serving secondary Pacific Northwest markets from
California. I mean, if you look at the vast majority of the changes in numbers
at the high level, that's what they would be. And I think these are markets
where we are strong. We've got good regional aircraft right now to do this,
makes sense for us. And that was sort of part of our strategy shift. And as we
got into this, it still made sense to do those. I think some of the other
changes you've seen are just retweaking and looking at, for instance, L.A. and
making sure that we're positioned on the leisure side, which we're solid at.

So I think overall, but I think at the end of the day, if
you look at the network, it's essentially utility-wise, the same, except that
frequencies are significantly down right now in these massively depressed
transcon market in California. And we've pretty much maintained everything in
Seattle from a destination perspective.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then
maybe to Ben, on the airport side. We've heard airlines, as an industry, talk
about ways to improve peace of mind with customers, finding ways to get them to
want to travel again. And the concept of temperature screening by the TSA, it's
been kicked around for some time now. It feels like several months. And yet,
I'm not sure if it's gone anywhere. What are some of the gating issues in trying
to move that along?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: This is on temperature screening. Diana,
you've done some work there. Yes.

DIANA BIRKETT RAKOW, VP OF EXTERNAL RELATIONS, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: So we are strongly advocating for the TSA to take up temperature
screening. We're doing a proof of concept with the Port of Seattle here in the
SeaTac airport. Honestly, I think there's some just varied science on whether
or not it actually does sufficiently screen people, whether there's enough
people that are caught with temperatures high enough to actually screen them
out. And so there's ongoing debate about whether or not it's worth putting it
in place across airports. But we are continuing to ask for it. It's another
layer of safety in addition to all of our steps in Next-Level Care. And it
could increase guest confidence.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Like we have them here in the building,
honestly, everywhere we go in. I'll tell you, it's slick technology. I don't
know if you have it. You just put your face and literally 2 seconds it takes
your temperature. And we're just saying, look, it's just another level of
confidence for customers that come in to say, look, your temperature is normal.
It's just another step in making sure that people are getting on board
airplanes that are safe. So we're going to continue advocating for it. Likely
not go as fast as we would like, but we're going to continue pushing on it
because I think it's just part of the confidence of society and people flying.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Brandon Oglenski with
Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess, Brad, at a high level, should
investors expect that you guys not only want to manage to like a cash breakeven
level or backing up before full recovery or should we even expect that, like if
this drags on longer, that you guys could move towards earnings? And is that, I
guess, from the outside looking in, is that even a prudent decision because if
you expect demand to come back, maybe you don't want to cut costs that far. Can
you just help us out on that?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. You broke up a tiny bit there,
Brandon. So can you just summarize the -- your cell phone or something broke up
a little bit.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Yes. Sorry about that. I guess I
was just asking whether it's prudent for you guys to be managing towards
positive earnings in this environment or is that not the right mindset?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: No. I think it's the right mindset. I
think there is a balance that any business would look at in terms of staying
power and liquidity and sort of doing everything you need to do from a cash
flow, P&L, fundraising perspective to be in total control of your future
while seizing strategic opportunity on the other hand.

And I do think if you guys have followed Alaska for 10, 20,
30 years through these different crises, you've seen us be very contrarian.
You've seen us make some of our boldest bets when things are down. So I think
it's a good question.

I think for now, though, demand is really, really down for
all airlines. And so we believe the right move for Alaska at this juncture is
to get our schedule right given the demand that we have and to continue to do
the things that we're doing on the liquidity side.

On the cost structure side, I think we want to do the things
that make us better and stronger coming out of this. I don't know -- what I'm
trying to say is, if we do see opportunities, we want to have the balance sheet
and the mentality and the will to take advantage of those opportunities. Right
now, what we see is an imperative to sort of get resized given the
extraordinarily weak demand that all airlines, including Alaska, are seeing.

BENITO MINICUCCI: Brandon, I'll add on that. I think when
you look at our Q4 capacity down 35%, I think we're in a good place. I don't
think that's overly aggressive, overly conservative. It allows us to flex up or
down and allows us to manage costs and also take advantage of an uptick in
demand. So I think we're threading the needle pretty well on that.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Darryl Genovesi with
Vertical Research.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH
PARTNERS, LLC: Andrew or if Nat's on the line, I think at the time you closed
the Virgin America deal, you had to scale back the American Airlines
relationship. Would you just remind us what you're not allowed to do with
American and whether you're waiting on any regulatory approvals to reramp that
relationship or the relationship with the oneworld carriers more broadly?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Darryl, I think there was a couple
of components, about 50-plus markets in all. But essentially, we weren't
allowed to cooperate on all the Virgin America overlap markets, which were
essentially California; and then secondly, at a high level on our hubs, so
Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, et cetera, we were not allowed to put our
code on American's flight out of our hubs and vice versa.

So the best way to think about it is that the historical
Virgin America network was sort of off limits. And then secondarily, really
getting connections beyond American's network and beyond our network was still
fine. So we continue to operate within those parameters, obviously, and look at
what options on what we may need to do going forward. But I will say, as it
stands today, we still, given those, have a lot of opportunity to work with
American.

KYLE B. LEVINE, CHIEF ETHICS & COMPLIANCE OFFICER,
SENIOR VP OF LEGAL, GENERAL COUNSEL AND CORPORATE SECRETARY, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: And Darryl, this is Kyle. On your second question, we're totally clear of
regulatory requirements. We cleared those hurdles, I think, in early May or so.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Okay. And then Shane offered up
this $250 million target on the structural cost takeout. I mean is there --
even if you're not ready to disclose the number yet, I mean, is there something
similarly substantial on the top line as it relates to the oneworld membership?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Oh, yes. So Darryl, yes, we haven't really
put any sort of information out in terms of what the value of that might be. I
don't think we're going to do that this morning either. But suffice it to say,
Brad, I think, and Andrew both did a really good summary. The opening up of the
globe through our major West Coast hubs and focus cities is going to create a
lot of value for customers that we think we're excited about.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: And the other thing I would just add is,
it puts us on an international platform as it relates to our loyalty members.
And something that we've always been missing in the Pacific Northwest is a good
seamless global connectivity story with elite reciprocity across the globe, and
this is going to bring us that.

OPERATOR: Your final question comes from Myles Walton with
UBS.

MYLES ALEXANDER WALTON, MD & SENIOR ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a couple of cleanup questions, if I
could. The first on cost reduction in the third quarter, 47% in the second
quarter. What's the bogey that you're putting there for the third quarter?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. I don't think -- we didn't guide to
that, Myles, and so we won't give you a specific number. I think incremental
capacity will add some costs. And as mentioned, there are a lot of things that
we just sort of took down. 70%, 80%, 90% maintenance spend was an example of
that. You can't do that forever. We've got to start bringing aircraft out of
storage, and we will have to start maintaining those.

So there are some things that we'll layer back on, on the
cost side, and that's why it's important that ultimately we see a better sort
of backdrop on the national sort of public health front so we can get some of
this demand back going again and sort of regain the trends we saw in late June,
early July. But I would expect the cost removal to be a little less in next
quarter versus this, but we haven't guided to anything specific.

MYLES ALEXANDER WALTON: Okay. And then one other cleanup. On
the yield in the second quarter, obviously, up 30% year-on-year. Can you just
give any nuance to what was going on there? And I guess the outlook for the
rest of the year looks more normalizing to prior trends?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Myles, this is Chris Berry. The yields for the second
quarter were a bit odd simply because we still have some residual stuff from
the Mileage Plan program on flown miles that really related to the Virgin
America acquisition years ago. So that sort of stayed about level, and that's
why you see the yields pop in Q2. If you look at the real like raw passenger
yields, they really were not up nearly that much. Raw passenger yields were up
probably about 9% for the quarter. So you'll see that fall off as we move into
third and fourth quarter, and it will be more, relative to year-over-year, it
will look a little bit more real, realistic.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Okay. I think that's our final question.
Thanks, everybody, for tuning in. We look forward to chatting with you next
quarter.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at alaskaair.com. You may
now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072320a13251870.770










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%);
NEW ISSUES (90%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(89%); NEGATIVE BUSINESS NEWS (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR
PERFORMANCE (78%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (78%); ETHICS (78%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); REGULATORY COMPLIANCE (73%); ECONOMIC CRISIS (71%);
LAWYERS (71%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (70%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (82%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (67%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (66%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (66%);

RAYMOND JAMES LTD (66%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%);
TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); GS (NYSE) (84%); COWN
(NASDAQ) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (66%); DBK (FRA) (66%); DBK (BIT) (66%); DBETN (JSE)
(66%); DB (NYSE) (66%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (84%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES
(84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (84%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%);
SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC
(84%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT
TRUSTS (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (66%);
NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (66%); NAICS523120
SECURITIES BROKERAGE (66%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING
& FINANCE (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); NEW ISSUES
(90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS
(88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (78%);
PASSENGER & CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS
(76%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); LAWYERS (71%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (70%)










 ALASKA, USA (96%)










 July 26, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

May
5, 2020 Tuesday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 9664 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer & Executive VP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President of Alaska Airlines
Inc. & Director

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Christopher Michael Berry

. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Diana Rakow;VP Of External Relations

* Emily Halverson

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - IR

* Nathaniel Pieper

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Fleet, Finance and Alliances

* Shane R. Tackett

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - CFO & EVP of finance

Conference Call Participants

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael James Maugeri

Wolfe Research, LLC - Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Chris, and I'll be your
conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the
Alaska Air Group first quarter earnings release conference call. Today's call
is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at alaskaair.com.
(Operator Instructions)

I'd now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Director of Investor Relations, and Emily Halverson.

EMILY HALVERSON, IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thank you,
Chris. Good morning. And thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2020
earnings call. This morning, Alaska Air Group reported a first quarter GAAP net
loss of $232 million. Excluding onetime costs and mark-to-market adjustments,
Air Group reported an adjusted net loss of $102 million. Onetime costs incurred
this quarter include approximately $160 million of asset impairment charges
that were triggered as a result of the significant decline in demand for air
travel and market conditions. These impairments included approximately $145
million of aircraft and aircraft-related parts as well as approximately $15
million of financial and intangible assets.

On today's call, Brad, Ben and Shane will be discussing the
impact of COVID-19 on our business and sharing details about our response to
the economic and health crisis. Several other members of our management team
are also on the line to answer your questions during the Q&A portion of the
call.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding future performance, which may differ
materially from our actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business, which were updated today, can be found in our SEC filings.

On today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial
measures, such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding fuel. And as
usual, we've provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable
GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's earnings release.

And now I'll turn the call over to Brad for his opening
remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Emily. And good morning, everybody. Thanks to all of you
for joining us for our first quarter call. This call comes at an unprecedented
time for our industry. Many people have lost loved ones or at distance from
their family and friends, and others have lost confidence in the future because
of concerns about the economy or their own financial situation. People are
justifiably fearful about the future.

In the face of one of the greatest challenges in the history
of aviation, our people at Alaska and Horizon are doing extraordinary work to
respond to these circumstances. Our pilots, flight attendants, customer service
agents, ramp service agents, mechanics and others continue to come to work and
be their best in an extremely difficult environment. They're caring for our
guests with kindness, while delivering safe and remarkable service to those who
are traveling. All of us on the leadership team are grateful for their
dedication.

I also want to thank the very dedicated leaders at Alaska
and Horizon, including folks around this table who are wholly focused on
responding to these crises and preparing Alaska to sustain itself and grow
stronger in a highly uncertain future.

Their commitment and their love for what they do and for
this company give us all confidence that Alaska is going to come through this
crisis stronger and better.

We would typically use our earnings call to discuss our
performance for the quarter, to provide an update on our strategic efforts and
to share guidance for the remainder of the year. But that does not make sense
today. Instead, we'll be sharing with you what we know at this juncture, how
we're thinking about future scenarios given the macro uncertainty and how we
plan to bridge what is essentially an economic closure across our country to a
future where Alaska is stronger and better and fully prosperous.

As Emily mentioned, we incurred an adjusted pretax loss of
$102 million for the quarter. This was the result of a 14% decline in passenger
revenue driven by the near complete loss in demand that we began to see in
early March. This is our first quarterly loss in over a decade, and it is
sobering to report. There is no doubt that our second quarter loss will be much
higher. And there is very high uncertainty about the third and fourth quarters.

Safety has always been our top priority, and this crisis has
caused us to review and improve our procedures. We've implemented several
changes, including expanding and enhancing the cleaning of our aircraft,
including the use of high-grade registered disinfectants and electrostatic
sanitizing spray. We're requiring our flight attendants and CSAs to use masks.
We're limiting load factors and seat availability. We've modified boarding
procedures to encourage self-scanning of boarding passes and to encourage
slower boarding to prevent crowding. And we've suspended or reduced most
in-flight services.

Additionally, beginning next week, masks will be mandatory
for our guests. These changes can be difficult at first for both guests and
crews, but our teams have handled them with professionalism. We anticipate
further changes to our policies and procedures in the future, and we will
continue to be industry leaders with health and safety standards.

As we think about our industry and air travel more broadly,
we're highly confident that people in the future will want to physically
connect with one another and see other places. We're also very confident that
they will value an airline that offers them safety, low fares and the type of
personal hospitality you would see from a family member.

As you know, we have taken and are continuing to take
aggressive action to preserve our financial position. Shane will detail all of
this, but we've acted swiftly to build on our already strong fortress balance
sheet and to make some very difficult decisions to manage our cash burn rate.
We've gone from a monthly burn rate of $400 million 1 month ago to
approximately $260 million today, and our commitment is to get to $200 million
by June and to breakeven by year-end.

Just 2 weeks ago, we received $992 million in payroll
support from the federal government. The program was the result of decisive
bipartisan action on the part of our federal leaders, and we very much
appreciate their efforts to provide direct support to airline employees. The
passage of this bill demonstrates one of the bright spots that exist during
this crisis, the opportunity for all sides to come together and work toward a
common good. We are thankful for the efforts of the President and his
administration, Congress, Secretaries Mnuchin and Chao and all -- and many
others for their efforts in providing this vital support to help our industry
and our economy weather this downturn.

While our full attention is focused on the situation at
hand, we've always operated with our eyes on the horizon, and that focus
continues today. We have been historically and are today financially
conservative. We're proud to be the only pre- deregulation to not file for
bankruptcy. Throughout history, our people have worked our way through
challenge after challenge. And we've gained new skills and capabilities as
we've gone along, and we've come away from these challenges better and stronger.
We have every belief that will be the case this time, and we are fully focused
on this outcome.

With that, I'll pass it to Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC. &
DIRECTOR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. I
want to begin by sharing a few of the facts we know. Our home base, Seattle,
was among the first places in the country to be hit by the pandemic. Washington
(inaudible) limit gatherings and closed schools.

California was the first to issue stay-at-home mandates.
These communities and their leaders have shown great courage in handling the
situation. While necessary, these actions had a significant negative impact on
our business. With many of our largest hubs in these two states, we began to
see signs of demand deterioration in late February. On March 11, we saw
cancellations overwhelm gross new bookings for the first time ever. We have
since experienced 56 days of net negative bookings.

The largest wave of cancellations appears to be behind us.
However, daily cancellations do continue to modestly exceed gross new bookings.
We are attentive to gradual improvements in our daily passenger counts, which
remain 90% below normal levels. We are showing very modest week-over-week
improvement.

In March, we reduced our capacity 12% versus prior year,
primarily through closing cancellations and consolidating frequencies. Soon
after, we cut April and May capacity by 80% and expect to cut June's flying
similarly as well. The top near-term challenge we face is to reduce our current
cash burn rate of $260 million to $200 million per month by June and to achieve
our commitment for cash breakeven by year-end.

To do this, we will lean heavily into our competitive
advantages. Because it is impossible to forecast a shape of the recovery with
any certainty, we are planning potential courses of action for multiple
recovery scenarios. There are several factors about our business model and our
competitive advantage that I believe will benefit us in any recovery scenario.

First, we have built our business to have structurally lower
costs than our competitors. Alaska has a history of managing a low overhead,
high productivity operation, and this remains a guiding principle going
forward.

Our CASMex fuel is 20% lower than legacy airlines, which
enables us to compete more effectively with low fares. More than ever, we see a
future where low fares and low costs matter, and we have resolved to strengthen
our cost advantage as much as possible.

As Brad mentioned, we've received payroll support program
funds from the federal government. These funds cover approximately 70% of our
original budgeted payroll through September 30 and allow us to keep employees
on the payroll, while the airline is operating at significantly reduced capacity.
This relief affords us more time to be thoughtful about restructuring decisions
and how we will shed costs. It also presents opportunities to redeploy
management employees and crew whose work has slowed to utilize their time with
purpose where possible. For example, many management employees have been
redeployed to other divisions or to clean aircraft and on the crew side, we're
taking advantage of this shortfall in demand to retrain Airbus pilots as Boeing
pilots to avoid both opportunity costs and economic costs. Shane is going to
share more detail on our cost-saving opportunities that we are planning for.

Second, we have strong hubs with some of the best customer
loyalty in the industry. Even with passenger counts significantly down, the
loyalty of our guests shines through. We welcome words of appreciation in
person and over social media from travelers who have the need to travel,
including medical personnel, loved ones going to meet and care for family
members and employees or business owners whose work requires them to travel for
essential reasons.

In fact, our guest-facing communications and positive
sentiment across social media was recognized last week by the Airline Passenger
Experience Association as the best in the U.S. airline industry.

And third, our network orientation and our fleet are well
suited for the recovery ahead. It is likely that recovery will first bias
towards domestic travel. Our limited international exposure and our fleet of
narrow-body aircraft will be assets in this scenario. As you know, we began a
full fleet analysis last year. These crisis have made it imperative that we
take a fresh look at our long-term plans to ensure we select the best, most
efficient aircraft for our future state. This will be another important aspect
of our cost restructuring.

Finally, our employees are aligned in their commitment for
the challenge ahead. Alaska has experience of being an underdog, and we are
battle tested. Today, we face new challenges, and the gravity of those
challenges is understood by our people. Each day of this crisis, I'm struck by
the dedication I see throughout the organization. Our crews have worked
together with leadership and experts to evolve our guest-facing health and
safety policies. Our call center employees have supported thousands of guests
with challenging transactions and issues. Our finance, legal, communications
and government affairs teams have rallied for many long work weeks as we
navigate changing business conditions. Thousands of employees across the company
showed their support through letter writing to the U.S. treasury to help obtain
industry support.

While the prospect of a smaller industry and a potentially
smaller company is not something we would have wanted, we are realistic about
the challenges ahead. We have more fight in us, and we will do what it takes to
make Alaska emerge stronger.

As always, we're focused intently on controlling what we can
control. Outside of our control but also important is understanding what will
influence the demand recovery path. To name a few factors, travel restrictions
and stay-at-home orders that are likely to be lifted at different times,
unemployment and broader economic trends and evolving public sentiment about
whether to travel and for what reasons will all be considerations. Our role is
to have robust plans for any scenario we may encounter to communicate honestly
with our people about those plans, and to execute against them to the best of
our ability. We commit to doing that over the next several months, as things
become clearer and to emerge from this crisis a stronger and better company.
That means getting to 0 cash burn by December and setting up the conditions to
control our destiny.

And with that, I'm going to pass it over to Shane.

SHANE R. TACKETT, CFO & EVP OF FINANCE, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Ben, and good morning to everyone joining us. My comments
will focus on why we are confident Alaska will bridge this period of no demand
and continue forward as one of the industry's strongest performers.

An appropriate place to start that discussion is cash on
hand and our remaining capacity to create additional liquidity should we need
it. We began 2020 with $1.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, to which
we added $400 million from existing lines of credit, $425 million from a
364-day term loan. And subsequent to the end of the quarter, we added an
additional $50 million in secured financing. In April, we received $992 million
for payroll support via the CARES Act. Together, that totals $3.35 billion.
Today, we have approximately $2.9 billion of cash and marketable securities on
hand, meaning we've burned about $467 million of cash from the beginning of the
year.

Our cash burn rate is a critical figure that we are managing
aggressively. And today, it is about $260 million per month. With demand at
essentially 0, our $2.9 billion at this rate of burn would sustain us for 11.2
months. However, we intend to increase how long our cash will last. Our
commitment, as Brad and Ben have both previously indicated, and as I will
reiterate now, is to achieve $200 million cash burn by June and to reach cash
breakeven by the end of the year. We know this will require significant work
and hard decisions on cost removal and restructuring.

And while we are very focused on managing our cash burn, we
also have multiple channels we can tap to add further liquidity to our current
$2.9 billion, including more than $2 billion of high-quality unencumbered
aircraft. Banks and investors we've spoken to have indicated interest in lending
against these assets with reasonable terms. We have an additional $500 million
of real estate and slot assets that we can borrow against. We have a very
valuable loyalty program that could be tapped for liquidity, we have available
to us as much as $1.128 billion in CARES Act loans. And although in the
category of having no current plans to tap, we believe our equity would be a
very high interest to investors as well.

This $7 billion to $8 billion of collateral and $1.1 billion
of CARES Act loans, we believe represents well in excess of $4 billion of
incremental liquidity potential. Taken together, our on-hand liquidity, our
access to additional financing and our aggressive goals to reach cash breakeven
results by the end of the year will ensure that we bridge this downturn and are
prepared to rebuild our success during a recovery. The increased debt load that
will result as we navigate this crisis is obviously not our ideal long-term
setup. While we are first and foremost focused on ensuring the survival of
Alaska, when the industry stabilizes, we will return our focus to repairing the
balance sheet, just as we did post Virgin acquisition.

To discuss cash reduction and preservation efforts, I would
share the following. We have rightsized our schedule commensurate with demand
and have seen a very strong linear reduction in nonwage variable costs. We have
reduced discretionary and overhead spend by nearly $50 million per month. We
have deferred nearly $600 million of capital expenditures for 2020 bringing our
planned CapEx to under $175 million, which includes no additional aircraft
capital spending. We have suspended share repurchases and dividends, and we
have reduced executive pay, reduced management hours by 10% and have over 5,000
employees who have opted to take unpaid leaves for, at least, the next 60 days.
And we have also implemented extended payment terms and sought and in many
cases achieved, payment relief from suppliers.

I'd like to elaborate on a couple of these items. First, as
mentioned, we've dramatically cut capacity in Q2 and anticipate operating a
reduced schedule for the balance of the year. As a rule of thumb, I view our
nonwage variable costs to represent 50% of our cost structure. Most of our
operational contracts do not have minimums and so scale almost perfectly,
although I acknowledge under the current climate, this has been extraordinarily
difficult on our suppliers.

Wage costs are our largest cost pool and tend to be less
variable. Our frontline work groups all have minimums within their contract
that ensure they receive a certain amount of pay. We have adjusted down to
those minimums, which reduces payroll by about 10%. And in partnership with our
union leaders, we have also entered into other agreements that allow and
incentivize employees to take leaves, which as mentioned, represent over 5,000
people currently.

With these efforts, I expect payroll costs will be down 30%
from plan for, at least, the next 60 days, and we expect our CARES Act payroll
support funds to cover the vast majority of our payroll through September. To
date, none of these changes are structural, and there remains significant work
to be done to achieve any longer-term changes to wage costs.

Turning to aircraft, given the temporary grounding of a
significant portion of our fleet, and our initial assumptions about demand over
the next several quarters, we have determined that at least 12 mainline
aircraft would be permanently parked, including 10 A319s that were among the
smallest and least efficient aircraft we have and 2 leased A320s that had not
yet been reconfigured to our new interior. The rest of the parked aircraft are
being stored and maintained so they can reenter service. We will make decisions
about when and how many of them do return to service in the future.

So we are working all the cost levers hard to drive towards
our commitment of 0 cash burn by the end of the year. And to clarify, our cash
burn rate does include the impact of refunds and cancellations and excludes the
impact of CARES Act payroll support funding and additional financing. It does
factor in all of the self-help I've just described.

Reaching our goal of $200 million cash burn by June and cash
breakeven by the end of the year will require more work on our cost structure.
But I believe we will get there. Our people attack tough goals like this with
intensity and commitment. And I believe that all 23,000 of our people
understand that if we can achieve a breakeven cash burn rate, our destiny is
back squarely in our control, which means we are also in control of building
towards a better future again.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) The first question is from
Savi Syth from Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just on the -- kind of getting to
cash burn 0, breakeven by the end of the year. I wonder if you could elaborate
a little bit more on that. And is that -- how much of that do you expect to come
from the revenue side? And then on -- depending, I'm guessing on the kind of
demand recovery, what kind of decisions, and how quickly could you scale to
that?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Savi, it's Shane. The way I want to
talk about the cash breakeven is it's an objective that we have to get to. So
we look at the recoveries, having the costs through 0, we've got to get there.
We've put a marker out in front of us 8 months from today. We actually don't
know the exact path to get there. We don't know exactly what revenue is going
to be. But what we're thinking is, regardless of the revenue environment, we've
got to make the decisions necessary to take the actions to get to cash
breakeven. Obviously, we'll talk to you a lot more as we get through some of
that decision-making process and have better clarity about what Q4 looks like.
But we're not relying on any particular revenue outcome to get there.

On the scale question, I just want to make sure I
understand. Are you thinking about if demand is better than we're thinking? Or
I just want to make sure I understand the question.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Yes. I mean clearly, unless we have
a V-shaped recovery, you have a lot of kind of difficult decisions in front of
you. And just how quickly could you scale the operation to kind of a newer
demand level? Is there kind of a reality on like how quickly you can scale
that? Just, I'm guessing some of the biggest fixed costs, and how do you get it
to kind of a new level of demand if we don't see a V-shape recovery?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes, yes. If you're talking about like
sort of scaling down, I mean, I think we don't know exactly how long that's
going to take. I think there's a part of our business, like I mentioned, 50% of
which is variable, it just moves with the operation. We've been really happy to
see those costs almost perfectly linear with capacity. The other 50% is payroll
and a lot of just overhead and fixed costs. The overhead and fixed costs that
we can make decisions on, those are tough, but we can act on that quickly. I
think it's really when you talk about the size of the company and how many
people we have, that's something that takes more time. That's something that
we've got to go talk with our labor leaders about and sort of work through over
the next several months. But the most important thing is we've got to know what
size of the company we're aiming for. And we just don't know that as we sit
here today.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: That makes sense. And if I may just
ask a clarifying question on the costs. Really helpful to have the kind of the
cash burn side, but on the kind of the P&L standpoint, what do you expect
costs to be in 2Q generally?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. We -- like unit cost, I don't think
we're providing any guidance to, I think?

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Just overall.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Yes. I think, Savi, the 50% that's
variable linear, I think you can calculate very closely just given our
capacity. And then we're not really quantifying the other side of the business
or revenue at this point. If we do, we'll be clear about that in an 8-K or
something to make sure you guys know that.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Mike Linenberg with
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just I guess 2 here. On the
payroll support program, the $992 million, I believe you called out that you
could potentially get something for McGee. I know that's small, but every
dollar matters. And the $992 million that you got, it seemed like you got it in
one installment. I know other carriers are getting it in two or maybe more
installments. I'm curious why you were able to get all of it, and then I have a
second question.

SHANE R. TACKETT: This is Shane. The treasury gave us the
option of taking it in a couple of installments or all at once. We looked at it
closely. We didn't think there was a real difference. There's no -- it's not a
different amount of money. There's no difference in terms, and so we decided to
take it all at once. I think a couple of other carriers may have, and some have
taken it in installments. But it was just a choice given to us, so we took it
all at once.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: McGee.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Oh yes, sorry. McGee is in process, I
believe from the payroll support grants there were well over 200, 250
applications. The focus was sort of the largest carriers to begin with. They're
in that process. I think we expect to hear back from treasury sometime this
week. I think their sort of qualified amount was around $40 million. That would
be if they got 100% of what they applied for, nobody is getting 100%. So it's
hard to know exactly what they'll get, but they are in line to still receive
funding from the payroll support portion of the grant.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And then just my
second, just reading between the lines, training Airbus pilots to fly Boeing
jets and putting Airbus planes on the ground. I guess it's probably safe to
assume that the fleet decision is being made in real time. I guess the one
issue is the A321neos. Did you have any additional on order that were expected
to come in? Or have you taken all of the newer Airbuses? Just thoughts on that
and maybe any additional color you can talk about the fleet decision because,
again, it looks like it's being made in real time.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Mike, I might start and go to Ben. That
was a good 3 question in 1 question. No more neo, no more A321s on order. We've
taken the 10.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay.

SHANE R. TACKETT: And so that's the answer to that. I would
-- and Ben can talk more about our thinking about fleet and sort of what we're
doing. When -- and I just want to connect a couple of things. We are training
240 pilots off of the Airbus on to the Boeing. That is really a by-product of
the fact that we determine these 12 aircraft aren't going to fly again. And if
we do decide to backfill that capacity at some point, we expect that, that
capacity would be backfilled by Boeings that we have on order today.

And so it just -- it was prudent to do that. We've got very
limited flying. We have a full payroll. We have pilots that we have the
opportunity to get into the training school house without costing us growth, so
there's no opportunity cost. And it's not totally free, but it's close to free
training at this point. So it just made a lot of sense to marry those two
decisions up to park those 12 aircraft and train the pilots over. But Ben may
have more to say on our future of fleet.

BENITO MINICUCCI: Mike, as you can imagine, we're doing a
lot of modeling with different fleet structures. And just to give you a sense
of what's guiding us is, look, we have the 0 cash burn rate goal that we're
aiming for. And also, we're going to restructure the company to have low cost.
A dual fleet does have a higher cost for us. So that is a factor we're going to
consider. The Airbus 321 is a great airplane. We like it a lot. But we're going
to bring all these factors together. And we're going to look forward to the
future. We're going to look how we're going to reconfigure this company for the
best success. So a lot of things in play, and as the months play out, we'll get
more clear on what our direction is.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Joseph DeNardi with
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL, NICOLAUS
& COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Shane, just on the cash burn,
like I'm assuming that the $200 million by June assumes kind of a similar
revenue environment to what you're seeing now. What can you get that to by the
end of the year if this revenue environment continues just so we can kind of
think about things apples to apples?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Thanks, Joe. It does essentially
assume demand is similar to what we're seeing right now. Look, I'm not going to
hypothesize about exactly where we would be if there was literally 0 demand at
the end of the year. We are very focused on getting the cash breakeven. That's
what we're sort of putting in motion. That's where we're forcing ourselves to
look at different scenarios and make decisions. And it's just -- there's the
range of potential outcomes in Q4 so wide, it doesn't make a lot of sense to
hypothesize on where we'll end up, especially on the revenue side.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And Joe, it's Brad. I might jump in.
That's -- the way we got to that is that's what we believe is required for us
to be able to control our future. It's like all of these airlines, we've got
decent liquidity. Shane detailed, we've got good plans to raise liquidity, but
that gets us to a finite number. And then you have a burn rate. And at some
point, you do have to take control of your future if you want to control your
future. And so that's our mentality, is we've got to -- if we can get to 0, if
we can commit to a 0 cash burn rate by December, we're in control of our future
in 2021 and beyond. And if there are opportunities that present themselves on
the landscape, we can take advantage of those opportunities. We can mitigate
the downside. So it's going to be painful. We believe it's going to be painful,
but I -- there's just a lot of belief in the goodness of making a commitment
like that and the good things that will come.

Another point I was going to -- you guys are asking good
questions, Savi and Mike as well. But we do believe Alaska is configured to be
a bit more agile than the average airline, if you look at us right now. Our
fleet is all -- it's basically, on the Alaska side is all narrow bodies. As
Mike pointed out, we're moving now 20 -- 19 or 20 Airbus airplanes to Boeing.
So I think we're going to be a little bit more able to scale up or scale down
depending on the demand that we see than some of our competitors. I think we
also like the fact that we -- our business is more oriented towards leisure
travelers, and our business is more oriented towards domestic travelers and
narrow-body travelers.

So all of that stuff sort of informs us. We believe that if
we can sort of sit here and say, oh, we don't know, blah, blah, blah. But we
think that if we sort of define the future that we need to have, we think we can
get there, and we think if we get there, we'll be in control, less bad -- fewer
bad things will happen to our people, and we'll be in a better position to take
advantage of opportunities that we see. So that's the more thinking around the
goal.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: That's very helpful, Brad. Shane,
you mentioned $2 billion of unencumbered aircraft, $500 million of real estate
and then $7 billion to $8 billion of collateral. So does that imply that the
loyalty program is kind of $5 billion-ish? Did that surprise you? And what do
you think the kind of the -- is it safe to assume that, that would be the last
line of liquidity that you'll look to access?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Thanks, Joe. I think -- yes, I think
the math is probably fair because you sort of added up the only asset I didn't
put a price tag on. So fair enough. No, I think it's that we've known it's a
valuable program for a long time. In terms of what our order of preference of
raising money is, honestly, we're not in a position to share what that is right
now. We're still working on what the best opportunities and options are for us.
There's a number of different vehicles we could go down the path of tapping.
Mileage Plan is one of those, and it's on the table, but it's -- there's no
certainty about which one we'll do at this point.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Jamie Baker with JP
Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just sort
of comment as to how the negotiations with treasury are going? When we might
have some timing around the loan outcome?

And also as a follow-up to the previous question, did you
specifically list loyalty as an asset on the loan application that you were
willing to pledge?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Jamie, it's Shane again. I would just
-- I'd start by saying that the discussions with treasury and their advisers
from the very beginning on the payroll support we ran through today have been
very, very productive, super professional. It's a great group of people back
there trying to do everything they can to support the country, support the
economy, give it a way back in the future. And there's probably nobody working
harder right now than that group of people back there.

On the loan side, it has been in a bit of a lull. We did
talk last week with treasury's advisers. I think they're very intent on
beginning to get more clarity on what these loan terms and conditions and
collateral will look like in the coming weeks. So we anticipate a more active
dialogue in the next 5 to 10 days. And yes, we did list the loyalty program,
listed essentially most of our asset base, which was sort of expected to be
listed just based on the way that they gave us the application.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And those are all options of collateral,
right, Shane?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Well...

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes, TBD on what we use.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: And then following in Mike's
footsteps, I'll try to do only a two-part follow-up question. So on fleet, and
I apologize if you mentioned this in response to this question, it was breaking
up a little on my end. But have you reached the walkaway point in the MAX
contract? And how should we be thinking about that as it relates to future
CapEx?

And then second, in the release, you mentioned lease
deferrals. Can you add any color on that as to the duration and when repayment
is going to take place is -- I'm sure it's in your cash guide, but is that a
net cash saving for the year? Or did you just shift lease payments from the
second quarter to the fourth, for example?

NATHANIEL PIEPER, SVP OF FLEET, FINANCE AND ALLIANCES,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Jamie, it's Nat Pieper. Let's start first with the MAX
question. So Boeing has been a terrific partner of ours for years and years.
Our original order for the MAX, 32 airplanes, and Boeing's got a considerable
amount of predelivery deposits on hand of ours. We're working with them and
sorting through what the right scenario is for that. And I think that's part of
the fleet discussions and analysis that we're having internally to figure out
what's the most efficient fleet for Alaska moving forward.

Regarding the lease deferral discussions, we started those
really in the second week of March and have had pretty good traction, very
diverse lease base within Alaska and have been able to secure lease deferrals
with all but two of our lessors and are appreciative of the partnership with
them.

I would think of it, Jamie, as a 12-month process. So
deferrals that we get eventually within that 12-month window, we're going to
repay those amounts with the exception of discussions with each of those
lessors, should the revenue environment continue to be super challenging. They
understood from the beginning, we may have to come back and have a second bite.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Helane Becker with
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So here is one question for you. I think
Horizon received money and so did SkyWest, and they are both providers to you.
Have you gone to them and asked them for their -- the payroll support program
cash that kind of directly attributes to your business?

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER & EXECUTIVE VP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Helane, it's Andrew.
Obviously, Horizon is a wholly owned subsidiary. So that money comes to Air
Group. And I will tell you, SkyWest has been a fantastic partner along all of
this. They've -- we've looked at our contract, and they've helped us through
this financially. And we also -- the costs for labor that they incur to fly for
us, those CARES funds are being flowed through to us in our contract.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: And Helane, this is Chris Berry. I would say we're also
having the same discussions with ground service providers and other contract
folks out of the airports who have also received those CARES grant. So we're
having those conversations with all of our vendors that have received some form
of federal support.

HELANE R. BECKER: Right. Because otherwise, they'd kind of
be double dipping.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Right.

HELANE R. BECKER: Right. And then my other question is, do
you -- are you changing your operations at Paine Field to kind of focus back on
SeaTac, given how low demand is? And the other part of that question is,
Seattle was one of the first cities to experience the virus. And I'm just kind
of wondering if as Seattle and the State of Washington and the State of Alaska
have opened up a little bit, have you noticed any recovery in bookings?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, Andrew, again, just with respect
to Paine Field, we've obviously materially reduced capacity just like
everywhere else. We run 175 airplanes out of there, very low trip costs per se.
We just keep the bare minimum service there, and that's where we're at right
now. We have a lot of our folks who live up and around that area, and that they
enjoy to travel out of there. So that's what we're doing there.

As you've heard on many of the analyst calls, we've reached
the bottom. I mean, the bottom is the bottom, obviously. But I would say that,
although extremely modest, we continue to see passengers carried every day on
our network grow a little bit by little bit, day in and day out. But it won't
be until there's a material change in the stay-at-home orders that we expect to
see any material shift in that. So we're still heavily reduced demand as we sit
here today.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Diana, do you want to talk about what's
happening in our state, the other important geographies in terms of where we
think shelter-in-place orders are and so forth?

DIANA RAKOW;VP OF EXTERNAL RELATIONS: Sure. Helane, it's
Diana Birkett Rakow. I lead external relations at Alaska. We have seen the
curves out here flatten but like the rest of the United States, they haven't
necessarily gone down and our leadership out in a lot of our West Coast states
have worked together to have sort of this four-phase approach. That said, we
haven't actually opened up significantly. Washington State is still in Phase 1.
We've opened up construction and as of today, outdoor recreation and some other
areas, but not significantly opened up in terms of the workplace or groups
gathering.

And then in California, Governor Newsom just announced that
Friday, we will move into Phase 2 of the four-phase approach, which means that
some barber shops, retail will open, the sidewalk delivery, some manufacturing
workplaces and again, construction. But we have a ways to go in terms of sort
of truly opening up the economy. Every state is kind of going there -- taking
their own approach. But the way that we think about it is both where -- what is
the state of play in our hub, and what's the state of -- respectively, and
what's the state of play sort of at the other end of that spoke?

And then just for Alaska and Hawaii, there's still some
quarantine restrictions. So we're watching each of those states closely.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Catherine O'Brien with
Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So maybe just a couple more on your cash burn
figure. Sorry to belabor this point, but -- so first is on that June -- month
of June rate, what is your assumption on revenue? Are you assuming [receive
less] refunds improve from where we're trending today? Or you're assuming no
improvement there?

And then maybe just one more on that breakeven year-end cash
burn figure. I just want to make sure I understand that, if demand was to
remain at current levels, would you still -- would you be able to take actions
to get that burn to breakeven? Or I realize there's many more questions and
answers on recovery. But just thinking if you have -- just wondering if you do
have the tools to get that breakeven, even if demand kind of stays down here?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Catie, it's Shane. Yes, on the June
number, I would just say, we're assuming that it looks very similar to April
and May, to be honest. So no real recovery. It would be great if we saw forward
demand pick up and people start to book travel for later in the year, but we're
not necessarily counting on that. On the what if, sort of, scenario, I'm not
going to sort of go down that path very far, except to say that there's no
scenario under which we're assuming we can't get to our target. And so it's
incumbent on us to go after it as hard as we can and to get there, and we're
not going to take that goal and commitment off of the table, certainly not as
we're sitting here talking today. And so lots to be seen on where that may end
up in terms of Q4 revenue, but our job is to go work the things that we can
control and get ourselves to cash breakeven for all the reasons that Brad said.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay. Great. Appreciate that. And
then can you just walk -- I have one more, sorry. So can you walk us through
how you're thinking about additional liquidity raises? So what type of demand
recovery scenarios are you making contingency plans for in terms of those
future potential liquidity raises?

And I guess what I'm really trying to get a sense of is how
many months of liquidity are you comfortable with having on balance sheet,
assuming that we don't see an improvement from current levels in demand over
the medium term?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Thanks, Catie. Yes, I think for us,
and I think others who have gone before us have said that there's a real
asymmetrical risk with -- should you get more cash onto the balance sheet, or
should you not? And so our bias is more liquidity is not going to be something
we regret. At the same time, I think what we're trying to also be very clear
about is we don't want to burn through that cash. In a perfect world, we know
we're going to burn through a lot over the next several months. We know we'll
burn through a lot in 2020. We would like to get to an equilibrium as we get
into 2021. And then hopefully, demand stabilizes, the industry stabilizes, and
we don't have to sort of burn through anything else that we compile on the balance
sheet. But our job #1 is to make sure we're here that we bridge this downturn
and that we have an opportunity to take advantage of any potential opportunity
on the other side.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Shane, all that burn, that's just --
that's -- if you raise the liquidity and get your burn under control, you pay
the liquidity off, and you're in good shape. If you don't manage your burn,
it's just debt.

That burden saddles the company, burdens the company for a
-- Catie, my own thinking is I think we're going to be aggressive on the
fundraising side. I just think that's the personality and the profile of Alaska
Air Group. But we hope that we don't come out of this with like -- I don't want
to say that number, but an enormous amount of debt on our -- it's going to be a
high number. We just don't want it to be $6 billion, $7 billion of debt on our
balance sheet. That would be a difficult thing for us to manage with. So that's
why managing our burn rate is so important.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Hunter Keay with Wolfe
Research.

MICHAEL JAMES MAUGERI, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: This is
actually Mike Maugeri on for Hunter. So I saw that you're beginning to operate
some tag flights, which I assume is due to the DOT minimum service
requirements. Can you just talk a little bit about what that's doing for your
operation? And if that portends to how your network might look post COVID?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Thanks. This is Andrew. We -- so
really, we only ask for exemptions for a couple of cities. But the tag flights
and also what we call loopers, where we sort of do a little bit of a circle,
these are a very efficient way to serve multiple markets when there's low
demand. And instead of flying two flights, we can fly on one single aircraft.
The way the crews are working right now, we can easily fit our crew times
within those trips. And of course, crews will stay over in the hotels,
especially on the transcons and then come back. I think we launched about 11
markets this month, and we're going to be doing some more. But I think in this
time, we are going to be looking at how can we serve our guests to give a
maximum utility at the lowest cost and a win-win for everybody, and that's what
we're going to be looking at.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Andrew, it's more based on our desire to
take care of our customers than a order from the federal government?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Absolutely. Yes.

MICHAEL JAMES MAUGERI: Got it. That makes sense. Then sort
of, I guess, a follow-up to that, how do you think about serving

multiple airports in one metro area, again, in the
post-COVID world, say it's Dallas with Love Field and DFW. Is it sort of worth
the complexity there to sort of serve your customers?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. What I will say is we have spent an
exorbitant amount of time -- as much time as Shane's been talking about on the
financing and the business. We've spent a lot of time in our network and where
everything is. And so we're also looking at many, many scenarios on how to
build and raise our network back up to strength in the future. And that's what
we're doing right now, and we have nothing more to really add as it relates to
that.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Duane Pfennigwerth with
Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI INSTITUTIONAL
EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Shane, I just wanted to say, I hope you're
enjoying the nice easy start to your new role.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Appreciate it. Duane. I appreciate it.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: For 2Q, you've given us your
monthly cash burn. What is the amount of CapEx and debt service that's included
in that? And how much of the payroll support are you excluding from that, that
you expect to take here in the 2Q?

SHANE R. TACKETT: I'll let Chris chat through the question
on CapEx. But just to be clear, the way we're talking about cash burn, any
money we raise and we would put the government grant money in loans in that
bucket, we're just putting that into the cash and liquidity bucket. It's not
part of our calculation. Our calculation is simply whatever revenue we're able
to get in the door, less all of the cash that's going out of the door. And so
it's pretty pure from that perspective. We're not offsetting any of the cash
expense with grant money.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: And Duane, this is Chris. So from
a debt service standpoint, it's about $60 million a quarter. So -- and it's a
little bit lumpy throughout the quarter, but it's just put in your model, $60
million per quarter for debt service. On the CapEx side, as we mentioned earlier,
we've eliminated all the aircraft CapEx. What we have left is pretty minimal.
And I don't have a number for you, but it's a relatively small number for a few
projects that are still ongoing. I just don't have that number in front of me
right now, but it's pretty small.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Got it. And then your comments
about having some concern about where debt goes and being able to pay it down
on the other side really resonate, because this is after all, a bunch of equity
analysts that are on the call here. What are the long-term implications for
capital spending given that goal?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. Duane, again, I -- it's a great
question. It's -- and I want to be -- I'll just mention, you guys are asking
awesome questions. We wish we had like more clarity and more answers. We were
sort of intent on sharing whatever we know today and not really hypothesizing
so much. And so that's in the category where it's really too early to tell. If
we do our job right, we get the liquidity we need, we get down to the cash
breakeven goal. We manage the business well. And then we are able to see a
recovery at some point.

We'll be balanced in terms of managing growth opportunities
and sort of getting back to baseline levels of capacity while we're also
needing to go back and pay down debt. I would just reflect on our last earnings
call, when I think Brad said for the 20th call in a row that we were very proud
of our couple of year pay down of the Virgin debt that we had acquired, and
we're certainly focused on getting back into that range of debt to cap.

There is some flexibility on the fleet side, we do have a
lot of PDP money on deposit with Boeing. And we can take aircraft under some of
that. And so there's an opportunity for us to -- without new cash going out the
door, actually flex back up from whatever our new normal is out in the future,
if that makes sense and is helpful.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Darryl Genovesi with
Vertical Research.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH PARTNERS,
LLC: Good numbers. I know it's early for this, but I wanted to ask a little bit
more about how this is going to affect your long-term planning process. And I'm
not sure if it's for Brad or Ben or Shane. But what we're going through now
represents somewhat of a paradigm shift. Before now our downside scenario
modeling efforts usually centered on a financial crisis like demand
environment, so a 20% peak-to-trough decline, give or take. And what we're
seeing right now is clearly much worse than that. So two questions. First is, I
guess, one that would fall into the category of one that you know, what was the
range of demand assumptions that have typically informed your long-term
planning processes before now? In particular, what was the bare case assumption
that you would sort of model around when you were trying to figure out how to
size the airplane and whether to build an -- whether to buy an airplane or not?

And then secondly, and I guess this one kind of falls in the
hypothesis category. But regardless of the timing and shape of the recovery, is
2020 now likely to represent the bare case that you'll model to going forward?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes, good question. Darryl, yes, I think
that we historically had similar sort of downside models that you're talking
about. I think inherent in a lot of our planning and decision-making was, we
wanted to have an ability to manage through crises that were of the size we had
seen in the past, give or take, and to do so as comfortably as possible from a
financial perspective, to be able to weather those and just make sure we were
here to participate in the recovery, and nobody obviously had modeled something
like we're going through today. And so it is creating more question about how
we think about downside cases in the future.

But again, we're about 60 days-ish or something into this,
and we're really now just pivoting our focus to managing the economics as we
get into Q4 and into next year, we just haven't had a chance to really think
through what we think a new normal pattern might look like and what downside
cases might look like. We're certainly modeling a range of 2021 demand
assumptions right now, all better than we see today, but certainly much lower
than we saw in 2019.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: And then on the ATL, I continue to
be surprised by how resilient these have been across the airlines that have
reported so far. Can you provide some color perhaps on how the air traffic
liability trended intra-quarter? And how much risk there is to the $1.1 billion
balance in Q2?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Sure, Darryl, this is Chris. Yes.
The ATL, if you look at ATL on our balance sheet, it's inclusive of normal,
what you would consider traditional ATL, which is tickets that are there for
future travel. And it also includes our voucher or credits, what we call
e-wallet on our side, and that's where there is just a residual value or some
sort of credit in that we're holding on to as a liability that has no future
date assigned to it.

So what you saw in Q1 was really a -- especially March, a
significant shift from that traditional ATL into credit or the vouchers. And so
you didn't see ATL overall come down. So as we look at that, that certainly is
something that we're looking at. We're trying to model right now how that rolls
through. And it really totally is dependent on when demand comes back. We
cannot model that with any sort of precision. But what we do know is we
continue to see sort of refunds and cancels, as Andrew and others mentioned and
others are seeing in the industry. And the majority of those are going into
this e-wallet or this credit balance. And so as we look to the rest of the year
and as demand starts to come back, then that's when you'll see that start
shifting back over into traditional ATL as people book their tickets.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Cash inflows will lag revenues.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Correct. That's exactly right.
But we don't have a lot of precision on that model yet simply because we don't
know when demand is going to start coming back.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Sorry, I might just add, I think there's
about $600 million of traditional ATL right now in our number. The refund --
cash refund to credit split has been 70% to credit or a little bit higher. So
you can sort of infer the potential downside if we saw refund activity continue
to be what it was over the first couple of months of the downturn here.

OPERATOR: There are no further questions at this time. I'll
turn the call to Mr. Tilden for any closing remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks very much for tuning in,
everybody. We look forward to talking with you at the end of the second
quarter. Thanks.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Thanks, everyone.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at alaskaair.com. You may
now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 050520a13142483.783










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); NEW ISSUES (90%); COMPANY
EARNINGS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); AVIATION
SECTOR PERFORMANCE (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); NEGATIVE BUSINESS NEWS
(89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS
(78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); ALLIANCES
& PARTNERSHIPS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); ECONOMIC CRISIS
(72%); INFECTIOUS DISEASE (60%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

COWEN GROUP INC (69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (69%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (68%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%);
GS (NYSE) (84%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN
(JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%); COWN (NASDAQ) (69%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (84%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%);
SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%); NAICS551111
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL
INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%);
SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%);
SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (84%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES &
AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (82%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%); AIRLINES (92%);
BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); AVIATION
SECTOR PERFORMANCE (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%);
REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (76%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (76%); REAL
ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 ALASKA, USA (96%)










 May 28, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
28, 2020 Tuesday




Copyright
2020

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2020 CCBN, Inc.

 11362 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

. - Executive VP & Chief
Commercial Officer of Alaska Airlines Inc.

* Benito Minicucci

. - President & COO of Alaska
Airlines Inc and CEO of Virgin America Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO, Executive VP of Finance
& Treasurer

* Christopher Michael Berry

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Diana Rakow

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP External Relations

* Emily Halverson

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Director, Investor Relations

* Nathaniel Pieper

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Fleet, Finance and Alliances

* Shane R. Tackett

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Executive VP of Planning &
Strategy of Alaska Airlines, Inc.

Conference Call Participants

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Jose Caiado De Sousa

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Matthew Aaron Wisniewski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Myles Alexander Walton

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - MD & Senior
Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Catherine, and I will be
your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Release
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for
future playback at alaskaair.com. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to
turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's Director, Investor Relations, Emily
Halverson.

EMILY HALVERSON, DIRECTOR, INVESTOR RELATIONS, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Catherine. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us
for our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. In today's prepared
remarks, you'll hear updates from Brad, Ben, Andrew, Brandon and Shane Tackett.
Several other members of our management team are also on hand to answer your
questions during the Q&A portion of the call. This afternoon, Alaska Air
Group reported fourth quarter net income of $181 million on both a GAAP and
adjusted basis, with the latter, excluding merger-related costs and
mark-to-market fuel hedging adjustments. Air Group's adjusted earnings per
share were $1.46, $0.05 ahead of the First Call consensus. These results
compare to adjusted net income of $93 million and adjusted earnings per share
of $0.75 in the fourth quarter of 2018.

Our fourth quarter adjusted pretax margin expanded 470 basis
points to 10.9%. This marks the fourth quarter of sequential improvement in our
margin expansion. For the full year 2019, Air Group reported record revenues of
$8.8 billion, adjusted net income of $798 million and adjusted earnings per
share of $6.42.

Pretax margin was 12%, with adjusted operating cash flow of
$1.8 billion and adjusted free cash flow of $1.1 billion. Our
debt-to-capitalization ratio declined to 41%, and our return on invested
capital was 12.2%.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements on our expected future performance, which may differ
materially from actual results. Information on risk factors that could affect
our business can be found in our SEC filings. On today's call, we refer to
certain non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted earnings and unit costs,
excluding fuel, and as usual, we've provided a reconciliation between the most
directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's earnings release.

And now I'll turn the call over to Brad for his opening
remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Emily, and good afternoon, everybody. As we've
discussed on the last couple of calls, we feel that 2019 marked a turning point
for us as we got through the bulk of our Virgin America integration and began
to see the returns on that investment. And more importantly, as we focused our
energy on running a fantastic airline and on executing initiatives, which we
designed to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage.

As Emily shared, today, we reported that our 2019 adjusted
pretax income grew by 43% to nearly $1.1 billion, and our adjusted pretax
margin expanded 3.1 points to 12%.

Our operating cash flow was exceptional, as it grew 37% to
$1.8 billion. Our free cash flow of $1.1 billion and our net income to free
cash flow conversion of about 140% were also very strong. We've now paid down
75% of the $2 billion we borrowed to buy Virgin America. And as Emily said, our
debt-to-cap ratio is now down to 41%. These results deliver terrific value for
our owners.

In 2019, our ROIC grew 280 basis points to 12.2%, and our
earnings per share for the full year grew 44%, which is the highest growth rate
of any airline that's reported so far. Of this value, we returned $250 million
to shareholders in 2019 through dividends and share repurchases. Brandon will
talk in a moment about our capital return plans for 2020, which will include
the $0.10 increase in our annual dividend, which we announced today.

We've made progress on many fronts, but we're especially
pleased with our momentum on commercial initiatives designed to improve the
guest experience and drive revenue gains. For both the fourth quarter and the
full year, we expect our unit revenue growth will be the best in the industry.
I want to congratulate Andrew and his team for this exceptional performance,
and I want to thank our front-line employees for operating safely and reliably
and for operating -- and for offering genuine and caring service to our
customers. These things are sometimes overlooked.

But I think we all know that no airline nor any business for
that matter, can deliver on value creation opportunities if the underlying
product is not inherently good. It's not just the leaders of Alaska that
believe we have outstanding people. J.D. Power, Condé Nast, Newsweek, and U.S.
News & All -- U.S. News & World Report, all spoke up in 2019 to
validate our views.

Tomorrow, over $130 million in annual performance-based pay
bonuses will go out to all Alaska and Horizon employees. This is the tenth year
that our program, which focuses all of us on safety, low cost, remarkable
service and financial performance will pay out. And the average over those 10
years is about an extra month of pay per year.

Even with these results, we've got work to do. At our 2018
Investor Day, we shared our road map detailing plans to return pretax margins
to the range of 13% to 15% over the cycle by improving performance in the
controllable parts of our operation. This is our #1 financial priority in 2020.

And as I close, I want to take a minute to recognize that this
will be Brandon's last earnings call. Brandon has been with Alaska for 16 years
and has served as our CFO for almost 10 of those years. As you know, Brandon is
an exceptional CFO. And he's been recognized as one of the best CFOs in the
industry because of his financial abilities and because of the clarity with
which he communicates our plan to you, the investment community, as well as to
our employees. We will miss Brandon dearly. And all of us at Alaska wish him
and his wife Janet the very best in retirement.

Shane Tackett will be Alaska's new CFO effective March 3.
Many of you know Shane well, and we're excited to see him step into this role.
Shane has been with Alaska for nearly 20 years and has led financial planning
and analysis, e-commerce, revenue management and labor relations. He has a
terrific understanding of our business and of how we work with people to
continue to grow and nurture Alaska. We're confident in his leadership, and
we're anxious to see the imprint he leaves on Alaska in his new role as CFO.

Last week, the leadership team and I returned from 2 weeks
on the road for employee meetings in 7 cities across our network. The goal of
these meetings was to share our strategy for 2025. And we found employees
throughout the operation were energized about the road ahead. This industry can
be challenging, but our people know what it takes to win: a relentless focus on
safety and on-time operation, truly remarkable service and a low fare, low
cost, high-efficiency financial profile.

We continue to do these things well and we'll continue to
grow. You'll hear more about this from others today. And with that, I'll turn
the call over to Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC
AND CEO OF VIRGIN AMERICA INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good
afternoon, everyone. At our Investor Day in the fall of 2018, we laid out a
road map to achieving our goal of 13% to 15% pretax margins and a series of
revenue and cost initiatives that would move us closer to that goal. Building on
that momentum, we've been working on our strategic plan for the last 6 months
that sets the vision for Alaska for the next 5 years. The plan builds on our
strengths and addresses key areas of opportunities for our company to thrive in
a consolidated and increasingly competitive industry.

The plan is comprehensive and for obvious reasons, we won't
share specific details, but at a high level, it is focused on 3 areas:

The first is growth, which includes how we build our network
in hubs, how we unlock the value proposition of our brand in California, how we
build the best-in-class merchandisers, how we become the best-in-class
merchandisers and how we drive guest and employee-facing innovation.

Second is people, which addresses how we continue to nurture
our fantastic culture, how we build excellent labor relations and how we
develop best leaders in the industry.

And third is our business model, which builds on our strong
safety culture and operational excellence. Our path of being leaders in
sustainability and our focus on creating a robust financial engine that allows
us to generate appropriate financial returns over the long term.

Alaska always has been and will continue to be a growth
airline. Since 2000, we've grown at a rate that outpaced industry 3:1. We were
able to do this because of our durable, competitive advantages. We're safe. We
run a good operation. Our people provide remarkable service. And we have
low-cost so we can offer our guests low fares.

Building these muscles has required enormous discipline.
Over the last 10 years, we've demonstrated our ability to be at or near the top
of the industry in each of these areas. We know that preserving these
competitive advantages is key to the continued profitable growth, but we're
seeing increasing congestion in our largest hubs that is challenging us. Gary
Beck, our new Chief Operating Officer and his leadership team will be
laser-focused on operational excellence, and changing processes so we can
continue to operate in our congested hubs with a low-cost, high productivity
mindset.

Recently, we began building another muscle that is key to
our future as a growth airline, building our commercial advantage through
improved merchandising and demand generation. We saw the impact these efforts
had on our performance in 2019 and believe there is additional opportunity to
improve in these areas. Andrew will be sharing more about these plans in a bit.

Finally, our business model. You know that we are committed
to achieving a 13% to 15% pretax margin, and that remains unchanged.
Additionally, we've been working on concrete goals around capital allocation,
specifically related to free cash flow generation and returns of capital. You
hear us talk often about the value we create for our guests and employees and
our Board has always been supportive of this. They've challenged us to also
model the same clarity in our long-term commitments to owners. So we've created
a document that we hope to share with investors this spring that provides
insights on our management philosophy, and that covers the financial targets
that we should be held accountable to.

The working title of this document is called the owner's
manual. We plan to share more about it at our annual shareholder meeting on
[May 7] (corrected by company after the call). If you don't typically dial-in
for that, I suggest that you do so this year.

Before I hand it over to Andrew, I'd like to mention several
achievements during the quarter. First, we completed our busiest holiday travel
season ever. Our fantastic people helped over 11 million guests get to their
destinations this quarter, that both Christmas and New Year's falling midweek,
demand was higher than usual as evidenced by elevated load factors and yield
throughout 2 holiday weeks. And despite a rough Christmas week operationally,
our people provided excellent service to our guests and I want to thank them
for their efforts over a busy couple of weeks.

Second, with the recent ratification of a joint collective
bargain agreement with our Airbus and Boeing aircraft technicians, all work
groups across the company are integrated completing a significant milestone in
under 3 years after the merger with Virgin America.

Third, Horizon delivered one of the best financial and
operational performances in its history in 2019, with its lowest unit cost
ever. Gary Beck and the entire team at Horizon have led a remarkable
transformation. Congratulations to them. And looking forward, I'm eager to see
how new Horizon President, Joe Sprague and the team build on this success, including
continued cost management and moving even more to best-in-class E175
operational performance.

As I reflect on my almost 16 years with Alaska, I know that
our success has been fueled by our fantastic people, many of whom have been
here for decades, building our brand and the special connection we have with
our guests. Our culture and focus on kindness is truly unique, and we will
continue to nurture that even as we continue to grow. Our employee meetings
over 7 cities in the last 2 weeks, we're inspiring and energizing and that
gives me confidence we can execute this ambitious plan.

And now over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, EXECUTIVE VP & CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Ben, and good
afternoon, everyone. To echo what you've heard from others, the commercial
business ended the year on a very strong note. Our total revenue grew 7.9% in
the fourth quarter on just 3.5% capacity increase. This translates to unit
revenue growth of 4.2%, which we believe will exceed the industry by over 350
basis points.

Both leisure and business demand was solid this quarter, I'm
pleased to report that New York and California transcon performance were both
among the top 3 TRASM improvement stories for Alaska. Our teams have worked
hard this year to recover from the challenges we faced early in 2019 and have
made a positive impact turning those markets around. This is a testament to
what we know to be true, putting the right aircraft in the right markets when
combined with Alaska's high-quality product and service is a win for both our
guests and Alaska Airlines.

An important contributor to our revenue growth has been our
premium product. You may recall that prior to 2017, our mainline fleet was
segmented into just 2 classes. First and main cabin, with the regional fleet
only main cabin. At that time, premium product revenues comprised just 7% of
all revenues, with 70% of revenues generated by main cabin seats. Today, First
Class and Premium Class represent 22% of our total revenues.

This mix will grow as we complete the reconfiguration of the
Airbus to bring the premium product mix in line with the rest of the fleet.

On the regional side of our business, we also see solid
demand for premium seating on the Embraer 175s. We're intentional about how we
manage our premium product business. Our goal is to keep our premium cabins
affordable, provide generous benefits to our loyalty members while competing
effectively against our peers. In the fourth quarter, First Class revenue was
up 19% on 13.6% more seats. Premium Class revenues were up 16% on 14.5% more
seats. This momentum will continue into 2020 as we complete the remainder of
the retrofit and focus on more effective merchandising of our premium cabin.

RASM from our premium products was 54% higher than generated
by our main cabin and a 6-point improvement from the fourth quarter of 2018. On
the loyalty front, we once again saw double-digit percentage growth in our
revenues this quarter. Revenues include mileage plan commissions on our credit
card as well as redemption revenues included in passenger revenue. This
quarter's performance caps off 3 incredible years of growth in our loyalty
program since the acquisition.

I'd also like to note that this quarter's results concluded
4 consecutive quarters of year-over-year RASM growth and a strong close to the
year. Total revenues in 2019 grew 6.3% to $8.8 billion on 2% capacity growth.

RASM for the full year is up 4.2%, more than 200 basis
points over industry. And additionally, this represents approximately 50 basis
points over expectations we've shared with you at our Investor Day in the fall
of 2018 and represents our highest full year relative RASM increase since 2011.
We started talking to you about an inflection at the beginning of 2019, and we
are pleased that our results this year demonstrate that we achieved it.

As Ben mentioned, it is imperative that we carry the
momentum we've built in 2019 forward. And we will be squarely focused on
building strength in the areas of merchandising, demand generation and
innovation. To improve the execution of revenue initiatives and the guest
experience, my organization has recently undergone a structural realignment to
better anticipate and serve the needs and desires of our guests.

The drivers of our revenue have fundamentally changed over
the past decade, where they were once predominantly driven by main cabin ticket
sales, we now manage a fully segmented cabin that houses numerous
billion-dollar segments, including First Class, Premium Class, Saver Fares and
loyalty revenue. A new organizational structure better reflects how we do
business today and will improve both the guest experience and our revenue
performance.

The company has long been a leader in merchandising and
technology. A key enhancement to the commercial organization was appointing
Charu Jain as Senior VP of Merchandising and Innovation. This new division will
also include responsibilities over distribution and e-commerce. Charu, who has
previously Alaska's CIO brings deep technology experience. She'll be working
with all our leaders to not only drive merchandising, but innovation that will
be squarely anchored in revenue generation, improving the guest experience and
developing tools for our employees so we can deliver our products and service
with excellence.

We are very confident that Charu's leadership will drive us
to regain a top position in these disciplines. Also on the technology front,
the implementation of our new revenue management system is well underway. This
project is a multi-year investment, which will bring advanced forecasting
capabilities, along with revenue and network optimization support. We plan to
complete the first phase in the back half of 2020. While the incremental
revenue delivered in the first year is small at around $20 million, the
capability it supports will unlock more significant revenue potential in the
years to follow.

As I shared on our last call, our 2020 revenue includes the
carryover of 2019 revenue initiatives and synergies of approximately $125
million. This will be concentrated in the first half of the year. Half of this
represents synergies, such as cross fleeting, and the other half revenue
initiatives such as the annualization of Saver Fare and other ancillary price
changes.

Additionally, the focus we're putting on merchandising,
demand generation and innovation is expected to drive additional revenue growth
with most of the opportunities skewing to the second half of the year as some
of the larger initiatives require the activation of new technology. We will be
updating you on the progress of our 2020 initiatives through our quarterly
revenue guides.

This afternoon, we established our first quarter guidance
ranges. Capacity growth will be approximately 4% and unit revenue is expected
to grow between 0.5 point and 3.5 percentage. While Q1 is the weakest seasonal
period in the industry, we've seen indications of strength in the early weeks
of the quarter relative to last year. To date, pricing has been stable. And
structural changes to our network in January and February to better match our
network to demand patterns is resulting in some nice load factor increases, and
we expect to outperform industry unit revenues this quarter.

2019 was a strong year accompanied by great momentum,
delivering margin improvement through higher RASM and a better guest experience
remains the commercial team's #1 priority as we enter 2020. We've demonstrated
our ability to identify and execute against high-quality, self-help measures in
2019 and are confident that the additional opportunities we have identified
will be similarly successful in 2020.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Brandon and Shane.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO, EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE &
TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Good afternoon,
everybody. As part of our transition, you're going to hear from both Shane and
me today as we walk through our Q4 and full year performance and talk about
2020. We were pleased with our fourth quarter results. Net income and earnings
per share both nearly doubled.

Our 10.9% pretax margin was 470 basis points better than
last year on the strength of unit revenues, solid execution against our cost
plan, again, and a modest decline in fuel prices. This was our fourth
consecutive quarter of margin improvement and the largest.

For the full year, adjusted pretax margin was 12%, a
3.1-point improvement over last year and meaningful progress on our path to 13%
to 15% margin. Profits increased because our teams executed well on the
initiatives we laid out at our 2018 Investor Day.

Our fourth quarter unit costs increased 0.7% on 3.5%
increase in capacity. We weren't happy with the result. We did have a modest
reduction in capacity given December's weather and some related costs, but we
also saw some late adjustments to employee benefit accruals, including high
dollar adjustments to pilot disability accruals and large medical claims that
came into the last couple of weeks of the year. Brad mentioned our
performance-based pay program, and I thought it might be useful to connect our
year-end benefits related adjustments to the PBP payouts earned by our people.

These late adjustments reduced the payout of an employee
making $50,000 a year by $275. We need to improve the structure of these
programs to better manage these costs prospectively. Overall, our full year
cost performance was solid. Our teams across the company, both in operational
roles and support roles, did a nice job developing aggressive plans and then
hitting them. It's notable that our full year CASM increased only 2 -- excuse
me, 2.3% on 2% ASM growth. You might recall that our initial guidance for 2019
was for 2% to 2.5% unit cost growth. We achieved that while absorbing $48
million of costs associated with the new collective bargaining agreements with
our IAM and AMFA represented employees, not in the original guide.

Productivity was good, but we still have lots of opportunity
to get back to peak performance. Overhead was down 3.5% or $25 million
year-over-year helped by the outstanding work of our supply chain team and
their very successful initiative to improve terms with our business partners
and the steps we took to rightsize our corporate staff. In fact, there's more
work underway to simplify reporting structures and make us more agile.

Now over to Shane.

SHANE R. TACKETT, EXECUTIVE VP OF PLANNING & STRATEGY OF
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Brandon, and good
afternoon, everybody. My remarks today will touch on both capacity and cost
guidance for 2020. And then briefly on our fleet plan and owner's manual.
Regarding capacity, it remains our intent to grow between 3% and 4% this year.
This does assume a midyear MAX return to service, which, given Boeing's press
release last week and the likely requirement for sim-based training for MAX
pilots is still uncertain.

Regarding cost guidance, we believe unit costs will be up
about 2% for 2020, excluding the impact of a new agreement with Alaska's
pilots. I would also note that 2% excludes any impact to capacity due to the
MAX delivery timing as well as any costs associated with potentially required
training related to returning the MAX to service. We'll continue to update both
our capacity and cost guidance as we gain more certainty about the timing of
the 10 MAX aircraft we are scheduled to receive this year.

To discuss costs a little further, we just wrapped our
annual budget process. And although I'm happy that we have a plan that will
again grow our pretax margin, we continue to have opportunity on our cost
structure. As you know, during integration, we intentionally de-prioritized, to
a modest degree, our cost focus. That is now behind us, and we know that our
long-term health is secured only with the ability to offer low fares and
high-value to our guests. And that to offer low fares, we need to be relentless
again in our focus on efficiency and low cost.

While goals are aggressive for 2020 in light of a few large
headwinds, we are committed to demonstrating our continued focus on cost
discipline in the quarters and years ahead. For Q1 specifically, we expect unit
cost to increase roughly 3% on the 4% ASM growth that Andrew mentioned.

Another important area of focus is our long-term fleet plan.
We have an opportunity to replace 61 A319 and A320 aircraft with larger gauge,
more efficient assets, either MAX 9s and 10s or Airbus 321neos. All of which
would give us the ability to generate more revenue while lowering unit costs.
The economics of up-gauging over the next several years are compelling, and we
are looking forward to finalizing plans to do this as one of our main 2020
objectives. The ultimate timing of a fleet transition will be balanced to
smooth incremental training costs, especially if moving to a single fleet, and
will also be done in a manner that ensures we can meet our free cash flow and
capital return goals. We'll have more on this topic in the quarters to come.

Lastly, Ben talked to you about our owner's manual, which is
something we are excited to share more about later this spring. Alaska, led by
Brandon in these past 10-plus years, has established a history of balanced and
consistent capital allocation, balance sheet health and cash flow generation
that has served the company, our guests, our employees and our owners well.

The owner's manual will serve to build on this history by
documenting and memorializing goals in several areas, including free cash flow
generation, leverage, returns to shareholders, ROIC and pretax margins. It also
discusses the factors that have driven and will drive our continued success,
including the way we serve customers, how we offer value to and create loyalty
with guests. And the critical importance of operating with excellence and being
a great place to build a career for our people. As Ben said, we will share this
in May at our Shareholder Meeting.

And with that, one last volley, back over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Thanks, Shane. Turning to the balance
sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and marketable
securities. We produced a record $1.8 billion of operating cash flow before
pension funding while net CapEx was approximately $700 million, resulting in
$1.1 billion of free cash flow, a $760 million improvement over last year. Free
cash flow conversion was exceptional at approximately 140%. CapEx was lower-than-planned
because of MAX delivery delays, but planned CapEx was also low because of the
intentional constraints we put on CapEx 2 years ago in order to improve our
ability to generate free cash flow.

Our #1 capital allocation priority for 2019 was to re-deleverage
our balance sheet. We paid off more than $600 million of balance sheet debt and
have now paid off $1.5 billion or 75% of the amount we borrowed to acquire
Virgin America. We closed the quarter with a debt-to-cap ratio of 41%, and with
the trailing 12-month net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.9x. We also made a $65
million contribution to our defined benefit pension plans, which are now 86%
funded.

Last quarter, I mentioned that our treasury team was working
hard not only to prepay debt, but to restructure the debt that remains to take
advantage of the low rate environment. They've done a great job. We have $1.5
billion of balance sheet debt remaining, 79% of that is fixed, and the overall
portfolio rate is currently 3%. Current maturities average only $250 million
per year over the next 3 years. Rounding out our fortress balance sheet, our
113 unencumbered mainline and E175 aircraft and $400 million of undrawn lines
of credit.

On the capital return side, I hope you all saw that we once
again increased the dividend this time by $0.10 per share or 7%, signaling our
Board's confidence that we're on the right track and our current expectation
that 2020 profit will eclipse that of 2019.

Given that our leverage is basically where we want it, we're
poised to increase returns to shareholders with the going-in assumption that
share repurchases will increase by more than 3x to $250 million this year. When
combined with the higher dividend, we expect to return $430 million to our
owners this year, the second highest amount in our history.

Before we go to Q&A, I thought I might offer some
closing thoughts through a more personal lens. First, you've heard about our
competitive advantages.

They are real and durable, but the secret sauce of this
company is our people. Sure, that might sound cliché, and I know investors
can't model it, but it's actually the truth. Not just the way they connect with
our guests, but how resilient and determined they are across all corners of
this special company, despite our 87 year history of being the underdog.

Second, I couldn't be more enthusiastic about our new CFO.
There is nobody here better than Shane at understanding the profit drivers of
our business. And finally, we have an awesome strategic plan. That's exactly
the right plan for where Alaska is today. And we have an exceptional group of
leaders, especially those around this table that I have been incredibly lucky
to work with, who will make it come to life. It's going to be fun to watch. And
with that, let's go to questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And your first question
comes from the line of Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I think I'd be remiss to not start off by saying
congratulations, Brandon, on your retirement, but I'm sure you know that you'll
be missed by all. And then from there, I guess, I'll start off with the cost
question. So just on your 2020 cost outlook, so thinking back, this year's unit
costs were up 2.3% on 2% capacity growth, which, as you just highlighted,
includes about 100 basis points of labor headwind from new agreements you
reached in this year? And then in 2020, you're expecting unit cost to increase
to similar around on what could be 150 basis points more capacity. Can you just
help us walk through any headwinds you're facing this year? Or any big cost
tailwinds (inaudible) from 2019 to help explain that pickup in unit costs?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes, Catie, this is Shane. I'll take that.
And just to reiterate, I do think we had a really good year in 2019. If you
recall at Investor Day in 2018, we laid out a multi-year sort of road map that
articulated $160 million of cost savings that we were going to go after over
the next couple of years. I think we did really well on a number of those,
selling related expenses, constraining overhead, which was down $40 million.
Brandon mentioned the supply chain work that was done this year. And so that's
all really good. We do have more work to do on the productivity side of the
business, asset utilization side of the business.

In order to get those unlocked, we need to be able to grow
more and to do that, we just need more stability in our fleet plan, and we need
to unlock some of the constraints in the way of growing, which include crew
training. And again, just sort of knowing which aircraft we're going to have
over the next year or 2.

There are a couple of headwind areas, principally airport
related costs. This is a place we used to be super efficient at. It was maybe
3% or 4% of the cost structure. It's 7% or 8% now, and I think it's going to be
elevated for a while as aging infrastructure at airports does need to be
upgraded and we understand and support that. And then we do have a big maintenance
sort of driven expense item this year, both on the Airbus and the Boeing side,
a lot of the Airbus related costs are related to beginning to account for lease
returns that begin in earnest next year.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay, great. Maybe just one quick
follow-up on that one. So on the lease returns, do you have any sense of -- or
could you give us some color on like what portion of the CASM mix that's
driving this year?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes, Catie, I think we do know that, but I
don't think we're giving that level of detail out today on the call.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Got it. And maybe just one more
on the MAX. So a couple of your peers were negatively impacted by lost capacity
due to grounding of the MAX in 2019, have reached agreements with Boeing, that
should reduce CapEx going forward. Could we see downside to your $750 million
CapEx forecast, not only just from the timing shift, but also from a potential
reduction in purchase price if the MAX remains out of service through later this
year.

NATHANIEL PIEPER, SVP OF FLEET, FINANCE AND ALLIANCES,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Catie, it's Nat Pieper. We're talking with Boeing, as I
think every other airline is on the planet right now with potential delivery
schedules. As you know, we were supposed to have 3 airplanes last year and take
7 more in 2020. It's part of our longer-term fleet strategy and looking at
growth and replacement going forward, and there's just going to be more to come
on that.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Savi
Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a little bit of slightly
different side of the coin to Catie's question on CASMex. I think, Shane, you
mentioned that your -- the plan is to expand pretax margin. So kind of curious
on the revenue side. It seems like there's some confidence that maybe you'd
outperform the industry -- you'll be able to continue outperform in the
industry.

I'm not quite clear on kind of all the drivers there and
what gives you confidence as with everybody having these various revenue
initiatives. And I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about
that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Hi, Savi, it's Andrew. I think a lot of
things that we've had an opportunity to do that we're going to continue to see.
The first thing is, as I shared in my prepared remarks, we do have carryover
synergies and initiatives that are quite significant. And most of the other
carriers had their basic economy in already and of course, the synergies from
cross fleeting and other things. So that's a benefit that's going to come
through.

The other thing is that we are really hitting our stride
now. We're squarely focused on running our core business. The network team is
doing a magnificent job at getting seasonal schedules tighter, more efficient,
more productive, working with the ops groups. And we are now moving away from
integration and squarely focused on getting our revenue initiatives in more
quickly and doing a much better job of it. Overall, from what I'm seeing in the
first quarter, we feel really good about how all those things are working
together on the revenue momentum front.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Makes sense. And then, Brandon, if I
might ask you a question as Brad pointed out. You've been doing this for --
leading Alaska for 16 years, and I think longer being a part of Alaska. Just
wondering, over this time, kind of what you think consider to be advantages
that Alaska have today that you didn't see when you kind of joined? And maybe
what are the challenges that you see today that are different than maybe kind
of 10, 15 years ago?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: That's Savi. That's an interesting
question, just off the cuff. What I would say is, we're way more disciplined than
we were 16 years ago. And that just comes from us maturing as a company and
getting a better leadership team and focusing more on process. That cuts across
the operation and how we think about our service and also think cuts across the
finance part of the business as well.

In terms of challenges going forward, I think it's just
continuing to grow profitably in an industry where 4 carriers have 85% market
share. But I'm confident, as I said, that we've got a mix of competitive
advantages, some tangible and some intangibles that will allow us to do this
going forward, and I'm really optimistic about the company's future.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Joe
Caiado with Crédit Suisse.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA, RESEARCH ANALYST, CRéDIT SUISSE AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Congrats again, Brandon and Shane. Congrats to Kyle,
Sangita, lots of congratulations to go around over there. As you work on
putting together your 5-year plan, how was the uncertainty around the MAX
impacted that process internally. Have you had to delay certain decisions or
could it even be seen as an opportunity as you revisit your delivery schedule
with Boeing?

Shane, you talked about -- you're thinking about upgauging,
might this actually afford you more flexibility in terms of fleet or CapEx
planning as you think about putting together that 5-year plan?

NATHANIEL PIEPER: Joe, it's Nat Pieper, again. I think what
we've been focused on is really defining our fleet requirements for the next 5
to 10 years, covering our replacement needs and covering growth. Shane
mentioned the 61 A319s and 320s that we currently operate. And those are the
airplanes that are the primary candidates for replacement.

We're looking at the MAX 9 and the MAX 10, looking at the
A321neo and there's going to be upgauge benefits for us with that, better cost
performance, better revenue performance. Boeing's challenges with the MAX did
cause us to rework the sequencing of events and some of our timing. But we're
confident that over the next 6 to 9 months, we're going to come with a good
decision for Alaska. Later this quarter, we're going to start the acquisition
process. We'll work it through the summer, and we're confident we'll come up
with an answer in third quarter, fourth quarter of this year.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA: Appreciate that. And then maybe just a
quick question. On this owner's manual, understand more details to come at the
annual meeting, we certainly look forward to that. But just can you describe
the document a little bit more in its intended purpose. Is that something that
would be accompanied by formal changes to the proxy and management compensation
structure? Is it more sort of a philosophical document or guidepost for
management. Just how should investors think about that document?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Joe, this is Chris Berry. It really is more the latter.
I mean, it's a pretty comprehensive document, but it shares our competitive
advantages, our management philosophy, our style. And then really sets up these
guideposts for long-term financial performance. And so you'll see that laid out
in the owner's manual. We'll spend more time with you all after we made those
announcements to share more of the detail on the sausage making, but that's generally
how it's laid out.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Chris gave a great answer. I might just
sort of maybe add some perspective from the Board. Our Board of Directors got
very interested in this process. We had 2 or 3 investors come and speak with
the board 18 months or 24 months ago. And the basic idea was we feel like we do
articulate how we bring value to our communities, to our customers, to our
employees, and they really nudged us to say get more articulate about what the
deal is for people that own the business. And I think we've had a lot of fun
putting the manual together. I think -- I hope, as we put it out there, I hope
you will give us feedback, but it's -- the idea is that we don't want our stock
to be a trading vehicle. We don't want it as a shareholder roster to be filled
with short-term investors. We want this to be a fantastic place for you to
invest over decades, and we want to be part of getting more respect for the
industry, getting people that invest in the airline space to have a mindset
when they invest that it's going to be a great long-term investment.

So that -- this is sort of us taking a stab at putting --
making some commitments. We know that we've done well when we've made public
commitments about what we want to do. So as Ben and Chris have said, we'll roll
this out in May, but we're anxious to get your feedback to it and then have it
get better as we move along.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Brandon,
congratulations. Given your comments, Ben, on hub congestion and Shane, some of
the comments you made about rising airport costs. So what's the company view on
this proposed second airport in the SeaTac region?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Hunter, you're talking Paine Field.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: No. I'm talking about the proposed --
didn't the City Council talk about, there was going to be some proposals going
to be debated at some point in 2022, about building a second airport in the
region just completely from scratch.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, this is a great chance for Diana
Birkett Rakow to jump in, and she's been working on this, Hunter. And Diana,
why don't you share our thoughts.

DIANA RAKOW, VP EXTERNAL RELATIONS, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Sure. Thanks, Hunter, you've been reading some good Washington state news. So
the legislature passed a bill last year to set up a governor commission to --
governor commissioned board to look at potential options for growing capacity
across the region. That could be at Paine Field, that could be at another
airport in the region and asked for a recommendation to the governor by January
1, 2022.

Shane Jones, who is our Vice President of Airports is on
that commission, along with many others and we're very interested in the
results. We certainly know that we have fantastic growth in this region, and we
have constrained airport space, and we want to make sure that we can continue
to grow.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: What's your view on it? Do you want it to
happen? Or I mean what's your company view?

DIANA RAKOW: Yes, we do want it to happen. We're really glad
that the commission was set up. We don't have a bias yet as to where that
capacity increase occurs. Obviously, there's some underway at SeaTac, but we
need more than that. And we're anxious to get through the evaluation to make
sure we do have a thoughtful answer about where. And it -- more maybe 1
location, at maybe more than 1 location at the end.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, great. And then second question,
Andrew, you talked about sort of the revenue initiates and network initiatives.
It looks like seasonality is kind of creeping back into the P&L a little
bit. And that means bad margins in 1Q and really good margins in 3Q. You guys
kind of got away from that a few years ago, and the balance was something you
talked about. As you make network changes to sort of return to areas of
strength, does it also reintroduce a little bit of sort of quarter-to-quarter
seasonal imbalance in your annual earnings results. Is that something you're
trying to manage?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, that's been squarely on my team's
radar. In fact, just to be frank, watching January and February of this
quarter, very, very closely because we made some very significant network
moves. And what I'm seeing right now is very decent load factor increases
accompanied by yield increases. So I think going forward, our job will still be
in the first and the fourth quarter, but the first quarter is really our biggest
challenge. And I think as we move the network around, as we upgauge, as we do a
lot of other stuff, I think we'll get this a little more in line. But first
quarter is probably going to be always the weakest.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Michael
Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: And just to kind of echo the
sentiment of everyone else, Brandon, it's been a great run. So on that note,
I'm going to ask a pension question, but you can deflect over. One more pension
question, right? But I don't know if you may have mentioned it earlier, but do
we see in 2020, do we see a benefit in the non-op from maybe
better-than-expected returns in your pension in 2019?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, definitely. The non-op portion
will be a small favorable improvement year-over-year.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And then just my second
question, and maybe this is more to Andrew. When we think about you talk about
growth, and I sense that it's all about margin growth and earnings growth, but
we also look at sort of where your supply growth is relative to the industry.
And the 3% to 4% number if we were to go back 12-plus months pre MAX, was that
where the planning was for 2020, maybe 2021? Or is that maybe even a bit on the
low side because you had some pretty meaningful network changes. It does seem
like you've pulled back some transcons and some longer hauls. That 3%, 4%, how
has that changed maybe post MAX is what I'm asking?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, that's a good question. I think --
well, for '19, we were more deliberate about slowing our growth as we tried to
get the integration behind us. I would say for 2020, our growth is lower than
we would like, just to be honest. The MAX for sure has pushed on that a little
bit, but also we're working through this multi-fleet and crew and all the rest.
But at the end of the day, as we've shared, it's 4% to 6% growth. And I'm
looking forward to getting through some of these decisions and challenges so
that we can move this forward.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And just one just last
word of Brandon. I presumably you picked the March week, the first week of
March because that's when S&P upgrades you to investment grade, right? We
should assume that.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Bless you, Man.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Helane
Becker with Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: And Brandon, I will echo everybody else's
comments, we'll miss working with you. Shane we're looking forward to working
with you. And Brandon, I'm looking forward to seeing what your next chapter is
going to look like. So 2 questions. One is, are you doing any accruals for
prospective contracts like for the pilot contract? Or is that an after the fact
item?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: No, it's an after the fact item for us.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. And then my next question is kind of
unrelated to some of the things you've talked about so far. With -- I know you
guys have a lot of codeshare agreements and interline agreements with various
international airlines, especially ones in Asia and China. And I'm wondering if
you're seeing any declines in passenger transfers between your airline and
those airlines? Or if it's way too soon with what's going on in China?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, it's Andrew. We've looked at it.
The international connectivity to and from especially China and some Asia is a
very small number for us. And so as we look at our growth and traffic right
now, it has not been impacted at this time because of this.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. And then just one other question. On
transcon, do you have to rethink your decision not to have lie-flat seats as
you grow that business? Or are you not going to grow that business going
forward?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, thanks, Helane. Actually, that's a
fair question, but I have been extremely encouraged by what's happened in the
transcon business, how we've restructured our pricing and the product and the
loyalty growth that we've seen. So right now, the product that we have on board
is working very well for us, and I still see upside even going forward. So for
me right now, lie-flat seats is not something that I'm consider -- that we're
looking at.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brandon, congrats. I
felt like some of the commentary around the fleet transition and the capital
that could go with that was a little bit cryptic. So could you just maybe
provide a little bit more clarity around maybe how capital-intensive the
business could get over that period or what your commitments in terms of
returning cash to shareholders would be through that.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Joe, it's Shane. Yes, we're not sort of in
a position to have a lot of precision around that. Just because we don't know
what this deal might look like or deals might look like as we go out and look
at acquiring aircraft. But certainly, replacing 61 aircraft over a period of
time is going to require some capital. A lot of those, as you know, are leased
today. There's a chance that we could replace some of those with leases. But
our goal is to sort of get the best value and the best deal for Alaska as we go
through this process with the manufacturers. And we'll say more about this when
we roll out the owners manual, but also be very committed to returns to shareholders,
assuming we have a good profitability, which is what we're planning to have
over the next several years.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: And Joe, it's Brandon. Maybe just to
follow-up. It's not intended to be cryptic at all. It's really just the
uncertainty around the timing and what we actually do that will drive Capex for
the year. But just to reiterate what Shane said, that's really one of the
purposes of the owner's manual is to allow some guidelines to make sure that
we're meeting our commitments on balance sheet strength and free cash flow
generation.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then, Brad, I think either
you or Brandon have mentioned how much of the Virgin debt you've paid down
about 73x over the past 12 months. So it's clearly something that you think is
important. Can you just help us understand what we should interpret that as?
Like what happens when all of the debt is paid down. Why is that so important
in your view?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, well, we -- it was -- we've never
done M&A before. If I recall, we paid $2.6 billion of the equity value for
Virgin America. We financed $2 billion or $2.1 billion of that with debt. And
Brandon, you can audit me as we go here. But that was different. And we are
super proud of a very conservative balance sheet and conservative financial
profile, and it was important to us to get the balance sheet back to what
investors think of what we -- how we think of ourselves as quickly as we could.
So we are really proud to have off 75%, $2 billion, and now 74x where mentioned
that.

I think the other reason that's important is all of this and
some of the messaging we're trying to do today. All of this positions us to
move forward now. It's -- as you go through every you always learn things, but
these are big things. There's all kinds of systems and brands and loyalty and
single certificate reservations. There's so much stuff that needs to be done.
And for a while, you are actually really held into that space. But what we're
trying to say is that's behind us now. We're no more looking through the
rearview mirror. We're looking forward. We're -- what are the things that make
Alaska great. What are the things that make it great for investors and
customers, investors -- sorry, investors, customers, employees. And let's look
all eyes through the front windshield, moving forward, continuing to make a
great airline even better. So that's what we're -- that's the messaging we're
trying to do. I'm not sure how well we've done it, but that is our mindset.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie
Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Question on 2-week
roadshow that Brad spoke enthusiastically about in the prepared remarks. Presumably,
the mood amongst rank at time was positive. But could you identify the typical
areas of dissatisfaction?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Jamie, it's Ben. I'm thinking back. We did
so many road shows across all our big hubs. There were a lot of questions
related to some internal things, internal systems that we needed to operate
better within the company. So it's -- and this will be stuff that bores you
guys, but timekeeping systems and scheduling systems.

But I would say, overall, what was really good for me, my
big takeaway is they were really energized about the vision and the plan over
the next 5 years. There was growth. And the big thing, yes, one of the biggest
things was that the Virgin America questions weren't there anymore. People were
jelling as one team. I had just felt for the first time in 3 years doing all
these roadshows that -- I felt like the airline was one. And that was so
inspiring. And again, we did all our big stations, it was a lot of fun.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. That's helpful. Second, when I
think back pre-merger Alaska went through a phase of innovation. I think you
were the first with self-printing bag tags. I remember an experiment with RFID
key chains that would check customers in when they enter the terminals.
Obviously, that's reaching back before smartphones. It's not going to impact my
2020 model or anything. But was that just a phase, I mean I'm wondering if the
13% to 15% margins also includes once again, pushing the envelope in terms of
technology. And I'm thinking more about what the customer experience is not so
much distribution. Is this also a mandate for Charu's area?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Jamie, this is Andrew. It absolutely is.
And I think if you just look at the airline industry today, it's not as much
about networks anymore, obviously, for the big guys, they fly everywhere. It's
about the guest. It's about the interaction of the guest. It's about making it
easy and bringing that all together. And I think on the innovation front, we
got distracted by the integration. And I think what I'm really excited about is
organizationally, and I think it's okay to say, too, we also have an audit --
excuse me, we have a subcommittee of the board now that's focused on innovation
that Charu and I are accountable to.

So I think you're going to see some real momentum here.
You're right. 2020 it will be started but the next few years is a big focus for
us.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Not much more to add at this point.
Best wishes Brandon on the next chapter. Not sure if you'd be willing to talk
about it, but do you have a noncompete? And if you do, how long does it last?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: It last 15 years.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: We're actually not willing to talk
about it because it's not focused on Air Group going forward.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Fair enough. On free cash flow,
great to hear you're stepping back up the buyback in 2020. Just checking the
math a little bit because if you truly are done re-deleveraging, it feels like
it could be substantially bigger than what you've outlined. So should we think
about this as a starting point? Or are you looking to build cash for now?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Duane, maybe I'll take that one. Yes,
we're not looking to build cash. We ended the year with $1.5 billion. That's
probably about where we see it ending next year as well. You are absolutely
right with the math that you are doing. There will be more, but it's all
dependent on what we end up doing with the fleet decision. That's why we
started at $250 million, but we're going to be flexible on that, and we have
capacity under our existing repurchase program to do more than $400 million. So
we'll wait and see.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then if I could sneak one
last one in for Andrew. Sorry for the baseball analogy. What inning would you
say you're in with respect to the Premium revenue push both in inventory
availability and your ability to merchandise it?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, I'd say we're sort of in the final
innings as far as putting the inventory on the shelf. We took 25 175s and all
the conversions. We're now turning over to up-selling and all the rest of it.
And we've got ways to go there to do a better job there.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon
Oglenski with Barclays.

MATTHEW AARON WISNIEWSKI, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK
PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is actually Matt Wisniewski on for Brandon. First,
congrats Brandon. But I just had one quick question. I wanted to just think
about -- to get some additional color on how we should be thinking about growth
this year. Last year was focused on regional, this year was a shift towards the
mainline, whether that's new markets?

And then in the case of the MAX not returning, what levers
potentially could you pull to potentially mitigate the impact, whether it's
utilization or anything else?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. But basically -- I'm sorry, I got
distracted on n (inaudible).

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Regionally -- geographically -- where
we're going to be if MAX doesn't come. How do we grow?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: The growth is 100% mainline. The
regional is shrinking just a little bit and then we do have some levers to pull,
whether it's paint lines, mud lines or some other things that we really don't
want to, but if we needed to, we might be able to squeeze some more out.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Possibly Airbus lease extensions as well.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Myles
Walton with UBS.

MYLES ALEXANDER WALTON, MD & SENIOR ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: I was wondering in the context of the 3% to
4% capacity growth you're looking for in 2020, kind of what you're looking for
from the regional versus the mainline? And also, in the context of your fleet
planning decision, how intertwined is the exercise of the options on the 175s
to the decisions on the mainline side? And did they kind of have to happen in
sequence.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Just on the growth, as I just shared,
it's all mainline this year, regional is flat to down.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. And on the question about the options
for E175s, we've done a bunch of regional growth recently. We're going to focus
on mainline fleet plan over the next several months. And then by the end of the
year, Myles, we do plan to make some decisions about what we want to do with
the regional fleet over a 5- to 10-year period as well.

MYLES ALEXANDER WALTON: And you guys have that kind of
unique advantage of having, in the past, operate the single fleet and then
going to get the complexity of the second type, and I know in the prepared
remarks, you hinted at the evaluation of that single fleet benefit. Can you
maybe lay out economically what you've seen as the complexity cost of the dual
fleets? And maybe what that is as a put if you decide to maintain a dual fleet?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Myles, I might not provide a specific
number. We do -- we have looked at it. There are clearly some hard costs
associated with just crew and some maintenance provisioning and those sorts of
things, some training. There are a lot of soft costs that sort of get lost,
that it's hard to quantify around just schedule efficiency and making sure you
have the right planes and the right cities on every single flight, and it gets
more complicated during the regular ops, but it's not insignificant. And so if
we maintain a dual fleet, we'll just need to make sure we can get the revenue
out of the aircraft.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Darryl
Genovesi with Vertical Research.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH
PARTNERS, LLC: Andrew, as a follow-up to Savi's, the 2019 RASM outperformance
of the industry really just reversed the underperformance that you saw in 2018
despite the synergies and commercial initiatives. So just wanted to ask you,
when you say you will be similarly -- you think you'll be similarly successful
you think that you have enough in the toolbox to actually outperform domestic
industry RASM in 2020, particularly starting in the second quarter when the
prior year comps start to get more difficult?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Again, I'm only going to comment on
the first quarter. But I think what I would share is that we have some good
initiatives and some good momentum here to continue to grow our unit revenues
over the course of every quarter this year.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Okay. And then, Brandon, I
apologize in advance because the overall body of work speaks for itself. But
Shane, without completely front-running the Investor Day message, what do you
think Brandon might have done a little differently over the last 10 years.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Brandon was a -- particular stickler for
not allowing us to enjoy box lunches, but expected us to work at the same time,
but I'll probably adopt that. It was a good message of frugality.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Okay. And then Brandon, now that
Shane has completed the airing of grievances, in a harmless way as possible,
how sympathetic to his situation where you're feeling when you came up with
this 2% CASM ex guide.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Honestly, I'm really -- not to dodge
the question, I actually do love the discipline we have in the 2020 budget, and
I know everybody aligned around just really getting back to a place where we
reinforce that competitive advantage we have, that is the cost advantage. And I
don't know what you thought of the headline 2% number. We've got some
uncertainty with respect to capacity.

But I'll tell you that we are really focused on making sure
that this place rocks when it comes to cost performance.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Operator, we have time for one
more question here. Okay.

OPERATOR: And your last question comes from the line of Dan
McKenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Congrats, Brandon and Shane, nicely done, echoing
everybody else here of course. So I guess a couple of questions. Andrew or
Shane, I wondered if you can elaborate a bit more on how you plan to integrate
the MAXs into the fleet once they come. So specifically, once you get the green
light from Boeing, how much time are you building in for filling the plane
before they go into service. So like a 1-month booking window, 2 months and I'm
just -- I guess, what my question is getting at is could the shorter booking
window weigh on system revenue. And are the new revenue initiatives that you
kind of outlined intended to offset some of those challenges.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Dan. We've got pilots that are
available to fly. I think at the end of the day, what I would say is, is that
we're going to start this thing off. We're just going to flight up and down the
West Coast. But we will have enough flexibility, given the number that we're
getting to be able to weave these into the schedule. Maybe first is spares and
then building the revenue production over a period, depending on the market, 60
to 90 days.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Andrew, I think it's true. We're going to
sell as if we plan to lift the capacity 1 way or the other. So we're not going
to shorten the booking window where we intend to deploy the MAXs.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Yes. I see. Okay, very good. And then
the reference on the premium revenue in the prepared remarks. What is the
planned growth in premium seats this year? And where are you at in the premium
seating reconfiguration of the Virgin fleet?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So we're -- the growth is going to slow
significantly. We've got about 20 units to convert of which the front cabin
goes from 8 seats to 12 seats. But at the end of the day, we're now really down
the opportunity is. Now we've got all the premium costs out there, all the 175s
out there and all the conversions, that's really the upsell and growing that
nicely.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And I think that if my understanding is
correct. I think Dan McKenzie was our last question for the quarter.

Thanks, everybody, for tuning in. Thanks for being a part of
this, and we look forward to talking with you after the first quarter earnings,
and we -- as Ben said, I hope many of you can join our shareholder call where
we talk more about the owner's manual. Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at alaskaair.com. You may
now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012820a12993002.702










 EXECUTIVES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (89%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (89%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE
(78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%);
MERGERS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (66%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC (69%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (66%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (66%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (66%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (65%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ)
(84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (66%); DBK (FRA) (66%); DBK (BIT) (66%); DBETN
(JSE) (66%); DB (NYSE) (66%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS,
DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (84%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING &
SECURITIES DEALING (84%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (84%); SIC6289
SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (84%);
SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6029
COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%);
NAICS523991 TRUST, FIDUCIARY & CUSTODY ACTIVITIES (66%); SIC6081 BRANCHES
& AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (66%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
INVESTMENT BANKING (91%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%);
INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%);
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); PASSENGER & CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%); REAL ESTATE
(78%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (76%); CAPITAL
EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 ALASKA, USA (97%); UNITED STATES (79%)










 February 7, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
24, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 10041 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

. - Executive VP & Chief
Commercial Officer of Alaska Airlines Inc.

* Benito Minicucci

. - President & COO of Alaska
Airlines Inc and CEO of Virgin America Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO, Executive VP of Finance
& Treasurer

* Christopher Michael Berry

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Emily Halverson

* Nathaniel Pieper

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Fleet, Finance and Alliances

* Shane R. Tackett

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Executive VP of Planning &
Strategy of Alaska Airlines, Inc.

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline and
Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good afternoon, my name is Thea, and I will be
your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group's Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call.
Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at
alaskaair.com. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over
to Alaska Air Group's Director, Investor Relations, Emily Halverson.

EMILY HALVERSON: Thanks, Thea. Good afternoon, and thank you
for joining us for our third quarter 2019 earnings call. I've started to get to
know many of you, but for those who I haven't yet met, I have been with Alaska
for 4 years in the accounting world, and I'm looking forward to working with
each of you in my new role. In today's prepared remarks, you'll hear updates
from our leaders Brad Tilden, Andrew Harrison, Brandon Pedersen and Ben
Minicucci.

Several other members of our management team are also on
hand to answer your questions during the Q&A portion of the call.

This afternoon, Alaska Air Group reported third quarter GAAP
net income of $322 million. Excluding merger-related costs and mark-to-market
fuel hedging adjustments, Air Group reported adjusted net income of $326
million and adjusted earnings per share of $2.63, ahead of first call
consensus.

These results compare to adjusted net income of $237 million
and adjusted earnings per share of $1.91 in the third quarter of 2018. Our
third quarter adjusted pretax margin expanded 360 basis points to 17.6%.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements on our expected future performance, which may differ
materially from actual results.

Information on risk factors that could affect our business
can be found in our SEC filings. On today's call, we will refer to certain
non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted earnings and unit costs,
excluding fuel. And as usual, we've provided a reconciliation between the most
directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release filed
today. And now I'll turn the call over to Brad for his opening remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks very much, Emily, and good afternoon, everybody. Before I
get into this quarter's results, I want to take just a moment to acknowledge
the recent incident at one of our code share partners in the State of Alaska,
PenAir. One of their SAAB 2000 aircraft overran the runway in Dutch Harbor 1
week ago today, and this tragically resulted in 1 passenger fatality and 1
guest being in critical condition for 1 day. Our thoughts and prayers go out to
the guests who were onboard, to their families and loved ones and to our
partners at PenAir. This is a somber reminder to me and to the rest of our
leadership team of the grave responsibility that we shoulder and of the
continued need for us to underscore the importance of safety with our people
and our partners at every opportunity, and to back up this understanding with
our actions every day.

Now moving to our third quarter results, I want to
congratulate the fantastic folks at Alaska, Horizon and McGee for delivering
the industry's best customer service and operational performance, which
together drove our strong results.

Our revenue was up 8% for the quarter on 3.4% more capacity.
And Horizon had a terrific quarter, as they grew capacity by 24%, while
reducing non-fuel costs by 1.5 points. As they absorbed all 30 of their new
E175 aircraft that have been delivered over the past 3 years.

The team at Horizon led by Gary Beck has increased
productivity for the 5th quarter in a row and has met our goal for guest
satisfaction in all but 1 month this year. Additionally, our commercial team
has been working very hard, and they've produced industry-leading unit revenue
growth of 4.5% on solid demand, as evidenced by our highest quarterly load
factor in the last 5 years.

It is fantastic work like this that expanded our pretax
margin by 360 basis points to 17.6%, our best result in 2 years. If we look at
our results on an absolute basis, our adjusted net income for the last 12
months was $709 million, and that's up nearly 30% from the prior 12 months. We
converted that net income to $1.6 billion of operating cash flow. And with our
effort in the last couple of years to adjust capital spending, our free cash
flow was very strong at $695 million. In other words, we're converting 98% of
our net income to free cash flow.

Our company is producing good earnings and converting those
earnings into solid free cash flow. We view free cash flow conversions as one
of the critical measures of how we drive value for our shareholders. While it
won't be the case in the next couple of years, in the last 2 years, we've been
using our free cash flow to pay down acquisition debt and also to return cash
to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases.

On debt reduction, by year-end, we will have repaid $1.5
billion or 75% of the $2 billion we borrowed to buy Virgin America. And at 42%,
we are quickly approaching our long-term, adjusted debt-to-cap goal of 40%.
Strengthening our fortress balance sheet positions us to be flexible and
opportunistic and to make the best strategic and capital allocation decisions in
the future.

We carried a record number of guests this past summer. Our
team's full focus has returned to running a great airline and it is showing.
I'd like to share 2 recent achievements: first, our people were once again
recognized as the best U.S. Airline by Condé Nast Traveler in its annual
Reader's Choice Awards. This is the second year in a row that we won this
award, and we're continuing an 11-year run that Virgin America had before us.
We can't thank our employees enough for their skill and dedication in serving
our guests; and second, 3 important labor deals, which represent over 6,000 of
our people were ratified this quarter. We're proud to get these deals done for
our folks, and Ben will tell you more about them in just a moment.

If you've done the math on our recent guidance, you've
likely estimated that our 2019 margins will be somewhere around 11% to 12%, up
from just below 9% last year. We're encouraged by our progress, but we do not
believe we're at the destination. On the subject of ROIC, we expect to end 2019
in the range of 12% to 13%, which is up significantly from 9.4% last year. As
we look beyond 2019, we're developing plans that will put us into our stated
pretax margin range of 13% to 15% over the business cycle.

Andrew and Brandon will now share more detail about the
quarter, and then Ben will round it out with some discussion on our 5-year
strategic plan. The plan addresses our product and loyalty strategy, our
revenue initiatives, our cost structure, our network structure, a vision for
our fleet and more. We're challenging ourselves to create specific blueprints
so that we can deliver in critical areas and thereby, honor our commitments to
all of the people who are depending on us. We're excited about the plan, and we
look forward to sharing components of it with you in the quarters ahead. And
with that, I'll turn this over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, EXECUTIVE VP & CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good
afternoon, everyone. My comments this afternoon will focus on third quarter
revenue performance, progress on guest-facing initiatives and revenue guidance
for the fourth quarter. Our 4.5% improvement in unit revenues is 260 basis
points better than the industry and highlights the effectiveness of our revenue
initiatives and the work we are doing to harness merger synergies. Our third
quarter result was our best absolute RASM in the past 3 years, and as Brad
mentioned, our load factor was the highest we've seen in 5 years. Demand was
healthy across our network during the quarter. This was demonstrated by a 1
point improvement in load factor and 3.5 percentage point improvement in yield.

Hawaii, which has been experiencing elevated industry
capacity and soft-pricing performed well. Notwithstanding the fact that
industry capacity and our own capacity were both up nearly 7%, we still
produced a modest unit revenue increase.

We've continued the strong momentum that we started in Q2 in
our transcon markets out of California and New York. Earlier this year, these
regions were under a lot of yield pressure. Teams across the organization came
together to diagnose the problems, develop a plan and execute the plan. Through
cross fleeting, the addition of satellite Wi-Fi, dialing in the schedule and
fare structure and a committed focus to improving the guest experience, we
achieved meaningful RASM and margin improvements. Our value proposition hinges
on offering low fares, while providing award-winning service, generous rewards
and premium product, and our people are delivering on this.

Our revenue improvement is a direct result of our
initiatives and synergies. At Investor Day, we shared a roadmap with you that
laid out our intention to deliver $330 million in incremental 2019 revenues.
Unlike in the first and second quarter, our initiatives delivered their full
annual run rate this quarter. Three quarters into the year, we are confident
that we'll deliver on the $330 million. I'm going to share more on go-forward
initiatives and strategies in a moment.

We also continue to see double-digit percentage growth in
our loyalty revenues, which, as a reminder, comprise award redemptions and
credit card commissions. A large driver of this result was the 8% increase in
redemption revenue on our metal, evidence of our generous availability for
award travel.

We continue to see growth in both Mileage Plan members and
credit cardholders and are particularly encouraged to see that nearly 1/3 of
our year-to-date growth in credit cardholders are guests living in California.
Nearly half of all of our guests are members of our loyalty program, which has
consistently been recognized as the best in the industry.

Another bright spot was the improvement in the sales of our
premium cabin products. First Class revenue was up 16% on 10.5% more seats,
Premium Class revenue was up 13% on 12% more seats. Our network has shifted
over the years to where nearly 50% of our capacity is at trip length of 5 hours
or longer. This drives strong demand for our premium products, and we are very
pleased with these results. As we build out our Airbus interiors to add more
premium seating, we expect premium revenue growth will continue to outpace
system-wide revenue increases.

Besides premium seating, we've made significant investments
over the past few years in our product, while building out our hubs and focus
cities on the West Coast.

These improvements include satellite Wi-Fi, new interiors on
Airbus aircraft and investment in our lounges. This quarter, we expanded our
lounge capacity nearly 60% when we opened our 15,000 square foot lounge in
Sea-Tac's North terminal. Guest satisfaction scores at the new lounge are 15
points higher than the system average and day pass sales have doubled. We've
also seen record-breaking trends in lounge membership growth. In the first
month after opening, new member enrollments were quadrupled our program
average.

We're applying our learning from the North Satellite lounge
to our new San Francisco lounge set to open in early 2020. Now as you know, our
lounge members are mostly elite and high-frequency travelers, so these
facilities are very important to us.

Before I move to guidance, I'd like to highlight that we
made network adjustments that we announced during the third quarter, which are
aimed at creating more desirable connections for our guests between our hubs
and focus cities in California and our focus cities in the Northwest. These
include flights from California to Spokane, Redmond, Missoula, Boise and
Anchorage. As we grow capacity at a lower rate than we have historically, our
focus is on careful reallocation of capacity given the seasonality in our
network as well as growing market share in our strategically important markets
on the West Coast. Initial signs are encouraging, as we are already seeing
positive results in demand and margin generation from these types of changes.

Looking to Q4, our capacity will grow modestly at
approximately 4%. Our Q4 RASM guidance range is up 1% to 4% on much harder
comps from Q4 of 2018. This guidance reflects our optimism in our revenue
initiatives as well as the continuation of demand and pricing trends we are
currently seeing.

Many of you ask regularly about how we are doing on revenue
synergies, which we laid out at our Investor Day in November of 2018. As we shared
with you at that time, our total expected merger synergies were $300 million,
$240 million of which are revenue synergies. We realized $65 million of these
through 2018, and as mentioned earlier, we're on pace to realize the full $130
million that we expected this year. All of our cost synergies have effectively
been realized to date, leaving $105 million of revenue synergies that we still
need to achieve. Approximately $60 million of this is slated for 2020 and $45
million in 2021. So we'd like to sort of tie off these historical synergies and
commitments and establish for the record that our remaining commitments heading
into 2020 is for $60 million in revenue synergies and the annualization of our
2019 revenue initiatives, which will be approximately $65 million.

So in total, that's $125 million in 2020 or about 1.5 points
of RASM. We will be adding our 2020 revenue initiatives to this commitment and
we'll share with the -- share these with you on our call in January. Continued
delivery of revenue growth is my team's top priority, and we're optimistic
about what we can bring in 2020. And with that, I'll turn the call over to
Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO, EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE &
TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew, and good afternoon,
everybody. We're pleased to report a 38% improvement in both adjusted net
income and earnings per share as well as a third consecutive quarter of margin
improvement. As others have highlighted, our 17.6% pretax margin reflects a 360
basis point expansion year-over-year and was a direct result of the initiatives
we laid out at Investor Day last year.

With our Q3 results and our Q4 guidance issued today, we're
on pace to have a full year pretax margin of between 11% and 12%, which would
be up 200 to 300 basis points from last year and meaningful progress on our
path to 13% to 15% margins.

Since Andrew touched on the revenues, I'll focus on the cost
performance for Q3 and the outlook for the remainder of the year. Our unit
costs increased 3.4% on a similar increase in capacity, and the result was
about 150 basis points better than our initial guidance in July. It bears
mentioning that the quarter included $24 million in signing bonuses associated
with the ratification of new deals with Alaska's AMFA and IAM represented
employees. Without the signing bonus, our CASM would have been up less than 2%.
We saw excellent cost performance for most of our operating divisions, although
some costs did shift out to Q4 and even a little bit into Q1 of next year;
pilot cross training is an example.

We've talked many times about our duel-pronged strategy to
manage costs, those being high productivity and low overhead. Productivity was
strong during the quarter. Aggregate Air Group productivity, which we measure
using guests per FTE, came in better-than-planned and improved nearly 2 points
from prior year. Year-to-date productivity for our airports team and our guest
contact team deserves special mention as both have exceeded productivity
targets for both planned and prior year -- and over prior year. On the overhead
side, there's another good story here too. Overhead is tracking nearly 3% or
$16 million under prior year for the first 9 months of 2019.

Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect CASMex to be
up slightly on just less than 4% increase in capacity. This would be the best
quarterly unit cost performance since the fourth quarter of 2016. We're
benefiting from higher growth, offset by some of the timing shifts we've been
talking about over the last couple of quarters and higher wage rates following
ratification of the new contracts. The modest increase in Q4 costs will bring
the full year result to 2.2% CASMex growth on a 2% -- excuse me, 2.1% capacity
growth. Normally, we would celebrate unit cost declines, not increases. But
given the step change increase in labor costs we've had this year and the very
low growth relative to our recent history, we're pleased with the result and it
demonstrates what we can achieve with a back-to-basics approach to cost
execution with a sharp focus on productivity and operating our business with a
low overhead mindset.

As you've heard, our teams are working diligently on our
2020 plan, including our cost plan. We recognize that low costs widen the
competitive moat we have versus higher cost legacy carriers and are critical
for us to eventually return to the higher-growth levels that we've historically
enjoyed. While we don't plan to share guidance with you today, I can share some
higher-level context for the cost challenges and opportunities we face in 2020.

First notable headwinds include: first, a higher number of
scheduled engine and airframe events in 2020; second, we'll begin to see the
cost impact of Airbus lease returns. Although, we only have 1 return scheduled
for 2020, we have 9 returns scheduled for 2021, and we begin accruing for these
leases return costs 12 months in advance; and third, increased airport costs.
Offsetting those headwinds, however, we see the following opportunities: first,
higher ASM growth over which to spread our fixed costs. We'll grow between 3%
to 4% next year, with that growth nearly all coming from lower unit cost
mainline growth as Horizon has now taken all of their E175 deliveries; second,
further productivity gains; third, continued simplification of our overhead
structure, including changes that will allow us to be more agile and more quick
with our decision-making; and fourth, annualization of many of the benefits of
our supplier cost-reduction initiatives, which generated more than $35 million
in savings in 2019. Our planning mindset is one of aggressive cost management
and progress toward our 13% to 15% pretax margin goal, and I look forward to
sharing more detail with you on our year-end call in January.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.6
billion in cash and marketable securities. Total cash flow from operations for
the first 9 months of the year was nearly $1.5 billion, excluding
merger-related costs and the pension contribution, while net CapEx was $525
million. This resulted in approximately $950 million of free cash flow, which
marked a nearly $460 million improvement upon last year's results. At full year
consensus, free cash flow yield is almost 11%. Free cash flow conversion over
the first 9 months of the year was exceptional, but we're benefiting from a
very low cash taxes combined with a low CapEx year.

Our number one capital allocation priority for the year has
been deleveraging our balance sheet. As Brad said, we closed the quarter with a
debt-to-cap ratio of 42% and a trailing 12-month net-debt-to-EBITDAR ratio of
1. By year-end, debt-to-cap will be at 41%, and as you've already heard, we'll
have paid off 75% of the merger-related debt. Our treasury team has done a
phenomenal job this year, not only working to redeleverage the balance sheet
but has also taken advantage of the historically low interest rates to
refinance and/or restructure our debt-to-low fixed rates. At the end of the
third quarter, our weighted average interest rate is at 3.2%, with over 75% of
our portfolio now fixed at historically low interest rates.

Rounding out our fortress balance sheet, our 104
unencumbered mainline and E175 aircraft and $400 million of undrawn lines of
credit. Our strong performance this year has also allowed us to make some
positive changes to our capital allocation plan for the year: first, we elected
to make a voluntary pension contribution of $65 million to our defined benefit
pension plans, which are about 80% funded in the aggregate; and second, we
increased our planned full year share repurchase from $50 million to $75
million given our strong cash flow.

During the quarter, we bought back $28 million of our
shares, including $10 million over a 2-day period at a volume weighted average
price of around $58 per share. With the dividend, which we have increased 6x
since we initiated it in 2013, we expect to return $248 million to our
shareholders this year or more than 25% of our free cash flow.

Coming back to our 5-year plan, our fortress balance sheet
positions us to substantially increase returns to our owners and/or place an
aircraft order that would fund growth and allow us to retire smaller less
efficient aircraft, which should improve -- which would improve both our
ability to generate additional revenue and lower unit costs. As we finish up
our long-term fleet study, we're also developing an order strategy that allows
us to best leverage our market position and structure delivery timing that
preserves our ability to generate free cash flow. And now I'll turn the call
over to Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC
AND CEO OF VIRGIN AMERICA INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brandon, and
good afternoon, everyone. As the financial results highlight, it has been a
productive summer here at Alaska. With a bulk of the work of the integration
largely behind us, we are focused on realizing synergies and initiatives and
improving our cost profile. A large part of that is providing visibility into
our future labor cost. As Brad mentioned, there were 3 new labor deals ratified
during the quarter, one with our aircraft technicians, another with customer
service agents and reservation agents and clerical workers and the third with
our ramp, cargo and stores agents. We're thrilled to have these labor agreements
in place to recognize who we believe to be the best employees in the industry,
while also securing long-term contracts that provide line of sight for the
company over the next several years. In the case of our aircraft technicians,
we have now begun cross training on both fleet types, which we expect to be
completed by the first quarter of 2020, further enhancing productivity and
operational reliability.

In addition to our industry-leading financial results, our
front-line teams are delivering outstanding operational reliability and
award-winning service to our guests. As you know, we track these metrics
religiously internally. But just as importantly, it is validated by external
sources too. To add to the recent recognition by Condé Nast as the best U.S.
airline, Alaska was also just recognized as "America's Best Customer
Service" in airlines by Newsweek, "Best Airline Rewards Program"
by U.S. News & World Report, the top-rated airline in the Dow Jones
Sustainability Index and ranked by Forbes magazine as one of the Top 100 Best
Companies to work for in the world. These awards are significant, not only
because we love to see our people recognized but because they highlight that
staying focused on our core competitive advantages resonates with guests and really
does make a difference to the bottom line, even while executing a complex
merger.

We are creating a future that continues to build on these
core principles which drive preference for our product and operational
reliability. They include: low fares and low costs, best-in-class customer
service, the industry's most generous mileage plan, a fuel-efficient fleet, a
well-loved brand and a fortress balance sheet.

As we've navigated the integration over the past 3 years,
we've admittedly put certain longer-term strategic planning efforts on pause.
We believe it was the right thing to do to ensure we completed the integration
on an aggressive time line that exceeded expectations and allowed for a
singular focus on returning to the well-oiled machine that Alaska is known to
be. This past summer, our senior leadership team has been focused on building
out our 5-year strategic plan that addresses where we want to take our network,
our fleet, brand, loyalty program and financial performance. While we aren't
yet ready to share the specifics, I'm pleased with how the plan is taking
shape. There's still work to do as we refine the strategy that has helped to
shape our past success, while we develop new strategies to build an even
stronger Alaska for the future, centered around sustainable growth, our people
and a strong business model.

We have a lot of work left to do, but the improvements we've
seen this year and the momentum we are building with our network, our product,
our people and our financial results, give us a ton of confidence in the future
success of our company. And with that, we'll open up the line for your
questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And the first question
will come from Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe one for Andrew first. So you called out
the $125 million in Alaska-specific revenue initiatives you've got next year.
Does that include any future initiatives? I'm pretty sure it says annualization
of this year and then continuation of some of the merger revenue synergies. I
think you guys have a new RMA assistant coming online next year, should that
drive any initial -- any incremental benefit or is that already contemplated in
the number?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, that's right, Catie. What I said
was the carryover synergies and initiatives from 2019, is going to be about 1.5
points of unit revenue. In January, on our call, we will share with you the
incremental revenues we expect from our initiatives for 2020. So we'll do that
in 3 months' time.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Good. And then maybe 2 quick ones
on costs. So great cost performance again in the third quarter. Guessing that
we should assume that since you maintained the full year cost outlook, was that
mostly timing or something else going on there? And then maybe just on the
lease returns section here, are there any maintenance reserves that you're
going to put those against on the cash side?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Catie, it's Brandon, maybe I'll take
those. On the cost, yes, thanks. We were really pleased with our third quarter
cost performance as well. You're right, we maintained the full year cost flow
or the cost number at the same level. So we did see some of those costs that
we've been talking about shifting out of Q2 in Q3 into Q4. That explains the
vast majority of it. ASM's are down slightly. Yes, that's basically it. On the
-- what was the second question?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Maintenance reserves.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Oh, maintenance reserves, yes. That's a
really complicated area. Of course, there will be offsets associated with how
we treat the maintenance reserves as we settle all these lease returns
obligations up. But that's factored into -- we'll factor that into the
guidance.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Duane Pfennigwerth with
Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you just remind us maybe what
the gating factors are on getting more aggressive on the buyback? If it's to
completely repay all of the debt you borrowed or to hit that leverage target,
which you seem quite close to now?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Duane, it's Brandon. I tried to cover
it a little bit in the prepared remarks. We are awfully close to our leverage
target, we're at -- going to end the year at 41%. Our goal was 40%. That wasn't
an exact goal. I think we're going to cross into the sub-40% territory early to
sort of mid-ish next year. I don't think we've necessarily decided if we're
going to "pay off all of the Virgin America debt" although we simply
could. The point really that we're trying to convey is that our balance sheet
is rock solid and it gives us some optionality, whether it's increased returns
to shareholders and/or position us to do something with the fleet that doesn't
impact the balance sheet too negatively.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then sorry, I think you
covered it as well but it's been a long day already admittedly so I apologize.
Just on the headwinds and tailwinds for costs and where those net out? I don't
know if you're in a position to give guidance yet on '20 CASM.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes. Me again. No, we're not. I mean
we're going through the planning process now and what I can say is that we've
got a lot of cost momentum going into 2020, but our people are working their
budgets really hard right now.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Duane, I might jump onto the sort of
capital allocation question. I think everybody knows here, we -- strategically
we felt like the industry is changing, we needed to get bigger, we bought
Virgin America, borrowed $2 billion. In the last 2.5 years have paid $1.5
billion of that off. The one thing we know is that in 2020 and 2021, we won't
-- we might pay down a little bit more debt, but I think mentally, we're sort
of crossing a threshold here that we're done dealing with the Virgin America
debt, and we're going to be looking forward, looking at new capital allocation
opportunities for the company.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Savi Syth with Raymond
James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, you talked a little bit
about some of the network changes that you've made kind of focusing on some of
the shorter-haul business markets, but I was looking and it seems like it is
shorter haul and you're kind of moving away from the transcon. Could you talk
about what you're seeing on the transcon and why transcon might be funding some
of the shorter-haul growth?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Savi, I'm not quite sure on the
transcon. We've actually increased out flying, especially out of Pacific
Northwest with the seasonality. Really, if you look at the network moves,
you're seeing that a number of what I'd call mid-continent flights out of
California that quite frankly, are very seasonally poor in the fourth quarter
and certainly, the first quarter. And so what we've been doing with aircraft is
it instead of doing that, we've been flying those aircraft up into our core
Pacific Northwest and connecting directly with some of our larger focus cities.
And then we've also increased our capacity out of the Pacific Northwest during
the winter quarters to take advantage of the seasonality there. Overall, as
I've mentioned in the notes, our transcon network from California has
significantly improved, and it's doing good things. And so we continue to
commit to that. But those are most of the changes. There are just really some
of these short hauls going up the Pacific Northwest instead of mid-continent.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Got it. I misunderstood that. And
then you just -- you mentioned Hawaii was -- did well in the third quarter. I
know there were some easy comps. Just as you kind of look forward, any thoughts
there since that was kind of one of the bigger areas? And just -- a follow on
to that, last time we talked about Alaska as well and is that -- I think that
was supposed to be just like a summer -- a seasonal pressure, but I just want
to clarify that, that was still the case.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Right. Yes. On the Hawaii, you're right,
there was some bad weather and volcanoes and all sorts of other things that
were happening last year. But I think what we're seeing is still very solid
demand, great load factors. And as I've mentioned in my prepared remarks, we --
our airplanes are really configured well, especially for Hawaii. With that
Premium Class cabin, the First Class cabin, which has great demand on a Hawaii
flights and just the service we provide. We're really made for these
longer-haul flight. And so we feel really good about that. Of course, with
Hawaii, if there's more capacity comes in, that puts yields on the pressure,
but we feel very well prepared for that. On the Alaska story, you're right. In
the summer, we have a lot of people who like to fly to Alaska. Some folks are
flying wide bodies, longer distances. But we cater to very much demand on the
West Coast and we do a good job connecting it. So I don't see that to be a huge
issue as we move into 2020.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Starting on a
housekeeping item. The fuel efficiency that's implied by the fourth quarter
guide shows more deterioration year-on-year than what we've seen earlier in the
year, also the sequential decline is a bit more than customary. I've recognized
there's probably some wiggle room in there around completion factor. But is
that just the modest shift to shorter stage lengths? Because that's been going
on for a while. So I'm just -- I'm surprised that it's more pronounced in the
fourth quarter.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Jamie, it's Brandon. Are you looking at
ASMs per gallon or what's your metric that you're looking at?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Yes, sir. At ASMs per gallon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes. The only thing I can -- I don't
have that at my fingertips. But the only thing I'm guessing is that on a
year-over-year basis, it reflects the increase in regional flying as a
percentage, given the fact that Horizon took so many E175s late last year and
then into this year. And I'm guessing that's probably the contributing factor.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. Cool. And second, and this sort
of follows on Duane's line of questioning. You talked about some of the
headwinds and tailwinds, puts and takes on actual CASM for next year. I had
forgotten about lease return accruals, for example, so thank you for that. But
I'm wondering if you could expand that narrative from costs to pretax margin.
Synergies are obviously going to be a tailwind, you've talked about that, but
how are you thinking about the other dynamics as it relates to pretax margin
next year? Fuel the industry impact of the MAX coming back, more Southwest
service to Hawaii. What are the 3 or 4 items in the tailwind and the headwind
buckets?

SHANE R. TACKETT, EXECUTIVE VP OF PLANNING & STRATEGY OF
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Jamie, it's Shane, good
afternoon. That is an excellent question. I don't think I'm going to sort of
delve into anything that gets close to guidance. But as we -- I'll just remind
you that we laid out a roadmap to get to 13% to 15% 18 months ago at Investor
Day. I think as Andrew noted, we've got a bunch of commitment to you all that
we need to deliver on, on the revenue side to sort of complete what we had
talked about their, and we intend to do that next year. And we intend to add to
that amount ultimately. And that's what Andrew alluded to in the script in terms
of new initiatives that we'd like to talk to you guys about in the first
quarter. On the cost side, I think at Investor Day, Brandon mentioned or I did,
we always face 4% to 5% sort of just core cost pressure internally within
company. We're growing 3% to 4%. So we're trying to find ways to continue to
manage ourselves to a number that's more in line with our historical norm of
flattish on the cost side. But our goal would be to see margins ultimately
continue to expand. But we haven't done all that planning yet. And to your
point, the industry dynamic is changing, so we obviously will be talking to you
all more in the coming months about next year.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Helane Becker with
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So here's my one question. You were
supposed to have some MAX this year. I think you're thinking all 10 of them are
going to come next year. And I know they're not in the schedule, et cetera. But
are you -- given those issues, are you thinking about the Airbus aircraft on a
more serious basis? I mean obviously, you're not because you're doing lease
returns. But are you thinking about more Airbus aircraft and less Boeing
aircraft, or are you still kind of focused on those 73s?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Helane, it's Brandon. I want to
reintroduce to you and introduce to the rest of the folks on the call, Nat
Pieper. Nat's our Senior Vice President of Fleet, Finance and Alliances. That
sounds like a perfect opportunity for him to share his views on that.

NATHANIEL PIEPER, SVP OF FLEET, FINANCE AND ALLIANCES,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: It's a mouthful title. Sure, Helane. Just a quick
reminder, we, of course, have Airbus aircraft as well. 319s, 320s and A321neos.
It's all really part of the fleet initiative that we've been working for some
time. It's a core component of our 3- to 5-year strategy and a 13% to 15%
margin targets. We're looking at near-term opportunities to retire inefficient
aircraft as well as longer term looking for the best aircraft for our future
network. We're confident in the margin accretion possibilities, there's going
to be upgauge involved, new aircraft obviously feature a step-function
improvement in airframe and engine technology. So we're working closely,
talking to manufacturers and really hoping to bring something out here in the
next handful of months. We're going to order, in a financially prudent way,
obviously, and manage our CapEx and cash flow. And end up with an airplane that
we know our guests and our Alaska teammates are going to really want to fly.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. I just had one follow-up question. I
don't remember who talked about airport costs, but I've heard other of your
peer group complain about airport cost too. When they -- and actually, Spirit
this morning, they commented that airport costs should be a pass-through. So
wouldn't you -- as you think about those airport costs, would you think about
raising fares in those markets so that you recover some of that cost?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: I might jump in, Helane. The first thing,
I just -- one of the fun things about these jobs is you get to see your own
people move up and sort of move around. You see new people come into the
organization. Nat is a tremendous addition to the team. I've known Nat for, I
don't know how long, Nat, 15 or 20 years now, and it's just delightful to have
you here. I think you're making an excellent point on airport costs. Other
airlines may have different perspectives but the truth is, not only airports
but a whole lot of our infrastructure needs a lot of investment and Sea-Tac
airport, as an example, our home, it needs a lot of investment. And we have to
-- we want them to invest efficiently. We want them to build the right
projects, but we've got to be their partner on that. We've got -- the
investment need to be made. And I think there are investments that any of us
would make if it was our home or our car or whatever. So yes. And of course, we
do want to find a way to recover those investments through modest increases in
fares that help us, sort of, keep the whole value proposition together. But I
don't think Sea-Tac is that unique. I sort of think airports all across the
country need investment and that's sort of the season we're entering. We've
been in it to some extent, but I think the next 10, 15 years, we're going to be
seeing this in a lot of airports.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Hunter Keay with Wolfe
Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So you talked a lot about the 8%
growth in redemption. Shane, can you talk to me about your current assumptions
on breakage, which I think are around 17%, that seems high. How do you feel
about that number right now in sort of the modern loyalty era? And all else
equal, forget the P&L for a second, would you rather see that 17% breakage
go down or go up?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Well, this is Chris.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Chris, I already know your answer. I --
yes.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: So the -- and I'll let Shane
answer it too. But the 17%, yes, we do actually look at that on a semiannual
basis really, to say is that still falling in line with our expectations. And
the reality is we would change it if it were materially different from that. In
terms of whether we would want that higher or lower, I can tell you my answer
from an accounting standpoint but it's not probably the answer from a business
standpoint so I'll let Shane, if he wants to take that, Shane or Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I'll just take that. I think -- Hunter I
get the accounting side and all the rest of it. But I think at the end of the
day, we want breakage to go down. If breakage goes down that means people are
using our program. And we saw a lot of volume come through this quarter. So we
want to grow it and make it stronger and healthier. So that's just my take on
it because I think if breakage goes down strength and loyalty go up.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Right. So if that were to change, you'd
prefer to actually force that down, whether it's a change to policy of miles or
how people use them, giving them more opportunities to use them, things like
that. And in that case, you would probably have to lower your breakage
assumption. But obviously, for a net long-term benefit, is that fair?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. Fine. And then Brandon, can you
elaborate on this aircraft order strategy? What's going on with that? What do
you mean by that? Is that like smoothing of CapEx? Is that fleet types? Like,
what are you talking about?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: It's all of the above. It's just doing
it in a way that make sense, both for the needs of the fleet long term, not
just today and in a way that preserves our ability to generate free cash flow
and do this in a way that allows us to do other things from a capital
allocation standpoint too.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Michael Linenberg
with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess 2 here, and I guess for
Andrew. What's going on with the American relationship? It does look like maybe
there's a potential, I don't know, if there's a phase out as we look into 2020
or maybe the code share goes away. Can you just -- can you update us on that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, sure, Mike. The reality is that
after the acquisition of Virgin America, that's when the fundamentals of our
relationship with American actually changed. The Department of Justice said we
couldn't do certain things around code and everything else. And just given the
size and overlap at the time, there was a lot of adjustments made a couple of
years ago. And most of that -- all of that economics is throughout system today.
So really what you saw is, we still have a partnership with American. It's
still a good partner. We have -- we're working together on our mutual
interests. We still have a large program with them. We're still connecting
guests through their Chicago hub and they're connecting folks here. But we've
really shrunk it and the footprint is smaller. I think at the highest level,
which is I think a testament to Alaska Airlines. A couple of years ago, 15% of
all of our traffic was code and interline, basically, dependent. Today, it's
only 7%. And I think that's just a testament to the -- our ability to have
grown the cover of most of the destinations where folks go and then of course,
use partners where we can mutually benefit and work together.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. And I just -- I want to make
sure that you said that you're still going to continue to connect through
Chicago. Is that interline or is codeshare? Because like, if I look at
schedules today, I still see the Alaska code on, say, Denver LA or Austin LA
where it's the American metal. Does that code go away? Is that going away this
spring? Or is that -- am I...

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Going forward, when it all winds
down, essentially from the Pacific Northwest, you can connect through to
Chicago to about 20 destinations. And then on American, you can connect through
our hubs to about 20 destinations. So the code share will really basically be
very, very small.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Okay. Great. And then just one
other question. When I think about competitive capacity in your markets as we
look into not just this quarter and also March quarter 2020 because there has
been -- you alluded to this on the the call earlier, there has been a lot of
network adjustment, and in many cases, to fund, as you mentioned, the growth
into the Pacific Northwest from say LA and San Fran, in some cases, you pulled
down a whole bunch of capacity in some markets where they was a decent amount
of competition. So I'm curious about what that number looks like if you have
that at your fingertips for both the December quarter and March quarter 2020,
what that competitive capacity looks like?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Competitive capacity in the fourth
quarter is only up about 1.6%. The first quarter is higher than that, it's
showing about 4% right now. But of course, I think the first quarter's
scheduled is still in flux. And I'm not sure what's going to happen with
schedules with the MAX and everything like that. But I think to your point,
moving around some of this capacity has, in some ways, reduced some of the
overlap. But net-net, we're still putting the -- roughly the same amount of
seats in California at the end of the day, we're just pointing the airplanes to
different places.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Joseph DeNardi with
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brad, 2 questions for
you. I think for the last 2 years, you've been the only CEO in the industry
whose incentive compensation is driven in part by the airlines growth in credit
cards. Can you talk a little bit about what changed in terms of how you spend
your time, how you managed the business before that was a metric versus after?
And then what was the motivation of the Board in making that a metric for your
comp?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Joe, good question. It was -- honestly,
we went to the Board with that idea following our acquisition of Virgin
America. We just realized that -- we just really believed in the whole idea of
building, loyalty building preference, getting people into the club. And we've
seen the power of that in the rest of our network. And as we bought Virgin
America and moved into California, it was a -- I mean it was interesting you
talk about me, and that's certainly true, but what we really wanted was that in
the compensation base of 23,000 people and that's what happened. So I think it
was 10% credit card loyalty and 10% mile -- 5% and 5%?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. Okay.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: 10% and 10%.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: 10% and 10%, that's what I think also.
10% credit card and then 10% of mileage plan. We just wanted the fantastic army
of people at Alaska Air Group, really focused on growing -- customers' growing
loyalty. And so that is -- is that it? That's what it was all about. I think
the leadership team went to the Board and proposal it and the Board said
absolutely, it sounds like something that will drive long-term value.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: And yes, just as a -- it's Brandon.
Just as a reminder, we have a game sharing plan that is consistent across all
of our employees, not just the leadership but across the front line as well. So
it really gets down to alignment.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Got it. That's helpful. And then Brad,
I try to ask you this question every now and then, and I'll ask it again. Just
given your experience to date with the Virgin transaction and turning that deal
into value for shareholders, how successful do you think you've been? And kind
of in the context of your balance sheet, nearing a point where you'd be in a
position to do something? Does M&A look more or less appealing now than it
did before the Virgin deal?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. It's -- thanks for giving us the
chance to talk about this. We at the time -- if you go back to when we
considered this -- when we announced it, it was April of 2016. I think we felt
like we had an amazing economic engine, a great brand. We're really proud of
our culture and the way people take care of customers. We felt really positive
about the long-term prospects for the industry. But we did feel like the
industry conditions were such that we just needed more real estate, and we
wanted to have strength beyond Alaska, Seattle and Portland. So that was the
idea behind the Virgin merger. It -- as you guys know, you go through life, you
learn stuff. When you do stuff, you learn stuff. And it was a lot of work. But
I think everyone here is feeling optimistic. We're feeling good that we're
getting through it. And I think we really feel that we have materially enhanced
sort of the cash-producing sort of capability of this economic engine, we've
enhanced the career of security for our people in doing that. As you mentioned,
I'm extraordinarily proud that we borrowed $2 billion to do it. You guys know,
our people did it with no investment banks, with no -- nothing like that, they
just went to the banks and borrowed $2 billion on their own, and we're going to
pay 3/4 of it off in 3 months' time. So we're really proud of the team. As we
look at doing more. I just think -- my own view of the world is it's a
combination of organic growth and M&A. We've done amazing with organic
growth. I'll just tell you, different people around this table may feel
differently, but as I look at the next few years, I sort of see the biggest
opportunity us growing organically, pushing -- taking what we are proud of,
what we feel like we do well and pushing it organically into markets where
we're already strong.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Brandon Oglenski with
Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So Brandon, I want to come back to the
puts and takes on the cost discussion because I actually did hear the headwinds
but maybe could you elaborate again on where you see the tailwinds on cost
looking into 2020? And again, I'm not looking to get guidance from you.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: No, that's okay. On the tailwind side,
there's actually a number of those as well. First of all, we're going to be
able to grow a little more next year than we've grown this year, that will
help. We're going to continue to work productivity. You might remember that we
focused on 2 different things for cost control productivity and overhead
productivity is a huge lever going into next year. We have continued
simplification of our overhead structure, that's the other prong. And then our
team just did a great job on a lot of different initiatives that supply, our
cost-reduction campaign was one of them. And I think all of those initiatives
that we worked hard to get this year's cost down will continue to bear fruit as
we go into next year as well.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: And like -- it seems like the
Airbus restyling, how far along are you in the fleet there?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes. In terms of the number of
airplanes that we've reconfigured...

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Well have...

ANDREW R. HARRISON: 44 by the end of the year.

BENITO MINICUCCI: Yes. 40 -- so 60% of the fleet will be
reconfigured by the end of the year, Brandon. This is Ben. So we'll have -- we
have roughly 73 airplanes, we'll 42 to 44 done by the end of the year.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. So if anything, we would see
the benefits from that even more so in 2020. Is that correct?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Correct.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. And then I mean, maybe this
is just way too premature but you guys obviously are delivering pretty decent
results this year. I mean does that make you go back to the drawing board on
long-term growth? Because I think, Brand, in the past you said, if we can get
into that targeted margin range then we would think about expanding the network
at a faster pace. Is that still the framework?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Brandon, it's Brandon. No, we're very
comfortable with 4% to 6% growth. We used to talk about 4% to 8%. 8% is pretty
big on a company our size. Now so 4% to 6% is a pretty good clip. And if we can
grow 4% to 6% per year for over 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 years, that's a lot of
growth, and we want to make sure that we can do it in a prudent way, that keeps
our balance sheet intact, where we can achieve our margin goals, and all of
these fit together. But we're really optimistic about our ability to grow 4% to
6%. And we feel like that's the right growth rate for the time being.

OPERATOR: The final question is from Dan McKenzie with
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Just following up on that last question, it's
really sort of housecleaning. The 60% of the A320s that were -- are
reconfigured with the new seats, what percent of the flying does that equate
to?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Well, we have 53 A320s. And...

BENITO MINICUCCI: On a fleet of...

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: On a fleet of 235 mainline airplanes.
So.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: And a lot of the -- just -- a lot of the
benefit from those actually comes on the revenue side, just to be frank. We're
taking the First Class cabin from 8 to 12. And we're going to have -- adding
premium seats. And I think it's anywhere from 1 to 3 extra seats per aircraft.
So it's actually more of a revenue boost I think than a cost one.

BENITO MINICUCCI: And Dan the big thing is we're moving the
airplanes primarily north to south. We're doing a lot of east-west flying. Most
of the airplanes, as of January, will be north-south flying, which will be more
helpful putting the Boeings and the A321s transcon.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Yes. Understood. Okay. Going back to the
prepared remarks about realizing the $330 million in incremental revenues that
were targeted. What inning are we in with respect to Saver Fares? And I guess
how are you benchmarking to the industry at this point? And I guess I'm just
thinking the industry as a whole seems to be finding more upside in this
particular bucket. I'm just wondering what you guys can share.

SHANE R. TACKETT: Dan, it's Shane. I -- it's -- we got these
out really in full force in Q1 of this year. They've performed well. They've
performed above what we had committed to and talked about. And I don't think
we've shared updated, sort of, take rate numbers or economics, but they've
performed quite well. Our guess, just based on what we hear other people talk
about is we're on par if not maybe a little better on the buyout of Saver. And
that's really what we want. We want -- as few people want to be on that actual
ticket. We like the fact that people buy out more than we had originally sort
of estimated. In terms of the inning-- I think we've got a full quarter next
year to annualize. It was only, sort of, partially in Q1 of this year. And then
we've not really done anything to try to optimize it anymore. So there's the
potential that after we have used it for a year, we just get smarter about how
we're managing it. And it's sort of a tool in the toolkit. So there's probably
more value to be had. We're not quantifying that today. I don't know if we will
when we get here in January either. But it's still more upside from Saver for a
little while.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Understood. And then if I just could
just squeeze one last one in. Intra California early this year I think was a
headwind to revenue production or maybe it was partially last year that's
changed. I think you highlighted in the prepared remarks, it's doing well. And
I'm just wondering, is this in any that's gone from being a RASM drag to a RASM
tailwind at this point? Or how are you thinking about this piece of the network
puzzle?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Dan, I -- my prepared remarks were more
around transcon. And we don't like to get into the details of specific regions.
But what I will tell you is that this flying has also benefited from all the
initiatives that we've shared with you and rolled out. And so we are seeing
improved profitability across our network and including in intra California as
a result of our changes.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks, Dan. Thanks, everybody, for
tuning in. We'll talk with you again at the -- our full year report out in
January. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating
in today's conference call. This call will be available for future playback at
alaskaair.com. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102419a12766301.701










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING
COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); MERGERS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT
LEASING (73%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (72%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC (69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (67%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (67%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (66%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); GS (NYSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (67%); DBK (FRA) (67%); DBK (BIT) (67%); DBETN
(JSE) (67%); DB (NYSE) (67%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (84%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (84%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (84%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT TRUSTS (84%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%); SIC6211 SECURITY
BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(67%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%);
AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (75%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT
LEASING (73%)










 ALASKA, USA (97%); UNITED STATES (79%)










 November 1, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
25, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 10105 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

. - Executive VP & Chief
Commercial Officer of Alaska Airlines Inc.

* Benito Minicucci

. - President & COO of Alaska
Airlines Inc and CEO of Virgin America Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO, Executive VP of Finance
& Treasurer

* Christopher Michael Berry

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Kyle B. Levine

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer,
VP of Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

* Shane R. Tackett

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Executive VP of Planning &
Strategy of Alaska Airlines, Inc.

Conference Call Participants

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. Mckenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Matthew Aaron Wisniewski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Thea, and I will be
your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's
call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

. All lines have been placed on mute
to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a
question and answer session for analysts. If you wish to ask a question please
press *1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw you question
press the # key.

Thank you. I would like to turn the call over to Alaska Air
Group's Vice President of Finance and Controller, Chris Berry.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thank you, Thea. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank
you for joining us for our second quarter 2019 earnings call.

It's good to be back with you all. In today's prepared
remarks, you will hear updates from our leaders Brad Tilden; Ben Minicucci;
Andrew Harrison and Brandon Pedersen. Several other members of our management
team are also here to answer your questions during the Q&A portion of the
call.

This afternoon, Alaska Air Group reported second quarter
GAAP net income of $262 million, excluding merger-related costs, mark-to-market
fuel hedging adjustments, Air Group reported adjusted net income of $270
million and adjusted earnings per share of $2.17, ahead of the first Call
consensus.

These results compare to adjusted net income of $206 million
and adjusted earnings per share of $1.66 in the second quarter of 2018. Our
adjusted pretax margin expanded 300 basis points and our earnings per share grew
31%. We generated $735 million in free cash flow and we paid down an additional
$140 million of debt during the quarter, bringing our total debt payment up to
$1.2 billion of the $2 billion we borrowed for the Virgin America acquisition.

This quarter marked great progress toward our long-term goal
of 13% to 15% pretax margins.

And as a reminder, our comments today will include forward
looking statements on our expected future performance, which may differ
materially from actual results. Information on risk factors that could affect
our business can be found in our SEC filings. On today's call, we will refer to
certain non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit cost,
excluding fuel. And as usual, we have provided a reconciliation between the
most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's earnings
release.

And now I'll turn the call over to Brad for his opening
remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, very much, Chris, and good afternoon, everybody. We're now
2.5 years past our acquisition of Virgin America. The vast majority of the
integration work is now done and we're beginning to realize the benefits from
our significantly expanded network and the synergies for bringing the 2
airlines together. We've integrated our work groups, our reservation system and
our back office functions faster than any other major airline integration. And
with our relentless focus on low fares and low costs, best-in-class customer
service, the industry's most generous Mileage Plan, a fuel-efficient fleet, a
well-loved brand and a fortress balance sheet, we are well setup to move
towards our targeted annual growth and our targeted pretax margin of 13% to 15%
over the business cycle.

We made great progress executing our plan this quarter with
a 300 basis point improvement in our margin and we're implementing initiatives
that we shared with you at our Investor Day last November to drive further
margin expansion in the quarters and years ahead.

As you know, we as a leadership team, are fully committed to
producing the right margins and returns for our owners given the $8 billion of
capital that you've invested so that we can invest in our growth and provide
the right benefits for all of the people who depend on us.

Our long-time formula of focusing on high productivity, high
asset utilization and low overhead is working. I want to thank our operating
division leaders for their cost performance relative to plan so far this year.
In fact, given solid cost savings from plan, our team was able to maintain our
full year cost guidance, even after adding back the cost of new labor deals.

And on that topic, we were really proud to announce 2 new
labor deals this quarter. First, a 2-year extension with our aircraft
technicians, which allows all of our Alaska mechanics to work on all of our
mainline aircraft. And this is an agreement which has been both negotiated and
ratified. And second, a 5-year extension with the 5,200 employees represented
by the IAM, which is being voted upon as we speak.

We're pleased to come to these agreements with the finest
employees in the business and we're hopeful that the agreement with our IAM
represented folks ratifies in the coming weeks.

On the revenue side, I thought we also had a good results
this quarter. I want to thank our teams in revenue management, e-commerce and
marketing, who had the best improvement in unit revenue that we've seen in the
past 30 quarters.

We're currently in the middle of the busy summer travel
season and our people are running an excellent operation and taking great care
of our guests. Genuine and caring service is what makes Alaska different. And
we're all so proud of our 22,000 folks at Alaska and Horizon for earnings their
12th consecutive J.D. Power award. Along with other recognition we've received
from the American Customer Satisfaction Index, Condé Nast, Travel &
Leisure, Wallethub and many more. It's clear that our folks are doing a
terrific job.

The J.D. Power award is especially gratifying this year as
we passed the 800 point mark for the first time in our history, and as it was
the final award in the traditional network category -- carrier category as the
categories of change going forward.

Our results for the first half of the year make us optimistic
about the rest of 2019 and beyond. As you all know, we're running our business
so that this will be a great place for our people to work, a great place for
our customers to fly and very importantly, a great place for our owners to
invest. We've got more work to do to execute our plan and we're fully focused
on getting that work done.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC
AND CEO OF VIRGIN AMERICA INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good
afternoon, everyone. In the second quarter, total revenues grew 6.1% to $2.3
billion on a 1% increase in capacity as unit revenues increased 5.2%, well
ahead of our initial guide of 3.5%.

Our pretax margin was 15.8%, 300 basis points better than
prior year and our adjusted earnings per share improved 31%. As Brad mentioned,
we still have plenty of work ahead of us but the momentum is encouraging. For
example, the recently ratified transition agreement, an integrated seniority
list with our technicians, brings our Boeing and Airbus mechanics together and
provides a 2-year extension, giving our technicians and the company more
certainty through 2023. The agreement recognizes the high caliber of our
maintenance team with pay increases, signing bonus and enhanced productivity.
This integrated agreement is a significant milestone at Alaska as we now have
joint agreements, an integrated seniority list with all of our workgroups in
less than 3 years from the date we acquired Virgin America. It is a huge
accomplishment and allows us to come together as one team, continue to build on
our strong culture and fully leverage the synergies we planned from the
acquisition.

I also want to thank our 5,200 IAM represented employees for
their absolute professionalism over the past several months, as we finalize the
recently announced tentative agreement for a new 5-year collective bargaining
agreement. With our last deal signed over 5 years ago, this group was the
furthest out of market amongst all of our labor groups and represents about 25%
of our employees. We won't know the results of the vote for a few more weeks
but I'm excited to get these well-deserved raises and improvements to our
folks, who represent Alaska so well and deliver outstanding gift service day in
and day out.

These 2 agreements will increase our wages and benefit cost
by approximately $50 million annually, and about $48 million this year,
including onetime signing bonuses and other costs of approximately $24 million.
The impact of these new agreements is included in our cost guidance today. We
are pleased to come to these agreements and we want to thank the IAM and AMFA
for their continued partnership as we work together to provide great wages and
benefits for our people and set the stage for a successful financial future.

Our focus over the next few years is on implementing the
initiatives on our road map to build brand strength, improve our product and
guest experience and to strengthen our financial muscle as we strive toward a
best-in-class investment for our long-term owners.

Looking back on the second quarter, here are some of our
biggest accomplishments. First, as Brad mentioned, our employees were awarded
with our 12th consecutive J.D. Power award, a true testament to the
exceptionalism of our people. I couldn't be more proud of the hard work they've
put in everyday to take care of our guests and run a great operation. Second,
we are now realizing the full run rate of the $330 million of revenue
initiatives and synergies we launched over the last several months. This
includes the increased benefit from the cross fleeting of our higher gauge,
lower unit cost Boeing aircraft into the most capacity-constraint markets with
overflow demand. We should see the biggest impact from these changes during the
peak summer travel season in Q3. Third, we completed the painting on all of our
Airbus aircraft and we are 25% through the interior renovations, which will
provide more premium seating and increased revenue per aircraft. Fourth, after
a rough operational start to the year, due to the Pacific Northwest storms, we
have climbed our way back to first-place year-to-date for on-time departures
and second place in DOT on-time arrivals. I'd be happy to address the nuance of
those 2 measures in Q&A.

For the second quarter, we were first among the top carriers
in both of these categories. And on the regional side, Horizon is topping the
leaderboard when it comes to operational performance. #1 in the regional
industry, year-to-date, by a wide margin. I want to give a shout out to the
entire team at Horizon for a complete turnaround of their performance over the
past couple of years. Each of these along with the every day accomplishments of
our teams across the company is pushing us to be better tomorrow than we are
today. We talk a lot around here about turning the dial, a little each day to
make incremental improvements. We are always pushing ourselves to be better, so
as we continue to turn the dial and with the wind now at our back, I'm
confident in our team's ability to outperform.

And with that, I will turn the call over to Andrew for his
commercial update.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, EXECUTIVE VP & CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Ben, and good
afternoon, everyone. My comments this afternoon will focus on the second
quarter revenue performance, guest-facing initiatives and revenue guidance for
the third quarter. The 5.2% improvement in unit revenues was a welcome result
of what was a volatile revenue environment in the first quarter and represents
our best unit revenue improvement over the past 7 years and our best absolute
Q2 RASM in the past 3 years. Industry pricing stabilized for the most part as
we ended the second quarter, which included the dissipation of low-closing
fares. As we entered this year, we had a goal of outperforming industry RASM by
approximately 200 basis points. We beat industry RASM by approximately 190
basis points this quarter. Ex MAX-related unit revenue outliers for some
carriers, our revenue initiatives and synergies delivered on that goal.

Breaking Q2 down further, I'd like to provide a bit more
detail on the year-over-year unit revenue increase. First in terms of
challenges. Although not as impactful as the first quarter, we continue to see
softness in Hawaii pricing due to the significant year-over-year growth in
overlapping, weighted competitive capacity of 6% to 7%. We also saw increased
industry capacity from the lower 48 into the state of Alaska, putting some
pressure on our long-haul Alaska yields. This competitive capacity continues
through the peak summer period. These 2 regions represent about 22% of our
system, with unit revenues negatively impacted by about 50 basis points, which
is less than what we had originally guided to.

Turning to the positive, our strong unit revenue performance
was driven by the following key areas. First, our synergies and initiatives
continued to ramp and they reach their full run rate during this quarter. These
initiatives improved our Q2 RASM by 350 basis points, which we guided to on our
first quarter call, with Saver Fares the largest contributor to this
improvement. We continue to feel confident in the $330 million of combined 2019
initiatives and synergies we guided to at Investor Day last November.

Second, we had tailwinds of about 100 basis points from the
Easter shift and another 100 basis points from changes in our award redemption
structure, that had negatively impacted RASM in Q2 last year after our
reservation system cut over when redemptions got away from us.

Third, underlying pricing stabilized and steadily improved
through the quarter. 9 of our 11 operating regions representing 88% of our
capacity, experienced positive year-over-year unit revenues, including
California transcon markets, that were significantly impacted by pricing
actions in Q1. A quick note on transcon markets, I want to thank all of our
operational and commercial teams that have rallied around improving our
performance in this region. We've made several changes, including more focused
marketing, cross fleeting and a concerted effort to improve both cancel rates
and on-time performance. But most importantly, our station and in-flight crews
have been focused on delivering consistently great guest service, all to help
improve the financial performance and guest experience of these important
routes, and it's working. Although we have ways to go, we did experience
significant improvement in RASM and double-digit increases in California
transcon margins year-over-year and we see continued momentum as we head into
Q3.

And lastly, we continue to see strength in our royalty
revenues, which increased 5.7% on flat passengers. The percentage of our flyers
during the quarter that were Mileage Plan members and credit cardholders
improved 2.7 points and 1.2 points, respectively, which is very encouraging. As
we've mentioned in previous calls, the commercial team is focused on a number
of network and product enhancements this year that our guests have embraced.
First, our Alaska Global Partners network is expanding again with our new
partnership with El Al, with new direct flights out of San Francisco to Tel
Aviv. This is in addition to the direct service to Hong Kong, Tokyo, Singapore
and Dublin, that have all been added or announced from Seattle by our partners.
With our 17 global partners, their Mileage Plan members can earn and redeem
miles to more than 900 destinations worldwide.

Second, as Ben mentioned, we are installing new cabin
interiors on our Airbus and 737-700 aircraft, that both align and improve the
guest experience. We've completed 25 so far. Each Airbus renovation increases
total seat count and builds in a greater mix of First and Premium Class seats.
These are beautiful aircraft and our guess reaction has been extremely
positive. Third, we've now completed satellite Wi-Fi installation on 44 of our
mainline aircraft, and the feedback from our guess has just been fantastic.
This, along with our in-flight entertainment boasting the most movies in the
sky, provides our guests with a top-notch, in-flight experience. In fact, our
entire regional jet fleet is also equipped with Wi-Fi and on board
entertainment.

And finally, 2 weeks ago, we opened Phase 1 of a stunning
new wing of the North Satellite terminal here in Seattle, featuring our new 16,000
square-foot flagship lounge for our guests. We've also started construction on
our rooftop lounge in San Francisco that we expect to open next year.

So looking to Q3. Our capacity growth picks up modestly to
approximately 3%, and our Q3 RASM guidance, that ranges 2% to 5%, reflecting
the benefit of our many revenue initiatives and merger synergies, our
expectation of stable pricing through the peak summer season, offset by
continued pressures we are seeing in Hawaii, and long-haul Alaska flying that I
mentioned earlier. We are designing our product, network and revenue-management
processes to enable growth with the financial objective to achieve our 13% to
15% long-term pretax margin goals. In fact, we've recently announced that we
are implementing a new state-of-the-art Amadeus revenue management system,
which will be fully deployed by next year -- by the middle of next year and
will result in better revenue performance in our 2020 and beyond. With the
structural changes we've made to our revenue model, we continue to feel
confident in our 2019 objective to outperform industry RASM and look forward to
building on this solid platform for years to come.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO, EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE &
TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew, and good afternoon,
everybody. Our second quarter adjusted net profit of $270 million and earnings
per share of $2.17 were both 31% better than the second quarter of 2018. This
marks our second consecutive year-over-year improvement in quarterly margins
and is the largest year-over-year margin increase since Q2 of 2016. It's
evidenced that our plan to improve returns is working.

Andrew touched on the revenue performance, so I'll touch on
cost performance for Q2 and the outlook for the rest of 2019. We setup this
year with an aggressive plan to keep unit cost growth to between 2% and 2.5% on
a roughly 2% increase in capacity. No small task, given the cost pressures
we've faced and before the impact of any new labor deals. Teams across the
company have risen to the occasion and managed costs in the first half of the
year in such a way that we've been able to maintain full year cost guidance
that falls at the low end of our initial range, even after absorbing the impact
of the AMFA and IAM deals that Ben talked about. These agreements will add
approximately $50 million annually with approximately $48 million impacting
this year, including $24 million in the back half of this year, base wages, and
$24 million in signing bonuses that we expect to pay in Q3.

For the full year, we now expect non-fueling unit costs to
grow by 2.2% all-in. Looking at the quarter, unit cost ex fuel rose by 2.3%,
much better than the -- our initial guidance of plus 5%. Much of the beat is
solid execution, although some of the outperformance is a result of certain
costs shifting to the back half of 2019.

Pilot training costs are a great example, as cross bidding
between mainline fleet types is now happening but a little later than expected.
This will put pressure on pilot productivity, shifting up to $15 million of
training costs into Q3 and Q4 from the first half of the year. Nevertheless, we
continue to see encouraging improvements in productivity and our ability to
control overhead costs.

Let me provide a few examples. First, Horizon's overall
productivity, measured by passengers per FTE, is up 3.3% this quarter and unit
costs ex fuel are down 16% on 20% capacity growth. Productivity in the flight
ops division is a particularly bright spot as training costs have declined
significantly and hard time has improved, especially on the E175. I want to
congratulate the Horizon team on these fantastic results.

Second, as we mentioned on our last call, our supply chain
team has been working a plan to lower prices we pay to our vendor partners.
Their results have been outstanding. We expect to save more than $30 million
this year, positively impacting costs across many divisions.

A third example relates to flight attendant premium pay.
During the transition, we had a heavy reliance on premium pay to make sure our
flights were all covered. Today, our in-flight team is having to use much less
of it because of a much more normalized operation and better processes in the
department.

And finally, overhead is down by more than $15 million or
about 5% so far this year. Over the last year we've made changes to the size of
our management staff, not only to save payroll costs, but more importantly, to
improve our speed and agility and reduce the number of layers between our
leaders and both our customers and our front-line employees. These changes are
important as we seek to more positively and tightly manage our company towards
the future that we are seeking.

Looking to Q3, we expect CASM to be up approximately 5% on a
3% increase in capacity, which, given our full year guidance, would imply a
1.2% decline in unit costs in the fourth quarter. The third quarter increase
reflects the cost shifts I mentioned, timing of expected variable pay accruals
and the impact of the new labor agreements, including our expectation that will
pay, as I said earlier, $24 million in onetime cost during the quarter.

July marks the beginning of our annual planning process. As
we think about 2020, we're mindful of our need to continue to aggressively
manage our unit costs in a way that maintains or expands our competitive cost
moat versus the legacy carriers. Doing so ensures that we can offer low fares,
grow and achieve our 13% to 15% long-term margin target.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.6
billion in cash and marketable securities. Total cash flow from operations for
the first 6 months of the year was nearly $1.1 billion ex merger-related costs,
while net CapEx was $330 million. This resulted in $735 million of free cash
flow, again, ex integration costs, which was nearly $400 million higher than
the first 6 months of 2018.

At consensus, full year operating cash flow would be about
$1.5 billion and free cash flow would be about $775 million, assuming CapEx of
$725 million this year. That's more than 3x the amount we produced in 2018. The
result is a direct outcome of our decision in early 2018 to reduce capital
spending in order to improve free cash flow. We've produced free cash flow for
9 years in a row and positive operating cash flow for more than 30 consecutive
years. Maintaining this track record of positive free cash flow is an important
part of our capital-allocation strategy.

Our fortress balance sheet was also a hallmark for this
company -- of this company for many years and we're quickly moving back to that
position. We've repaid $280 million in debt so far this year, including some
repayments that were made in June that will offset with some new borrowings in
the third quarter as part of our broader effort to take advantage of the
low-rate environment, lower our borrowing costs and move to more fixed-rate
debt, given the tight spreads and inverted yield curve. I want to give a shout
out to our treasury team for the work they've been doing and thank our banking
partners who have adjusted rates downward.

We're on pace to reduce our debt balance by about $350
million in 2019 and we've already paid off $1.2 billion of the $2 billion we
borrowed for the merger.

With leases, our quarter end adjusted debt to cap stood at
45%, and we're on track to end the year at about 42% and reach our 40% goal
sometime in 2020. We have 100 unencumbered Boeing NGs and Embraer E175s and
$400 million of undrawn lines of credit. We've returned $110 million to our
owners via the dividend and share repurchases. We set a plan to return $220
million to shareholders this year and we'll hit it, which is a nice way to
close. You've heard today a number of examples of where we've set a plan and
we're executing on it. The results are encouraging. We're delivering
industry-leading operational performance and our customer service is award
winning. On the financial side, we have revenue and cost momentum and our
balance sheet is strong. And if we continue to execute our plan, we'll be in the
top quartile in the industry for profit margins, balance sheet strength and
free cash flow generation.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) The first question will
come from Savi Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So a bit of an unfair question
because you just delivered -- look to be delivering a really good 2019 on the
cost side. But in -- what have you done for me lately, just -- as we think
about 2020, I wonder if you can walk through some of the headwinds and
tailwinds that you're seeing in 2019? And how they progress through 2020?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Hey Savi, it's Brandon. I'll start and
then maybe Shane can jump in. That's a super important question as we start to
think about the 2020 plan. As I mentioned, we're already wading into that
process. We recognize that low costs are a super important competitive
advantage that we've had for a long time and will continue to be an important
competitive advantage as we go forward. And it's going to be a big part of us
getting to our 15 -- 13% to 15% margin goal. A lot of the initiatives that we
have in place will provide benefit into 2020. We walked through a bunch of that
at Investor Day. I think we've got a lot of momentum, as I said, on that stuff.
Shane, you want to...

SHANE R. TACKETT, EXECUTIVE VP OF PLANNING & STRATEGY OF
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: I might only add something, I'll
be a little generic. I think the biggest, sort of, specific challenge we have
going forward is just all these lease returns, there's a lot of complexity that
goes along with that. However, there's a lot of opportunity to do it, to
continue to shave costs out of the operation and out of the company, there's
tons of stuff we can do on productivity, utilization, all of those things we
talked about at Investor Day. We really haven't fully tapped yet. I would say
this year is really more about getting the muscle to manage costs back in the
next couple of years, as starting to manage those down more aggressively.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: That's helpful. And then on the
network side, the unit revenue guidance is really good. I was just wondering if
you could talk a little bit about as you understand the network changes and how
that's affecting your seasonality, if we should -- and how we should think
about -- if this is kind of the -- you're going to have peakier summers here
and then 1Q being kind of much weaker, or how we should think about, kind of,
the network and how that affects the quarters?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Savi, it's Andrew. I think this
comes back to opportunity. And when we acquired Virgin America, it actually
made us more peaky. Q1 and Q4 were deeper problems and 2 and 3 were stronger.
So what you'll see is, sort of, the traditional pattern. Q2 and 3, very solid,
Q1 being the worst. And I think as we move forward as we look at our network
for 2020, we are working hard on how we make Q1 much more balanced and much
stronger going forward.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Okay. And not necessarily in place
for 1Q '20 but just going forward, is that fair?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: There's already changes being
implemented in the first quarter. And we're going continuing to finalize those.
So we're in the process.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Jamie Baker with
JP Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Hey, good
afternoon everybody. You've spoken enthusiastically about loyalty in the
quarter. I assume that was a consolidated observation, why wouldn't it have
been. Would you be willing to discuss loyal returns -- loyalty returns, excuse
me, in the Seattle market, specifically. I'm obviously curious if you're losing
any share there as your primary competitor pushes its own loyalties scheme.
I've got to imagine California, what's really driving aggregate loyalty
improvement? But I'm curious if Seattle is declining?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. This is Andrew. Thanks for your
question. Although we don't normally talk on specifics, what I can tell you
without about absolute question is that the Pacific Northwest loyalty continues
full steam ahead. Certainly, we have a lower base in California in the
percentage -- on a percentage wise increases, they're obviously larger there
but actually, all of the things that have being going on has just utterly
pushed us to work harder and stronger here in the Pacific Northwest. And we
continue to see solid growth in Mileage Plan members and credit cards and
revenues in the Pacific Northwest.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Excellent. Second question, I know
there have been several industry attempts to raise Hawaii fares as a way to --
near as I could tell, they have not succeeded, is that the correct
interpretation? Or did we get some fare increases during the quarter? I'm just
curious if there's any cause for pricing optimism, given that you're still
calling that out -- that market out as challenged, as a RASM headwind in the
quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think for -- on the Hawaii side,
there's been marginal attempts at pushing things up a little bit. There's been
nothing major at all. I think what really we're facing here is significant seat
increases year-over-year in this marketplace. And so -- but we're filling the
airplanes. Although at cheaper fares, but again that's one of the assets that
we have here with First Class, Premium Class, a new Saver Fare product. All of
these things are working to help, in some cases, overcome some of the softness
in the fares.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Given your informal outlook, Brandon,
for north of $6 in free cash flow this year, what would you need to see to get
more aggressive again on the buyback?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Oh, you just did the math based on the
numbers I used in the script.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Yes, sir.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Okay. Got you. Got you. Here is what I
would say is, we've really focused on what we've called re-deleveraging the
balance sheet. As I said in my prepared remarks, a fortress balance sheet has
really been a hallmark of this company for a long time. Our balance sheet is
super, super strong. I think right now, we're really going to keep deploying
capital to getting the balance sheet to exactly where we want it, and then
think about broader return to shareholders once we get there.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: You've been very clear and
consistent on that. And then just for my follow-up, piqued my interest with the
Amadeus RM system upgrade, middle of next year. What specific capabilities do
you think this will provide for you and is there any, sort of, transition risk
around that as you rotate over to that system?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No. That's a -- this is Andrew. That's a
great question. You realize more about transition risk. We're working off,
honestly, 20-year old technology and we've had to design and build a lot of
technical reports to manage around that. So this will be next-generation,
state-of-the-art. It'll also allow us to do O&D pricing, which, today, we
just don't have any capabilities for. And it's also going to be -- allow our
analysts and our teams to be much more focused on the macro matters, and that
the system will take off a lot of the heavy lifting they're doing at the
individual analyst level so we can get better results. So we'll talk to you
more about that as we move into 2020. It's an initiative. We have real revenues
tied to that. We're not ready to share that yet. And then on the revenue risk,
there's always risk but the team has a fantastic plan as they're going to start
to layer in markets independent from the systems. So a little bit of an
overlap, if you will, and so we're going to do this in a measured, cautious
manner so that we don't expose ourself to any real significant revenue risk.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks, Andrew. We're not going to go to
true O&D pricing out of the gate. We'll go -- we'll stay with -- change
vendors but go to segment pricing and then in time we'll move over to
(inaudible)

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Correct. Right. Yes. O&D will be
layered on when we're ready to pull the trigger on that, and we'll start with
certain regions and we'll turn those on in the new system and then we'll just
continue to roll them out.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Catherine O'Brien with
Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So just a couple questions on your cost outlook
here. First, I just want to clarify. Does your CASM outlook include the signing
bonus from your recent contract ratification, meaning you're not including that
special item as some of your peers do?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Hi, Catie, it's Brandon. Yes, our cost
guidance includes the signing bonus.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay. Great. So then, on my math,
the new rates and the signing bonus are about a 90 basis point headwind to your
CASM outlook for the year. Signings in your new CASM outlook, including that,
is only 10 basis points better than what you were previously forecasting. So I
guess what's driving that improvement? And I think, on my math at least, most
of that's made up in the June quarter. I know you guys talked about a few
things that are trending better than expected. But in the back half, is there
an opportunity to see some of that cost strength continue and maybe even trend
down despite the new deal?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Hey, Catie. It's Shane. Thanks for the
question. I'd sort of reiterate what you said and what we said on the prepared
remarks that the team did a fantastic job managing costs in Q1 and Q2. I think
we may have even surprised ourselves a little bit at how well we managed them.
And I think that if we continue to do that, there is opportunity in the back
half of the year. There are some costs that we know are shifting. Brandon
mentioned those, some of the pilot training costs and a few other areas. But
we're still seeing real strength on managing overhead, managing productivity,
managing selling expenses as an example. In the quarter, revenues were up 6%,
selling expenses were down 3%, which is just a really wonderful result. Usually
those correlate together and go up at the same rate. So we're finding areas to
marginally improve the company all over the place, and we'll continue to mine
that in the second half.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Okay. Great. Yes, really
impressive because, at least on my math, it's fully offset despite the June
quarter better performance there, the new deal. And so then maybe one for
Andrew. Does -- we keep hearing about how Saver Fare is trending better than
expected, but I don't think we've officially gotten a raise at $100 million
annual target. Any comments still waiting for more testing there? Or should we
be expecting an uptick there at some point?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Catie, I would not hold your breath
because we don't plan on giving out specifics and updating that, other than to
tell you that the $330 million that we shared we feel very solid about. Saver
Fares has actually performed better than we had thought, some others a little
bit less so. But we're just going to stick to the high-level numbers versus
going through all the details. But it's doing very, very well for us.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Rajeev Lalwani
with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Andrew, a couple of straightforward questions for you. As far as the
MAX, what sort of benefit or impact are you seeing there whether it's in your
third quarter guide or your second quarter guide? And then your latest read on
competitive capacity and how that's trending? And then finally, any color on
development markets and maturity there? And whether or not there's much more
opportunity ahead of you?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Thanks. The best way for me to talk
about the MAX is just to really look at the industry seats and what we're
dealing with. And as is very public knowledge, we saw a number of closer-in
pull downs by carriers to accommodate the MAX. So we've sort of been a
recipient of that. If you look forward though, our competitive capacity on a
weighted basis is actually down 0.7% in the third quarter. And again, I think
that's in no small part to the industry capacity coming down, which I think
brings good things for everybody when capacity discipline is carried out that
way. The other thing I would tell you is that on the new markets and the
maturity, we still have -- we've seen really good improvement. Some -- we're on
average I think up to about 85% of normalized yield, and they continue to
improve. And a little bit -- some of the California markets, especially so. So
there is still upside for us as we continue to mature these markets.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Can you quantify maybe that last one, I
mean, how much you've seen so far or how much more there is to go?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: As it relates to the guide, no. What I
think -- what we continue to want to see in our developing markets, which were
a much smaller percentage of our network now, but we still want to see high
single to double-digit unit revenue increases in those markets. But I don't
have a dollar figure or a RASM number to quantify that for you.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Helane Becker with
Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So I had two questions. My first question
is related to Love Field and what are you doing there? And will you not be serving
that market anymore? Is that the way to think about it?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Hi, Helane. This is Andrew. No, we are
absolutely serving Love Field. I think what's got a little confusing on all of
that is that, we have -- as you know, there's a lawsuit going on. I'll let Kyle
touch on that in a second. But we have 2 gates there. There's a lawsuit going
on. And we have 13 flights a day. What we've done is there is uncertainty
around how that lawsuit's going to end up and what's happening. So we had scheduled
more flights. So what we're doing is holding to our 13 flights a day. What
we're doing is concentrating now on 4 markets, which is Seattle, Portland, San
Francisco and Los Angeles. And that's sort of what we're going to be flying
here for the foreseeable future. But Kyle, did you want to comment?

KYLE B. LEVINE, CHIEF ETHICS & COMPLIANCE OFFICER, VP OF
LEGAL, GENERAL COUNSEL AND CORPORATE SECRETARY, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Sure.
Hi, Helane. Ya, the litigation really just plods on. It's scheduled to go to
trial in September. We'll see if that sticks or not. In the meantime, the judge
has been very active in keeping up settlement discussions among the carriers
and the city. And I'm afraid to say, there's so far not been much progress
there although people are talking.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. And then my second question was on
transcon. So I think in the first quarter, that was a kind of a problem. And I
didn't hear you mention whether that was improved in the second quarter and how
that looks for the summer?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Thanks, Helane. Yes, it was a real
problem in the first quarter. And in my prepared remarks and just what we've
been sharing, as we are very, very encouraged with what's happened there. We
have significant unit revenue increases in those during the second quarter as
pricing stabilized. That's continued into the third. And we have seen
double-digit margin increases in those transcon routes. And in part -- notable
part, that our employees have really rallied around those markets, around the
guest service, both in the aircraft, on the ground, we're making sure the
satellite flights get on there, our SOC has done a magnificent job getting to
99.5% completion rate. So we are just all in focusing on the guest experience,
and it's making a difference.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. And then could I just follow that up
with one MAX question? Would you consider keeping A320s to backfill the MAX?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Helane, it's Brandon. I'll take that
one. We have 3 A319/320 airplanes that are due to be returned between now and
the end of 2020, and we're going to stick with that for the time being. Those
are already in process to one degree or another. We do have MAXs coming in next
year. Our MAX exposure was pretty darn small. We were supposed to get 3 in the
last few months of this year. It's perhaps 1 now. Those 2 that we are -- we're
not going to get this year will probably come. If things play out like we're
hearing, they might play out in the first quarter. So the capacity issue for us
isn't nearly as acute as it is for some other MAX operators.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Michael Linenberg with
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, you called out the
improvement in pricing. You indicated it stabilized and improved through the
quarter. Could you just give us maybe some additional color to show how things
trended? And then is that continuing -- that trajectory continuing into the
third quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think really around the pricing
environment I would say it's -- our biggest problem was, obviously, close in
fares and business fares where we're very, very low during the first quarter.
So those have substantially gone away and have stabilized. The fare
environment, I would say, in a number of areas, are still sort of down a little
bit year-over-year but stable. And again, the way we've overcome that, of
course, is with all these new revenue initiatives and a lot of the changes
we're making to the business. So for me personally, the way I would describe
the fare environment for Alaska is one of stability, and we're working with
that. And we're not seeing any real changes in demand. And demand continues,
actually, to be quite robust.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay. Great. And then just a second
question, and Andrew, this is to you as well. I realized it's early with the
Paine Field operation, but how has the startup been? And when you look at the
clientele, are these passengers who formerly flew out of Seattle? Are they new
customers maybe coming from other carriers? What can you make of the Paine
Field startup? Just curious about how it's going.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: That's -- I don't -- well, starting what
we did in Paine with 8 new markets and starting off with 18 frequencies has
been quite amazing. Other than Portland to Seattle, we probably got a little
too much -- excuse me, Paine, Portland we've got probably a little too much
capacity there but on the whole, all of these markets are well into our average
load factors now. And the yield is working its way up and I think we couldn't
be more impressed and excited with how the start up of that operation only
after 3 months has gone. I will say that we've probably seen a lot of
non-frequent fliers actually flying out of Paine Field. My initial guess would
be a lot of our customers will and they are. Some habits are hard to break but
what's really exciting is we're seeing a lot of non-core loyalty members taking
advantage of the close location of Paine Field and demand has been very, very
good.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Hunter Keay with Wolfe
Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Appreciate you guys not playing
out the signing bonuses special item. That's really good stuff. It's noticed. I
do have a question for you on the selling expenses. I don't know if this is
Shane or Brandon. How is it down so much? I know that some of that's accounting
reclassification, but even if you take that away adjusted it's still down by
tens of millions of dollars the last couple of years. Is this something you
renegotiated with Virgin? What are you doing to get that down? How much more is
there to go?

SHANE R. TACKETT: This is Shane. Yes, you pretty much know
that we did get an opportunity to renegotiate a lot of deals that Virgin had
that got closer to our rates. In a lot of those cases, we were able to actually
bring our rates down at the same time. So that stuff that has taken place over the
last year or 2, it includes not only the cost of distributing tickets through
travel agencies and GDSs and medic partners but also our core passenger service
systems. We've basically renegotiated all of those in the last 3 years at
really attractive rates for the company.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Oh, so there is such thing as a merger
synergy then?

SHANE R. TACKETT: There you go.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. Good. And this is a little bit more
of a high-level question. But I don't know if you've noticed but the markets of
Hawaii has changed a lot over the last 10 years. And there's a lot more sort of
long-haul narrowbody flying with neos and, for a time, MAXs where there's more
outer island destinations being served from smaller communities that was not
previously really able to do without these neo technology and MAX technology. I
feel we're starting to see that a little bit in Alaska. You mentioned some
overfly of Seattle. You're seeing American put, for example, a 321neo out of
Phoenix into Anchorage. Are you prepared for this? How are you thinking about
overfly being a permanent issue as more airlines get the neos? And are you
prepared to sort of cannibalize your own connecting traffic with the MAXs, if
you need to do that, sort of like Hawaiian is doing with their neos?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I do, Hunter. It's actually -- your
observation is spot on. I think the way that we look at it is the opportunity
for others is the same equal opportunity for us. I mean we fly all of those
East Coast destinations from Seattle. We have a strong, obviously, network
actually in the State of Alaska including strong feed. We fly
Anchorage-Chicago. So I think a couple of things. I think there could be
opportunity for us going forward given the aircraft type to do some of that ourself.
There will be occasions where there's true overfly and traffic that we may have
challenges getting. But at the end of the day, we have a very, very strong
network up there, a very, very strong loyalty proposition and we will continue
to fly where Alaskans need to go on a nonstop basis and as we go forward.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. Hunter, something like 2 out of 3 in
Alaskans are members of our mileage plan. And I would agree with Andrew, if
there is a desire for more longer-distance flying into Alaska hubs, we should
be competing for that. The other thing I would just note is -- just the
relationship between the economies in the state of Alaska and in Seattle in
particular is extraordinarily composed, whether it's government, or fishing, or
timber, or whatever it -- tourism, whatever industry we might be talking about.
A lot of those business connections are here. If someone does want to go to
Houston for oil or something like that, that's a customer that we are going to
have to compete for if they're doing longer distance flight. But I think a lot
of it actually is Seattle business.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: And a lot of it's just really -- just
been in the peak summer season as well.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: That's exactly right.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Joseph DeNardi with
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, just on RASM
performance in 2Q, up about 5%, 3.5 points or so from the initiative. So 1%
increase in capacity led to maybe a 1.5 point increase in core PRASM, if you
want to call it that. Like why is that a good result? Why isn't there more
traction in PRASM given your kind of modest capacity growth?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I mean the way -- the simplistic way I
look at this is, firstly, what we've committed to is, number one, we want to
grow unit revenues in line with the industry. And the industry also has
initiatives and revenue initiatives in there. And if you look at our revenue
and synergies, that's about 400 basis points. So what we're really saying is
we're going to grow at the rate the industry is that includes their initiatives
plus another 200 basis points on top of that. So that's how we're thinking. We
think that's a very strong result. I'll also think our stage length increased
by about 1.5% during the second quarter, which also puts downward pressure on
unit revenues. And we're also seeing significant increase in stage length even
in the regional business as well, as their mix gets more, a little bit long haul.
So overall, and then last thing I will just point to is our margin. We have
close to 16% margin for the second quarter. And we have powder left in both our
cost and revenues. So overall, what you're seeing is a track that we're headed
to at 13% to 15% margins. And so you're right, it can be better and it will be
better as we continue to move this thing forward.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then Andrew, I guess I was
a little bit surprised given how important revenue generation is to an airline
business that you're using 20-year old technology, I would have thought that
was upgraded a little bit more frequently. So why is that? And what is the
revenue opportunity from that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So again, we have a system. And again,
it's just all about priorities and I think when we acquired Virgin America,
much of what we're looking here massive step change in the size and complexity
of our business. So we definitely -- it's time for a new system. We will be
sharing with you as part of our outlook for 2020 what our revenue initiatives
will be including the revenues there. So we're not prepared to speak to those
today.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: And is it material?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: It's -- yes, it is.

BENITO MINICUCCI: Andrew, we have a top-notch revenue
management leadership, analysts, and when you have a top-notch commercial
analytics team that makes up maybe a little bit for us upgrading the system as
quickly as we may want. --

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: The vendor we're with now, it's not like
they haven't updated the software but it is -- it's a new platform that we're
moving to.

OPERATOR: Kevin Crissey with Citigroup.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: And I just continue on with Amadeus quickly.
Why choose Amadeus? My understanding is that the best aspect of that is the
international component. Does that suggest maybe a more of an international
focus going forward? Or was there some other reason for that vendor selection?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Without going into details, we did
a very thorough RFP looking at all the vendors. And it came down to cost, it
came down to capabilities, it came down to what our RM team needed and wanted
for our network today and our future networks. So that was the decision.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: But to be clear, I don't think new
international service, I don't think that was a big driver.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Not long-haul service. No.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Brandon Oglenski
with Barclays.

MATTHEW AARON WISNIEWSKI, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS BANK
PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: This is actually Matt on -- Matt Wisniewski on for
Brandon. So I know it's early for 2020. But as growth starts to ramp and next
year return to growth, I was wondering if you could share any kind of
attributes on what the priorities for growth are? And what -- how we should be
looking at that? And then as a secondary, in the context of a 4% to 6% growth,
how much flexibility would there potentially be in that, specifically in the
context of the margin targets?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Matt, it's Brad. I might jump in here. I
think the first priority -- we've got just an incredible economic engine in the
Pacific Northwest. So the first priority would be feeding that engine and doing
everything we need to do to sort of defend and grow markets out of the State of
Washington, the State of Alaska, the State of Oregon. I think the second
priority, we've got some important new geography in the State of California, in
San Francisco and LAX, in particular. I think it would be doing the flying that
we need to do in those markets to provide just the important base utility for
business travelers and others in those markets. And I think after that, I think
there are, and Andrew sort of answered at this. There's opportunities for us to
do a better job of connecting the different parts of our network in strategic
ways, and so I think that would be the third priority. Finally, we've always
got an opportunity to make sure our -- when we have multiple frequencies in a
city pair to make sure those flights are well-timed, to make sure that if we're
flying back and forth from the West Coast to the middle of the country, that
our times are friendly to West Coast customers. So those are -- in my own mind,
those are sort of -- that would be sort of a top to bottom sort of priority
about how we would think about future growth. Might be off the line. How...

OPERATOR: The final question is from Dan Mckenzie with
Buckingham Research Group.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: An Amadeus question as well. Presumably that gives
you more merchandising capability versus what you have today, is that a fair
characterization?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Dan, it's Shane. I'll just take this
because I happen to be the person who installed the merchandising system. We
actually have one. We use Farelogix today. Amadeus has a really good one as
well. We were super happy with our partnership with Farelogix right now. But if
there was an opportunity to move to Amadeus, we could do that. But we've a
really good, robust merchandising platform today.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Got it. Okay. Another sort of technical
question here. With respect to the increased premium seats coming from the
reseating on the Airbus, can you ever revenue manage these seats realtime as
they come online? Or is there some conservatism on that until you reach a
critical mass, either in terms of aircraft or as you think about the planes?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Dan, this is Shane again. I launched PCs,
so I guess I'll take this one too. The only real conservatism is making sure
that if we sell the seat, the PC seat shows up. As you know, we don't really
assign a specific shell to a market until we're closer in. So trying to sell a
seat 6 months ahead when we actually assigned the aircraft, that's always --
that's the calculus we try to go through. So there's a little bit of a ramp up
here as we've come online. But it doesn't take that long for us to be able to
pre-sell through the entire window.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Got it. So when a new aircraft comes on,
these premium seats maybe don't sell at a premium for like the first month or
how would you characterize the lag?

SHANE R. TACKETT: Yes. The way we do it -- just not to get
too technical. If we have like 20 planes coming in, and we might sell 10 planes
worth for about a quarter. And then the next quarter, we'd sell 15 planes
worth. The next quarter, we sell 20 planes. So it may take 2 or 3 quarters to
burn in.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Got it. Okay. And one final question
here. Wondering if you could talk the Airbnb restrictions that were recently
passed in Hawaii. How are you thinking that might or might not impact travel to
or demand to Hawaii?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think we, like everyone who are
watching now, I think my understanding is about 5,000 units of inventory coming
offline for Oahu only. It may result in people flying to the other islands for
a better availability and costs. And we fly to all of those 4 islands. But
again, that's something Kyle will be watching overtime. Our bigger focus,
obviously, is how many seats are going into Hawaii because at the end of the
day, Hawaii is about supply and demand.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Okay. I think we're not going to hear
from the operator again. Thanks, everybody for tuning in today for our second
quarter call. We look forward to speaking with you all again in 90 days time.
Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072519a12606782.782










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%);
ETHICS (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL
RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS
(76%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); REGULATORY
COMPLIANCE (73%); LAWYERS (72%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (70%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (97%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(67%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (66%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(66%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 ALK (NYSE) (97%); GS (NYSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%);
JPM (LSE) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); C
(NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); DEUT (JSE)
(66%); DBK (FRA) (66%); DBK (BIT) (66%); DBETN (JSE) (66%); DB (NYSE) (66%); MS
(NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(97%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT
ADVICE (84%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (84%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (84%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(84%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES,
NEC (84%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (84%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS,
& FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%);
NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS
FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL
BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (83%); NAICS522210 CREDIT
CARD ISSUING (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (66%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); REAL ESTATE
(78%); PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (77%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); LAWYERS (72%); CORPORATE
COUNSEL (70%); CREDIT CARDS (67%)










 ALASKA, USA (96%); UNITED STATES (79%)










 August 1, 2019




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
25, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 10270 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer & Executive VP

* Benito Minicucci

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon Pedersen

* Christopher Michael Berry

. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Matt Grady

. - Director of IR

* Shane Tackett

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Former Research
Analyst

* Darryl J. John Genovesi

Vertical Research Partners, LLC - Principal

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Jose Caiado De Sousa

Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Former Director &
Senior Analyst

* Matthew Burke Roberts

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Senior Research Associate

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Former Executive
Director

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Catherine, and I will
be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call.

Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for
future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions) I would
now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's Director of Investor
Relations, Matt Grady.

MATT GRADY, DIRECTOR OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Catherine. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for our first quarter
2019 earnings call. In today's prepared remarks, you will hear updates from our
CEO, Brad Tilden; our President and COO, Ben Minicucci; our Chief Commercial
Officer, Andrew Harrison; and our CFO, Brandon Pedersen. Several other members
of our management team are also on hand to answer your questions during the
Q&A portion of the call.

This afternoon, Alaska Air Group reported first quarter GAAP
net income of $4 million. Excluding merger-related costs, mark-to-market fuel
hedging adjustments and special charges, Air Group reported adjusted net income
of $21 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.17 ahead of the first call
consensus. These results compare to adjusted net income of $18 million and
adjusted earnings per share of $0.14 in the first quarter of 2018.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding future performance, which may differ
materially from our actual results. Information on Risk Factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings. On today's call, we will
refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit
costs, excluding fuel. And as usual, we have provided a reconciliation between
the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's earnings
release.

And now I will turn the call over to Brad for his opening
remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everyone.

Though we still got a lot of work to do to get our business
performing as we would like, we're encouraged by the progress we made in the
first quarter.

Last quarter and at our Investor Day in November, we
discussed our multiyear plan to produce profit margins averaging 13% to 15%
over the business cycle. We also discussed our intent to achieve those margins
by improving performance in the controllable parts of our operations.

Viewed through that lens, our first quarter results were
solid. On the revenue side, our initiatives began to deliver on schedule and in
some cases, ahead of schedule. And on the cost side, we outperformed our
guidance by delivering better productivity than we planned despite completing
fewer ASMs than planned.

So in factors we control that drive long-term value, we're
headed in the right direction. That said, the underlying improvements we're
making to the business were masked somewhat by 2 unusual factors: first, a
series of winter storms in February that significantly disrupted our
operations; and second, a substantial drop in close-in fares in our California
and New York-based transcon markets, which extended through most of the
quarter.

These items had a significant impact on our revenues. And
though we are not satisfied with our results, even if we exclude the impact of
these events, when we do adjust to the noise they created, we see our
initiatives gaining traction, and we see momentum in the business.

To put it more directly, we believe we're on track to
deliver higher margins and returns in 2019 as we indicated last quarter and at
Investor Day.

Regarding the storms, I want to first thank our terrific
employees who through their skill and determination got us through the most
significant winter weather the Pacific Northwest has seen in 50 years. Our
teams went above and beyond to keep our guests and each other safe, and to
minimize the number of flights we had to cancel.

We did end up canceling 1,100 flights. Our customer service
and reservations agents did an outstanding job dealing with the cancels and
reaccommodating our guests who were impacted. We're grateful to all teams
across the organization who worked diligently to keep the airline moving during
this time.

And looking ahead, we're optimistic about the rest of 2019.
The summer travel season is almost upon us, it should provide a more stable
pricing and operating environment. And the integration with Virgin America is
largely behind us.

We're on track to realize $330 million in revenue synergies
and initiatives this year, and we'll harness these opportunities to improve our
margins and grow earnings per share. We slowed our growth to let recent
investments mature and to focus our energies on making better use of what we
have. We're investing in our people and our product, and we're coming together
as 1 team to realize the great potential of our platform.

As we do these things, we will be leveraging our competitive
advantage over a larger and more powerful route network, and our profitability
will improve. And as our margins improve, we'll also get back to growing the
airline, albeit, at a more moderate 4% to 6% annual pace that we believe is
appropriate given the size of our business today.

We got a lot to cover today. So at this point, I'm pleased
to turn the call over to Ben Minicucci, our President and Chief Operating
Officer. As a reminder, Ben took on expanded commercial responsibilities in
September of last year with the changes we made to our [old] structure. Ben,
over to you.

BENITO MINICUCCI: Thanks, Brad, and good afternoon,
everyone. After years of participating in these calls and responding to your
questions during Q&A, I'm pleased to participate in our prepared remarks
today and provide you with an update on our business.

In the first quarter, total revenues grew 2.4%
year-over-year to $1.9 billion on roughly flat capacity, as unit revenues
increased 2.2%. Our pretax margin improved to 1.5%, 20 basis points better than
prior year, and our adjusted earnings per share also improved versus 2018.

I'd like to echo Brad's comments that we're encouraged with
the progress we're making towards our multiyear goals despite the challenges we
faced last quarter. With the integration almost complete, our attention has
turned to streamlining and improving our business at the core. As we implement
the initiatives on our roadmap, we're building greater awareness of our brand,
aligning our guest experience, improving our product, and starting to make
headway on productivity.

All of these efforts tie back to our strategy of attracting
new customers and building guest loyalty in West Coast markets. Here are a few
examples of our team's recent accomplishments: first, we began to capture
material revenue synergies as we swap more of our Boeing and Airbus aircraft
into the most appropriate routes. As of March, we had cross fleeted our higher
gauge, lower unit cost Boeing aircraft into the most capacity-constrained
markets with overflow demand. This will improve our margins going forward,
especially during the peak summer season; second, we've now repainted 66 of our
71 Airbus aircrafts, and we'll complete all 71 by June.

Airbus interior renovations are also in full swing, and
Andrew will provide a further update on those in a moment.

Third, our flight attendants began flying together as fully
integrated teams on January 31; fourth, last week, we completed our Flight Path
program, a series of face-to-face workshops with our people to reinforce our
culture and bring us together as 1 team.

Over 20,000 employees attended these sessions with
leadership over the past 6 months, and they've helped us move forward as 1 team
toward our strategic and financial goals; fifth, although our operating
performance was really challenged in February, as we navigated the winter
storms, our team recovered well and took great care of guests. Key performance
metrics have improved substantially in March and our departures on 0 and
controllable departures on 0 are looking quite good in April. Sixth, we
launched our new Saver Fare product in January. This was the most significant
change we've made to our product and pricing lineup in years. And as we adapt
to it operationally and respond to questions from some of our guests, the incremental
revenue it has generated has thus far exceeded our expectations. And last but
not least, we continue to enhance our network and product. In March, we
launched service from Paine Field and added new international connections
through our global partners. We are also upgrading our cabins, our WiFi
offering, employee uniforms, and the guest experience at the airport with the
opening of the North Satellite terminal at Seattle in June. Each of the steps
are making our airline more accessible, attractive and valuable than ever for
our guests.

Our momentum continues to build on all these fronts. We
still have a lot of work ahead. But we are making good progress optimizing our
network, building guest loyalty, and ultimately, increasing our profitability.

Before I turn the call over to Andrew, I would like to
comment briefly on our longer-term growth potential. We always said the merger
with Virgin America was about growth. And we still stay that today, however,
given our slower growth this year, some investors have asked whether our
thinking on this has changed. Our short answer to that is no. We still see lots
of opportunity for profitable growth, especially in California, leveraging the
valuable airport assets we acquired with the merger. We're taking a pause this
year to let our recent network investments mature and increase returns. But
beyond this year, we will leverage our competitive advantages especially, our
low costs, our award-winning service, and our generous loyalty program to
continue delivering profitable growth in the years ahead as we've done
historically. We're just getting started on what we can and will deliver for
our guests, our employees and our owners, and we are confident that our
trajectory is heading upward. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew
for his commercial updates.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER & EXECUTIVE VP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Ben, and good
afternoon, everyone.

Today, I'll be covering our first quarter revenue performance,
updates to our product and service, and where we see Q2 revenues given what we
know today.

As Ben just stated, in the first quarter, total revenues
rose 2.4% to $1.9 billion, and a RASM increase of 2.2%. Despite navigating
severe winter storms and the collapse of the close-in industry pricing that
lasted for an 11-week period in California-based transcon markets, we still
delivered on our goal to outperform our domestic peers on unit revenue growth.

The first quarter can present challenges. Given it's
seasonally our weakest, but this year was especially choppy with close-in
fares, which we highlighted on last quarter's call.

When this noise behind us, we see positive revenue momentum
heading into the spring and summer. Close-in fares have firmed over the past
month and our synergies and other initiatives are set to reach their full run
rates mid-second quarter. Before turning to the future though, I would like to
provide more insight into the puts and takes that resulted in our 2.2% RASM
increase in the first quarter.

So in terms of tailwinds, our synergies and initiatives
ramped up on schedule and contributed a combined 300 basis points of RASM
increase. Saver Fare, the largest component of these, exceeded our expectations
as more guests chose to buy out of the product than we planned. As Saver and
other initiatives reached their run rates in Q2, we expect this tailwind to
grow. Due to the initiative strength as well as pockets of improved pricing, we
saw many areas of strength in the quarter. 9 of our 11 operating regions
delivered positive unit revenues and some significantly so, compared to our
West Coast yield environment that was up only slightly.

Our loyalty member base and credit cardholders also continue
to grow, especially in California. Total Mileage Plan revenues grew 7.3% or 3x
faster than our overall revenues.

Now moving to headwinds. The winter storms and the 1,100
cancellations they caused in February directly reduced Q1 revenues by $15
million and Q1 RASM by 20 basis points. In addition, California transcon
markets, specifically San Francisco and Los Angeles to the New York Metro and
Boston airports, were one of 2 operating regions to experience negative RASM in
Q1. These markets representing 14% of our network saw significant weakness in close-in
pricing from January through mid-March.

Since tickets purchased close to departure date generally
sell for above-average prices, this close-in weakness had a material, 110 basis
impact on Q1 and explains most of the variance to our original guidance. These
prices were isolated, however, and do not affect the way we think about our
revenue trajectory for the rest of the year. Close-in fares rebounded
significantly in mid-March and have continued to firm since, consistent with
their typical seasonal pattern.

We are cautiously optimistic on California transcon pricing
as we head into the spring and summer.

Hawaii was the only other region to experience revenue
softness in the first quarter. This was reflected in our original guidance due
to lower pricing that has been in market since September of last year.

Importantly, though still negative, pricing in Hawaii has
remained quite stable of late and in some cases has improved. Looking ahead,
the commercial team's focus continues to be on improving margins through higher
unit revenues. And while Saver Fares and other initiatives are major
contributors, we're also implementing a number of improvements to our network
and product this year that I would like to summarize briefly.

First off is our service at Paine Field, which began last
month, offering 18 departures to 8 destinations for a greater utility and
convenience for our guests that live north of Seattle. Results from the first
few weeks of operation have been very positive.

Next, our Alaska Global Partners network is expanding with
new direct flights out of Seattle from Cathay Pacific to Hong Kong, Japan
Airlines to Narita, and Singapore Airlines to Singapore.

We're also beta testing the ability for our guests to book
international flights on our global partners directly through our website.

And third, we're installing new cabin interiors on our
Airbus and 737-700 aircraft that align and improve the guest experience. Each
Airbus renovation increases total seat count and builds in a greater mix of
First and Premium Class seats. And we're on track to complete all 71 retrofits
by this time next year.

Fourth, satellite WiFi, which is 20x the bandwidth of
current offerings, satellite is being installed on 26 aircraft to date, is
already operating on transcon flights and will be installed across our fleet by
mid-next year.

And lastly, the new North Satellite terminal at Seattle
opens this June featuring a new 15,000 square-foot lounge for our guests. We'll
also be opening a rooftop lounge in San Francisco next year. For all of these
reasons, we are optimistic heading into the second quarter.

Our ASM growth is a modest 1% and competitive capacity
growth eases to 1.7%.

Our Q2 RASM guidance range of up 2% to 5% reflects the
sequential improvement we expect and assumes 350 basis points of incremental
revenues from synergies and initiatives, a 100 basis point benefit from the
Easter -- timing of Easter, which is offset by 100 basis points of continued
headwinds from pricing softness in Hawaii. As we leverage the significant
self-help opportunities in our plan, we expect Q2 RASM to outperform the
domestic industry by a greater margin than it did in Q1, and our target is to
outperform our domestic peers by 200 basis points for the full year.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Thanks much, Andrew. Just to recap. Air
Group posted a first quarter adjusted net profit of $21 million or $0.17 per
share, up from $18 million or $0.14 per share in 2018. On the surface, the
result is only up modestly versus last year, but the improvement is more
substantial after factoring in the headwinds we faced. Notably, this was the
first quarter we've improved pretax margin since Q2 of 2016, and the result
indicates that we've begun the steady upward climb toward higher margins and
returns. We still have more work to do on both the revenue and the cost sides
of the business to achieve our margin target.

My comments today will focus on costs. Overall, we were
pleased with our cost performance in Q1. CASMex fuel ended up 2.8% or 200 basis
points better than our initial guidance despite completing fewer ASMs than
planned. About half of the 200 basis points was timing, and about half was
better than planned execution across much of the organization.

This result gives us increased confidence in our full year
cost outlook and more importantly, demonstrates our ability to protect our low
cost structure despite slower growth.

Unit costs are -- low unit costs are, and have been for
years, a key source of our competitive advantage. And despite the solid
quarter, we need to make more progress on productivity and manage overhead
lower.

Let me give you a couple of examples of where we did this
well in Q1.

First, mainline pilot productivity was 2.5 points better
than planned. This was great, but productivity still trailed last year; second,
productivity in our res group was 7.5 points better than planned and a full 12%
better than prior year. Kudos to the res team for a really strong performance
this quarter; and third, overhead spend was 5% lower than last year after
adjusting for some timing items, reflecting the management reductions we made
in 2018, cost synergies, and lower spend in a host of other areas.

In addition, our cost reduction efforts also extended to our
vendor relationships. As we mentioned at Investor Day, we're engaging many of
our external business partners this year to renegotiate the rates we pay, and
the initiative is starting to deliver real savings. I want to recognize the
supply chain team for their leading -- for leading this effort and thank the
vendors that have made pricing and other adjustments that will help us to
continue to lean out our cost structure.

Looking to the second quarter. We expect CASMex to be up
approximately 5% on a 1% increase in capacity.

The higher sequential costs reflect the continued mix impact
of substantially higher regional growth this year as well as our current
maintenance timing, which continues to be front-loaded in the first half of
2019. While this guidance is consistent with our previous Q2 guidance, it does
represent better overall performance since our Q2 capacity growth is now 100
basis points lower than our initial plan.

For the full year, we have lowered our CASMex guidance by 20
basis points to 2.1%, reflecting the savings we captured in Q1. As a reminder,
our full year cost guidance does not include the impact of any new labor deals
we may complete in 2019.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.4
billion in cash. Total cash flow from operations for the first 3 months was
$490 million ex merger-related costs, while net CapEx was $110 million over the
same period. This resulted in about $380 million of free cash flow, ex
integration costs, which was nearly $300 million higher than in Q1 of 2018.

Increased profits and lower CapEx should lead to consistent
year-over-year improvement in free cash flow throughout 2019. This free cash
flow is allowing us to continue to deleverage, which remains our #1 capital
allocation priority.

We've repaid a net of $140 million in debt so far this year,
and we're on pace to reduce our overall debt balance by about $350 million in
2019, including $70 million of pre-payments.

We also crossed somewhat of a milestone this quarter, having
now retired more than $1 billion of the $2 billion we borrowed to acquire
Virgin America. With leases, our quarter-end adjusted debt-to-cap stood at 47%,
and we should end the year at about 43%.

We now have more than 90 unencumbered Boeing NGs and Embraer
175s, and $400 million of undrawn lines of credit. As we repaid debt, we've
also returned $55 million to shareholders via the dividend, which is currently
yielding about 2.3% and share repurchases.

We still expect aggregate returns to exceed $220 million by
the year-end. And once we achieve debt-to-cap closer to 40%, we'll have greater
flexibility to increase capital returns to our owners and to pursue other
opportunities that are consistent with our balanced approach to capital
allocation.

Let me close by returning to a few of today's themes. We're
working hard despite setbacks from Mother Nature and other factors to improve
the financial returns this business is generating. Merger synergies and
initiatives are creating revenue momentum. We're enhancing the guest
experience. Our loyalty program continues to grow faster than passenger growth.
Our cost outlook has improved. Our balance sheet is strong, and our expanded
network footprint gives us significant runway for growth longer term.

Nothing in this industry is without challenges. With the noise
of Q1 behind us, we are optimistic in our outlook for the rest of the year. And
we look forward to leveraging our competitive advantages to deliver superior
shareholder value in the years ahead.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from the line of Helane Becker with Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So just 2 questions. One, can you talk
about the cadence or the trajectory during the second quarter of what you see
in terms of bookings in and revenues that give you some degree of confidence
hitting the numbers for the June quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, it's Andrew. I think firstly,
with our revenue guidance sort of the range, and you can see there's an
acceleration of growth there. But just as we sit today, just the visibility we
have from April that's nearly done and then looking at advances as well as
looking at the fare environment at it sits today, we feel very good about how
the next 3 months are going to come in, all things being equal that I see
today.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. So are there areas of strength that
you can specifically speak to?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think what we're seeing a little bit
is -- in our prepared comments we talked about couple of regions that were
softer and the headwinds in Hawaii. But I would say, across most of our
regions, we are seeing normal strength as we head into spring and summer in
both the booking patterns and the fare environment firming up. So we feel
pretty good about that as we move forward.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. And then Andrew, just another
question for you on loyalty and card. You mentioned that the card continues to
grow and exceed your expectations, I guess. Are you seeing -- it continues to
grow, but has the growth rate slowed off the tougher comps?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I would -- we still hit, without getting
into details, double-digit growth in both Mileage Plan and the credit card in
the first quarter. And in fact, California growth was double the system-wide
growth rate. So I would say that we're still seeing very good momentum even as
the base that we're growing off increases.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Rajeev
Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, FORMER EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, a question for you, first. You made a pretty bold
statement in terms of your ability to outperform on RASM going forward.

Some of your peers that you're sort of alluding to are
highlighting kind of low-single-digit, maybe even 2%, 3% growth in RASM, and so
2 points above that would be a pretty big number. Can you just talk about your
comfort there? I mean if you look at just your 2Q guide, it's not too
dissimilar from where JetBlue, Spirit, Southwest are. So you are kind of in
line with them today. But I'd love to just hear more about how you're thinking
about it in terms of some of your comments?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Thanks, Rajeev. Firstly, as we see what
the domestic unit revenue growth were for the industry, we beat that by about
160 basis points.

And as we go into the second quarter and just seeing what
others are guiding to, we feel pretty good with the self-help initiatives that
we're putting in to continue that.

I mean at the end of the day, if you look at the comments
that we made, and our midpoint of our guidance, which is 3.5, it's basically we
said, 3.5 points from initiatives in self-help. There was a bonus there for the
move of Easter and then you deduct Hawaii from that. So essentially, what we're
saying is that all of our growth is going to come from initiatives. If
industries fares go up, we'll do better, if they come down, we might have
headwinds. So that's sort of how we sit today.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. And Brandon a question for you.
There's obviously been lots of discussion around the MAX and some of the
headwinds it's causing for your peers. Can you talk about how you're going to
navigate that? I think you start get some deliveries as the year progresses?
And what incremental training could do? That sort of a thing?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Rajeev, it's Brandon. It doesn't really
impact us a ton this year. We have 3 MAX scheduled for delivery June, July and
October. Obviously, we're watching the situation closely, but we don't expect
much of an impact on the capacity side, certainly. Ben, you might want to
comment on the upside or training side?

BENITO MINICUCCI: I think you're right. I think we'll see
very minimal impact with the 3 airplanes.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brandon, I might have missed it in
your prepared comments, but when would you expect to hit that 40% debt-to-cap
level as we proceed through the year?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: We would likely hit that in probably early
to mid-2020. Did you say 20%, Duane? Just clarify.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: 40%.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes. 40%, we would do in probably, as I
said, early to mid-2020.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then any updated thoughts
with respect to your 2020 growth rate and the profile of your cost structure
into next year?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Duane, it's Ben. Like we said in our
prepared remarks, Alaska has traditionally been a growth airline. We took a
pause last year just to absorb the growth and focus on increasing margins. But
what you'll see forward from us, we're a growth airline. You'll see anywhere
from 4% to 6% over a period of time. So that's our mindset right now.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And maybe Brandon, just the
longer-term thoughts on the cost structure into next year?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I think we're really committed to having a
low-cost operation. Costs have been super important to us. They will continue
to be super important to us. We need to do more going forward, but we're early
into the planning process, and don't have specifics to share at this point.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from the line of Savi Syth
with Raymond James.

MATTHEW BURKE ROBERTS, SENIOR RESEARCH ASSOCIATE, RAYMOND
JAMES & ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: This is Matt on for Savi. My
first question would be in regard to Saver Fares. It sounds like you're having
good progress with that. But could you talk about maybe any potential learnings
have had there? Operational complexities in terms of markets rolled out? And if
it is exceeding expectations that $100 million target gone up? And correct me
if I'm wrong on that target, by the way, please?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Matt, let me start. When -- like we said,
the Saver rollout exceeded our expectations. It's been a really good rollout.
And as you roll out new big changes like this, of course, we did have some
issues operationally with managing what we call oversold lists, but we're
working through those right now with our frontline folks. And when we rolled
out we had some customer questions on how this thing works. So there were a bit
of issues we had to work our way through.

But I would say those things are working well, and we're
making our way through that.

In terms of total dollars, I think, we feel totally
comfortable about -- we said $100 million. And when we look at -- we look at it
overall with all our revenue initiatives, we feel pretty good about that. And
we've only launched it for 4 months. We'll give you more of a sense as we get
more traction over the next few months on how it's going, but we're optimistic
that we improve on that.

MATTHEW BURKE ROBERTS: All right, great. And then maybe --
maybe to Andrew or Ben, whomever. Could you talk maybe just high-level about
your second half RASM trends? Any puts and takes there? How we can think of
timing of initiatives or tough comps that are going on in the back half?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Thanks, Matt. As we shared in our
remarks, we plan to it full run rate on our initiatives and synergies by the
middle of the second quarter, but we don't give any sort of guidance or outlook
beyond what we've done on today's call.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie
Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Your cost guidance
was careful to point out no incremental labor expense or -- reflective of any
contracts progress. Just so that we can establish where the market is, what
competitors do you currently use in your peer set when thinking about wage
expense? I ask because given how the company has evolved and particularly post
merger, it may be fair to say that, that peer set has changed somewhat. Not
asking you to negotiate in public, just wondering who you kind of set yourself
up against when thinking about where market wage rates are?

SHANE TACKETT: Jamie, it's Shane Tackett. I'll just be
brief. I think we generally look at all the major carriers to understand where
they are.

Obviously, our labor groups would look at those folks as
peers. And what we try to do is find a way to get really, really competitive
contracts, and at the same time, find ways to drive productivity up. It's the
only formula that's going to work for the company over long term, and that's
sort of been our approach with our labor groups over the last 15 or 20 years.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. So it's fair to say that, that
approach hasn't been altered in any way as the carrier itself has matured. Yes,
I think it's totally fair, I'm just confirming that.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, Jamie, I think our mindset in terms of
high productivity and really competitive contracts hasn't changed. I think that
obviously there's 2 parties in all of these discussions, and our folks need to
feel like they have contracts that respect the work that they do and the
contributions they make to our success.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Cool. And a quick follow-up to Helane's
question. I apologize for sounding like a broken record. I've asked about
loyalty on several of the calls this season. But the Virgin acquisition kind of
put California into play, in my opinion. You've acknowledged stepped up
competition there with Southwest. They spoke very enthusiastically today about
rapid reward traction.

So I just want to confirm -- and I'm not of the view that
some hold that loyalty benefits are competed away over time. But I just want to
confirm that specific to California, not Seattle but California, you're not
seeing any evidence of more aggressive card competition in that market?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Jamie, we see the usual periodic bonus
offers that are just sort of glittery deals to bring people in. But what we
believe the fundamentals are is that over the long term, loyalty programs only
work if you actually reward people for their loyalty and have consistent and
deeply embedded built -- generous mechanisms to keep people's loyalty. And so
what we see right now is that our loyalty program and the growth that we've
been able to achieve, we feel like what we offer to guests is being well
received. And as I shared earlier, our California growth on both card and
Mileage Plan is double the rate, albeit on a smaller base and our system-wide
growth, which is still double digits. So it's always moving around. But as we
continue to roll out new products, people get to know us more. Our awareness
gets higher. We feel really good about what we have to offer to folks who want
to join our club.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of
Catherine O'Brien with Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So Brandon, the first one is for you. So if
better execution did drive some of that better March quarter CASM performance,
is there anything that we should be thinking about that's unique to the March
quarter that drove that better execution? Or if things continue the way they
are, could we potentially see further improvements in the cost outlook as we
move through the year?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Catie, I don't think I would drive or call
out anything specific in the first quarter that drove a number that was
"artificial." I do think it was really good execution across the
organization. In particular, our team did a good job scheduling the airline. I
think it's required that we continue to have this good execution going forward.
I don't see anything that's going to derail that, but it's super, super
important that we hit our plan. That's what we aim to do.

BENITO MINICUCCI: Catie, it's Ben. How we schedule the
airline has a massive, massive impact on not only the productivity of people,
but of assets. And I think what we're going to do now, we've got a full-court
press with a team looking at how we optimize this network with a Boeing and
Airbus product, getting the right airplanes on the right routes, maximizing
utilization on airplanes, maximizing productivity of our people, and getting
this to configure to how we had it before the merger. So I mean that's our
focus and I think you'll see just a steady improvement on that.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: That's great. Congrats on the
strong performance this quarter and hopefully more to come. And then one for
you Andrew. So if you're noting that all of your June quarter RASM growth is
due to internal initiatives and synergies, should we be assuming that you're
not incorporating the rebound in transcon fares you noted earlier in the call
into that guide? Just any color on how should we think about that would be
great.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Catie, I think what I'm really saying
that the growth that we're seeing net of everything is really being driven by
the initiatives.

That said, we gave a fairly decent range, a 3-point range,
and we have a high end, of course. And so to the extent that things go the way
we'd like to see them go, we will move up that range. To the extent not, we'll
probably -- the goal is we hit the midpoint.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, I just want to
follow up, I guess, on that question. Is there some sort of offset on just kind
of the base fare line from some of these initiatives? Because it does seem
either conservative that 1% capacity growth shouldn't produce low to mid-single
digit core RASM on top of the initiatives. Or is there kind of demand leakage
somewhere? I mean the competitive capacity outlook is pretty benign, why isn't
core RASM is stronger than what you're expecting?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think number one, we don't like to
have to trust in guidance, which is what we have to do in the first quarter. So
we're being a little bit more sober and prudent about how we guide. I would,
you characterize a conservative guide, I wouldn't necessarily argue heavily
against that.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay, okay. And then I guess I'll
join my loyalty brother Jamie with a question along those lines. Brandon, I never
really understood why the Virgin transaction didn't trigger kind of a
renegotiation of sorts with BofA, and an improvement in economic. So given how
clear it is that kind of the economics of loyalty have gotten better of late,
is that something that we can assume you guys are kind of working on with BofA,
and if you'd like to talk about what you think the opportunity there is? I
would love to hear it.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: It's Brando. That actually falls squarely
into Andrew's area. He owns the relationship with the bank right now and
perhaps, it's a good that he would answer the question.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No. Yes. So we don't disclose -- we
renegotiated that not too long ago, and...

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: It was like 3 years ago, wasn't it,
Andrew?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, time flies. But we've had a small
extension I think a few years ago. But what I would say is that a couple of
things. Number one, these agreements in my career have never sort of gone their
full tenure. Changes in the market condition, if there are some, are always I
think good things, especially if they're to the positive side. And we continue
to talk to Bank of America on how we can continue to build a very, very strong
relationship we have. So there may be some more market data out there today.
But again, we'll digest that and continue to work with our program and make it
the best for us and Bank of America.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Brandon, can you give
me some color on the $26 million of merger integration costs. I've got 3
questions. Number 1, why were they up 20 million year-on-year? How much of that
was cash? And when you guys going to be done pulling these out?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: All right. Chris is going to answer them instead of
Brandon, Hunter. So 50 -- about little more than half of it was noncash. It was
related to a onetime sort of true-up vacation balances. When we integrated the
former Virgin America crews into the Alaska crew scheduling or crew tracking
system.

So that was the majority of it that's noncash. The rest of
it are things like paint lines for the Virgin America livery as well as some IT
costs associated with moving former Virgin America data centers and
consolidating those. So we should be -- that was -- the year-over-year impact
is solely because -- primarily because of that onetime labor vacation
throughout balances and it's not nonrecurring.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: When was it done, Chris?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: When was it done? So the biggest
cost we have remaining are associated with the maintenance integration, which
has not really started yet. And so that should be really over the next 12
months, 15 months. But we said, I think, $400 million of onetime charges were
about $345 million from acquisition to date. And I still feel pretty good about
the $400 million.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. Chris and Brad, and then couple of
years ago you guys resisted the urge of lie-flats because a couple -- one of
the reasons at least was because you thought you might make yours -- your
airline more prone to a downturn, which I felt was actually really insightful.

But look, you've said before you try to attract new
customers and the marketplace has changed. Not only Pacific Northwest, but now
you're in these markets in San Francisco and Los Angeles. You've got the credit
card, and your competitors are having some success with these lie-flat seats.
So how are you thinking about that now? Are you fighting the urge to do it? Or
is it something you guys have just decided we'll never going to do this and
that's just who we are.

SHANE TACKETT: Hunter, it's Shane. I think I took this
question before. Our thinking haven't changed. And in fact, if you look at some
of the pricing softness in the markets that you're talking about, a lot of that
is actually on the premium side of the cabin. And so I'm not sure that the economics
would be any different. In fact, they would probably be more challenging at
this point.

I think the question about do we have a good enough
first-class product, which is again a very small percentage of the overall
market that demands that. Is it good enough to compete with lie flat, I think
it's a good question, and it's one we're sort of humble about and we're just --
we're going to take a little more time to understand if we need to go a
different route. We don't really have the aircraft to do lie-flat today. We've
got some of the A321s. That's the aircraft you would want to do it on. So we
said before, if we needed to go there we could. But right now, our sort of view
is more loyalty and upgrade into our premium cabins, and less sort of all-out looking
to yield in the premium cabins and that still works for us. Throughout the
system, we think it will. If that changes, we'll be able to go lie-flat if we
have to.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Mike
Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: I want to go back to something in
your prepared remarks, you talked about Alaska being a growth airline and
you're excited for next year, profitable growth opportunities. I think you sort
of referenced the acquired assets in California and presumably you were
referring to San Fran and LA, LAX. And I'm just curious, those -- obviously
space is tight at those airports, and I was under the impression that your utilization
of your current gauge there is actually pretty high, but just based on your
comments it seems like maybe you are only using 60% or 70% of the space. Can
you just give us a sense of how much maybe additional room at LAX and SFO you
may have? And maybe you have some gauge coming online over the next 12 months
or so that I'm not aware of?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Mike, thanks for the question. A couple
of things. I wanted to put in context was I know there were concerns about our
growth and our -- we are a growth airline, and our longer-term strategy is to
grow. Now I said California, there are some constraints in San Francisco and
Los Angeles. There is construction that sometimes constrains us. There is some
coming up, but those are 2 places where we have considerable strength.

So those are definitely options for us to grow, but we have
a broader California network as well that we're going to look at as well.

So our mindset is always 4% to 6%. And California, of
course, we made the acquisition of Virgin America to get those valuable slots
and gauge. So we're going to take as much advantage and get as much
productivity of the assets we have to grow. And we're not giving too much
detail on that.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, not a problem. And just
Andrew, the 9 of 11 regions where you had positive RASM in the March quarter,
Andrew, as we look to the June quarter, is -- are we going to be able to get to
a point, where it's 11 of 11 or maybe 10 of 11?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, that is the hope. I think as we move
in -- a lot of that's going to depend on the industry pricing.

We have a lot of time spend at fares that are technically
industrywide may be rolling off or not. But at the end of the day, I think,
that there could be strength there. On the comments though we did say with
Hawaii. I think just I'm not sure that's going to get to positive unit revenue
just given the capacity that sort of come on board there and the fare
environment.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Andrew, I didn't even know you had
11 regions. So I couldn't even name them, so I just -- I'll ask that off-line.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon
Oglenski with Barclays Bank.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew or Shane, I guess, we've heard
this commentary too from other carriers as we go through earning season here
that leisure was soft up until I guess the end of March or beginning of April.
Where do we get that -- I mean, we've heard others talk about low World Cup fares
on transcon as well. So what changed? Was demand not showing up? Or did we see
capacity tweaks in these areas? Where is the confidence that things have
improved into the summer?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Number one, I think really specially
what went on with World Cup fares had nothing to do with demand and supply. I
mean it just -- there was just the pricing actions taken by carriers that
brought those down very, very low and they doubled -- these fairs doubled
overnight starting in mid-March. I think for us specifically, the first quarter
is always deeply seasonally weak and weak quarters affect demand to our
network, affects the pricing up into Premium Class. So as we move into the
spring and summer season, we are seeing the traditional strength that we've
always seen in these markets. But at the end of the day, the fare levels out in
the marketplace are somewhat flat give or take across the system versus last
year, and we continue to see them move. So over the next 2 or 3 weeks, we'll
learn more about where this is headed.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay, I appreciate that. And then I
wanted to follow up on the question about business-class versus your domestic
First Class. Have you guys put the 900 on the transcon routes yet? And are you
getting the relative revenue production out of the aircraft that you thought
you would? I guess more from like a square foot perspective?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Sure. We actually just -- it was only
really mid-March that we fully transferred all of JFK and Newark to Los Angeles
and San Francisco on to the ER and the 321, so -- as we get into these demand
periods. So we will get a lot more visibility to how they perform over the next
few months. So that's just really started as we speak.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Jose
Caiado with Crédit Suisse.

JOSE CAIADO DE SOUSA, RESEARCH ANALYST, CRéDIT SUISSE AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: I just have 1 quick follow-up question on the second quarter
guidance. I guess you said that you wouldn't push back on the notion that there
are some conservatism in Q2 RASM guide. But when I think back to the last
earnings call where your provided first quarter guidance, I think, there was
also an explicit statement at the time that the original Q1 forecast embedded,
less confidence in close-in pricing. So maybe that could have been
characterized as conservative at the time as well and then it obviously came in
materially worse than what you were expecting. So how were you thinking about
that in the context of this Q2 guide here, the assumptions behind close-in
specifically, just given your experience in the first quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think what we were trying to say on
the first quarter was that we saw real volatility and choppiness in the fares,
and we were just pointing that out as we -- as part of the basis of our guide,
is what we are saying, but -- and then literally days after the call, we saw
them continue down. I think what we're really saying here is, is that at the
end of the day, we feel good about what we see today, but we see fares still
move around a lot and there is a good chance that fares could continue to move
up across the industries, the demand comes in. Honestly, we have seen seats
come out close in due to the MAX groundings.

We've seen carriers pull seats out of the market. We've seen
numerous frequency reductions across our markets as late as last week into
June. So some of these things will actually help RASM going forward.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Darryl
J. Genovesi with Vertical Research.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI, PRINCIPAL, VERTICAL RESEARCH
PARTNERS, LLC: The first quarter -- the calendar first quarter was the first
quarter of year-over-year fuel decline that we've seen in a while, perhaps the
last as well. Within that construct, we had a somewhat bifurcated revenue
progression with United, Delta and American guidance holding up by-and-large
while the more domestic-oriented carriers like yourselves and Southwest and
JetBlue cetera had to cut. I knew there are some geographic differences. But
I'm also wondering the extent to which this bifurcation may also be related to
the global network carriers more mature customer segmentation efforts relative
to yours in a fuel environment that perhaps engendered some competitive pricing
behavior. Any thoughts on that, Andrew?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: I think you've confused, Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I'm not. That was -- it was an
impressive question, but I'm going to -- I'm not sure I quite understood it,
and that's. I'd take it off-line.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Better able to -- with more segmentation
history -- better able to recover higher fuel costs. That's what you're asking,
Darryl?

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Yes, basically. I know Delta and
American have had basic economy for a while. You guys just rolled yours out.
JetBlue doesn't have one yet. Southwest doesn't have one yet. The 3 of you had
to cut your guidance. United, Delta and American didn't. I'm just wondering if
there's a connection there.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Got it. I'm not sure but what I can tell
you that we have going on that others do not have going on is this, the massive
change going on in our business. We really -- we forget about this -- we just
really rolled out Premium Class last year. So we had a 23% increase in Premium
Class seats just in the first quarter. The Saver Fares having rolled out, the
fleet. So we have a lot of choppiness and noise and distraction going on a
little bit historically, just to be honest with you. So I don't know the answer
to that question. But what I do know is going forward as our business settles
down and we get a much better grasp of our levers, I'll probably have a better
answer for you next time.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Darryl, what I would add is, we believe,
Alaska has competitive advantage. So we know there's a lot going on in the
industry, but we have a great product. Everything from the Saver Fare we've
introduced, Main Cabin, premium cabin, First Class. And we don't have
lie-flats. But I think the net we cast over the customer population is pretty
large. So we feel that we can weather a lot given our low cost structure and we
just feel we're in a good place.

DARRYL J. JOHN GENOVESI: Great. And then Brandon, I mean, if
I may ask, on this 40% debt-to-cap target, can you just give us some sense of
how you came up with that target in particular, how do you go about stress
testing it. Apologies, I knew you've probably done this before, but as the
cycle gets a little bit more mature, I think it becomes more important to
understand these balance sheet metrics?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: No, no, no. It's a very fair question.
What we did was we looked at the leverage that generally high-quality
industrials keep and it's usually right around that, and then you blend that
with absolute debt balance look, you blend that with the coverage ratio look, I
think, all of that sort of works into this view of kind of 40% is a good place
for us to be. We want to maintain an investment grade balance sheet. We want to
have -- I mean, all of that, that's basically the answer.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Dan
Mckenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, FORMER RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Shane, I guess this question would be for you.
From what I can tell the Saver Fare appears to be more mechanical and less
dynamic today. First, am I correct in that characterization? And then is there
potential to be more dynamic here and how do we think about what that could
mean for revenue as we look forward here?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, Daniel, you are right. I think we've
gone out initially with a pretty sort of flat approach. We've really done it
essentially based on how far people are traveling, and I think that's really
what the industry has gone out with and more or less has stuck with. I think
there is -- we're starting to ask the same question you just asked me. Is there
a way to get a little smarter at the flight level to move the buy up around.
Our goal with this would be lots of buy up at pretty low price. We would love
to sort of maximize the economics by getting a lot of people into the main
cabin fare that's the better product. And so we want to make that buy up
attractive to folks over time. So we are very motivated to figure out how to
get more dynamic, as you say, with this but it's probably a couple of quarters
away. We really do need a little history before we start changing things a lot.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Understood, okay. I guess second
question here going back to pilot productivity, which was in the prepared
remarks. I believe it was roughly -- responsible for roughly 1/2 of the CASMex
improvement in the first quarter. Based on the second quarter cost guide, which
is unchanged here, it doesn't appear to be filtering through to the second
quarter. And I guess I'm just wondering if that's correct? Or is there some
potential upside here?

SHANE TACKETT: Dan, this is Shane. I'll take that as well. I
think this was asked by somebody earlier. In Q1, we had a number of areas that
we actually performed a little better than what our plan was. Productivity was
1 driver, and the 1 that was mentioned by Brandon was crew productivity. We had
-- we actually had good performance in a couple of other areas as well,
distribution costs, selling costs, and overhead, which I think Brandon also mentioned.
In Q2, ASMs were actually pretty low again and what I would say is we're still
fully understanding why and how we got as good versus plan, as we did on the
productivity side. And our goal is to definitely drive that through the rest of
the year, but it actually was better than we had planned. So we are just making
sure we fully understand what drove that so we can continue doing those things.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Understood, and if I can just squeeze
one last one here. Just going back to the Investor Day and the fact that you
shared around Mileage Plan members, generating 4x more revenue. Just given the
loyalty growth rates that you've highlighted, to what extent is that helping to
infect revenue today? And does that help revenue inflect more materially as we
move throughout the year? I am just wondering if you can provide more color
here as well.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Dan, it's Andrew. All of that holds
true. And I think as we've shared earlier, the strength of the loyalty shows
historically, what it does to the percentage of people we booked through
AS.com. The percentage of those folks who actually spend more on the average
fare, and as we see and as we look into California, we have been filling more
and more percentage of our seats on our aircraft with loyalty members in
California. So we're going to continue to work that and we expect to see the
same relationship between loyalty members in the Pacific Northwest, as in
California, as we move them up the value chain.

OPERATOR: Your final question comes from the line of Kevin
Crissey with Citigroup.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, FORMER DIRECTOR & SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just one quick one. We've heard it argued
that your good results from a network and revenue perspective have been traditionally
your legacy Alaska markets, and your weakest results have been your traditional
legacy Virgin routes. Can you talk to that? And maybe put another way, what
areas of Virgin network and assets are doing well?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Kevin, it's Andrew. We -- I recall and
maybe I've made, I made in earlier quarters, some very high-level comment
around that Pac Northwest versus California. We don't share that level of
detail, but what I would, going forward that was just initial half of the
acquisition. What I will share with you is that what we have squarely in focus
with all the initiatives we are doing with the cross fleeting, with the Saver
Fares, with the loyalty growth, the productivity, cost reductions is continuing
to improve the results of the California marketplace, which is as you know, a
very highly competitive marketplace. And we have seen good solid trajectory
there. We have a lot of work to do, no question, but our results continue to
improve and that's exactly what we're looking to do.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Kevin, it's Brad. I might add on that to
that a little bit. In my time here, I've seen lots of different reasons for
this company be -- reasons that were challenge for sometimes for a period of
years. When I first joined Seattle to the Bay Area -- Pacific Northwest to the
Bay Area was a challenged area. It's a highly contributing area today. When we
first went into transcon's sort of a similar experience and it's really, really
valuable part of our franchise today. Southern Cal to Mexico, if you go back a
few years was not -- was underperforming for some period of time. And so some
of these California transcon markets aren't doing what we believe they should
do. But it doesn't shake our belief in our need to be there and it doesn't
shake our belief in our competitive advantage. So we're going -- I don't know
that we'll add a ton of capacity in these markets, but we're going to stay
there. And we are going to fight it out, and we believe our company has real
competitive advantage that will be rewarded over time.

MATT GRADY: And then I think that -- Kevin, I thank you very
much for your question. I think that might've been the last question of the
day. Thank you all for our interest. We look forward to talking to you at the
end of the second quarter. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference.
This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements regarding
a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon current
expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042519a12454710.710










 EQUITY RESEARCH (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%); EXECUTIVES
(90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
ALLIANCES & PARTNERSHIPS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES
BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS
(78%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (77%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT
LEASING (73%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (91%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(68%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (67%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(67%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (91%); JPM (NYSE) (84%);
JPM (LSE) (84%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE) (84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN
(NASDAQ) (83%); C (NYSE) (83%); C (BMV) (83%); 8710 (TSE) (83%); DEUT (JSE)
(67%); DBK (FRA) (67%); DBK (BIT) (67%); DBETN (JSE) (67%); DB (NYSE) (67%); MS
(NYSE) (58%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS,
& FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%);
NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS
(91%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES,
NEC (91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
(84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL
BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS523120 SECURITIES BROKERAGE (83%); NAICS522210 CREDIT
CARD ISSUING (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (67%);
COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); PASSENGER
& CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (76%);
PAYMENT CARDS & SERVICES (76%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); REAL ESTATE
INVESTING (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); CREDIT CARDS (67%)










 ALASKA, USA (94%)










 June 6, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
24, 2019 Thursday




Copyright
2019

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2019 CCBN, Inc.

 10766 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer & Executive VP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President of Alaska Airlines
Inc. & Director

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - Former Executive VP of Finance,
CFO & Treasurer

* Kyle B. Levine

. - Chief Ethics & Compliance
Officer, Senior VP of Legal, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

* Mark G. Eliasen

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Former VP of Finance and Treasurer

* Matt Grady

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Director of IR

* Shane Tackett

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Catherine Maureen O'Brien

Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division - Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Former Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Passenger
Airlines, Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
- MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Former Executive
Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good afternoon. My name is Sia, and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Release Conference
Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback
at 

. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.
I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's Director of
Investor Relations, Matt Grady.

MATT GRADY, DIRECTOR OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Sia. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our fourth
quarter and full year 2018 earnings call and for connecting with us at this new
call time. In today's prepared remarks, our CEO, Brad Tilden, will provide an
overview of the business. Andrew Harrison, our Chief Commercial Officer, will
share an update on our revenue performance and outlook; and our CFO, Brandon
Pedersen, will discuss our results and expectations for costs and cash flows.
As usual, several other members of our management team are also on hand to help
answer your questions during the Q&A portion of the call.

This afternoon, Alaska Air Group reported fourth quarter
GAAP net income of $23 million. Excluding merger-related costs, mark-to-market
fuel hedging adjustments and special charges, Air Group reported adjusted net
income of $93 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.75, ahead of the
first call consensus. For the full year 2018, Air Group reported record
revenues of $8.3 billion, adjusted net income of $554 million and adjusted
earnings per share of $4.46.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future performance, which may differ
materially from our actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

On today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial
measures such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding fuel. And as
usual, we have provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable
GAAP and non-GAAP measures in today's earnings release.

And with that, I will turn the call over to Brad for his
opening remarks.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Hey, thanks, Matt, and good afternoon, everybody. Last month
marked the 2-year anniversary of our merger with Virgin America. As we look
back over that time, we're very happy with how far we've come. Just 24 months
ago, we were 2 airlines in complementary geographies with distinct products,
operating processes and cultures, not to mention separate FAA certificates,
labor agreements and IT systems.

Today, virtually all of that has changed. Our operating
processes are fully aligned. Substantially, all of our systems have been
merged, and all but one of our labor groups are under single collective
bargaining agreements. To be sure, everyone in our organization has navigated a
period of significant change and growth during this integration. We've also
faced material external pressures from fuel prices and competition, but we
believe the competition makes us better. And time after time, this team has
responded to competition with new strength and new capabilities.

We want to thank our terrific employees who've done so much
to bring these 2 airlines together while also continuing to deliver excellent
service and reliability to our guests. We're very proud that they've earned
$120 million in performance-based bonuses, which will be paid tomorrow, and
we're also proud that this is our 10th consecutive year with payouts that are
above our target, which, as a reminder, is 5% for most employees, 5% of pay.

We're making great progress with the integration on a number
of fronts. Culturally, our employees are coming together as a single team.
Across the fleet, our guest experience is increasingly aligned and will reach
full alignment early next year when we finish renovating the Airbus fleet.
We've already begun to swap Boeing and Airbus aircraft on the most appropriate
routes. Our flight attendants begin flying as integrated crews next week,
which, as you know, is very early compared to other airline mergers. And we're
working on the integration of our pilot schedules as we speak. All of this
means we're rapidly becoming a better version of ourselves with greater reach
and scale with the same competitive advantage we've always had and with
fantastic opportunities ahead of us.

The progress we're making is also starting to show up in our
financial results. The fourth quarter was solid and represented a turning point
in our margin trajectory. Unit revenues rose at the fastest pace we've seen
since 2011, and we expect continued RASM out-performance this year as we begin to
harvest the value of our combined platform.

At this time last year, we faced multiple headwinds from
aggressive competition, our own growth, new higher cost labor agreements and
rising fuel prices. Today, that picture looks very different. Our growth has slowed.
Newer parts of our network are maturing, and fuel prices are down. Demand
overall is solid, and we're beginning to implement the margin improvement
initiatives we laid out at Investor Day. We have good momentum heading into
2019.

Before I talk more about our future, I'd like to provide a
few details on the recent accomplishments of our people. First, our operation
continues to run very well. Our CD 0 or controllable departures leaving within
0 minutes of their scheduled time was flat at 85.5% in the fourth quarter, and
it rose 1.5% for all of 2018 to 86.6%. Second, momentum is building at Horizon,
where our productivity is improving and where our on-time performance was the
best in the regional industry last year. Third, we've integrated 95% of our integration
milestones, and the remaining items, once completed, will improve the
productivity and efficiency of our network. Fourth, we've repainted 39 of 71
Airbus aircraft and will repaint the remainder of the fleet over the next few
months. Interior renovations are also underway, and our first refurbished
Airbus aircraft entered service 2 weeks ago. Fifth, our balance sheet is strong
and getting stronger. We've now repaid $866 million or 42% of our
merger-related debt, and we ended 2018 with an adjusted debt-to-cap ratio of
47%. And finally, roughly half our employees have completed our Flight Path
program, thus far, and the remainder are scheduled to do so by April 30. As a
reminder, Flight Path is a series of face-to-face workshops we're conducting with
our people. It's a mix of presentations, open-and-honest dialogue and
interactive activities focused on Alaska's culture and future. These sessions
are helping us come together as a team, something that's been so important to
our historical success. And we intend to continue doing this sort of thing in
the years ahead.

Many of you have asked us about how recent economic
forecasts and market volatility might impact us this year. As you all know, we
like to focus our energy internally. Nevertheless, we will say that, not unlike
other airlines, near-term bookings suggest modestly more revenue uncertainty in
the first quarter compared to the fourth as we move through the year's seasonal
trough period. But in general, demand is solid, and we have not seen any dramatic
shifts in the marketplace. Andrew will elaborate more on market conditions in a
moment.

Most importantly, we're determined as a leadership team to
stay clearly focused on factors we control to deliver consistent value for our
guests, employees, communities and shareholders. We believe that if we do this,
we'll produce strong relative margins and returns regardless of the industry
environment, and that's our primary financial goal. For 2019, this means
delivering on the $330 million of revenue initiatives and synergies that we've
detailed for you and hitting our operational and cost objectives. Andrew and
Brandon will talk more about these in a moment.

Summarizing and taking into account our general expectation
for the industry, our multiyear goal is to produce profit margins, which
average 13% to 15% over the business cycle by improving performance in the
controllable parts of our operation. We believe we can and will do this as we
unlock the value of our newly combined platform. And since lower capacity
growth supports us in this process, we believe our plan to increase capacity 2%
this year and by 3% to 4% next year is the right plan. We're on the road to
delivering higher margins in 2019 and 2020 as we work with our people to
leverage Alaska's substantial competitive advantage over a route network that
now has greater reach and scale. With most of the integration now behind us, we
look forward to doing just that in the quarters and years ahead.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER & EXECUTIVE VP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good
afternoon, everyone. Total revenue for the fourth quarter rose 6% to $2.1
billion on capacity growth of 1.1%. RASM increased 5.2%, which was our largest
increase in several years. Slower capacity growth and a more stable competitive
environment provided a favorable backdrop, while the network, brand and loyalty
investments we have made to activate the Virgin America acquisition began to yield
strong results. As we outlined for you at Investor Day, this positive momentum
should continue into 2019 as we further enhance our revenue production through
synergy capture and accretive initiatives.

Before turning to our future plans, I would like to provide
some additional color on our fourth quarter results. First, same-store markets
or markets in operation longer than 1 year represented 97% of our capacity and
contributed positive 5.7 points to RASM. Strong close-in demand and yields
across most of our network due in part to the strong growth in business volumes
delivered roughly 2/3 of the increase, while accretive network adjustments made
earlier in the year and strong Mileage Plan revenues contributed to the
balance. We were especially pleased with the strength in business traffic,
considering, historically, we've had a much stronger orientation towards the
leisure traveler.

Next, developing markets, these are markets in operation
between 1 and 3 years, contributed about a positive 70 basis points to RASM.
These markets are a subgroup within our same stores and represented about 7% of
capacity in the fourth quarter. They include the routes launched in 2017 that
created a headwind for us over the last year. Today, these markets are comping
positively with RASM, up 10% on improved yields and load factor. We continue to
be pleased with the development of these routes.

And then finally, new markets or markets in operation less
than 12 months represented just 3% of capacity in the fourth quarter and had a
negative 50 basis point impact to RASM.

As mentioned last quarter, the Hawaii market is navigating a
period of elevated capacity and weak pricing. West Coast ASMs to Hawaii rose 8%
in the fourth quarter. Yields were down year-on-year and had a 125 basis point
impact on our fourth quarter RASM, and that's consistent with our guidance.
Though we expect yield weaknesses to continue this year, we believe strong
growth in our loyalty program, the introduction of Saver Fares and our low
fares, high-value positioning will enable us to weather the near-term
environment better than our competitors.

And speaking of competitive positioning, we're continuing to
enhance our product offering. We have a number of upgrades planned for 2019
that will drive continued momentum for our brand and will translate to higher
guest preference and stronger revenue growth over time. To name just a few of
these improvements, first one, we're deploying satellite internet with 20x the
bandwidth of our current offering on 125 aircraft this year. We're installing
next-generation interiors on 1/3 of our mainline fleet. We're launching a
reimagined food and beverage program, along with continued expansion of our
in-flight entertainment offering. We're adding more Embraer 175 aircraft. They
now represent approximately 60% of our regional feet and are equipped with
First-Class and Premium-Class seating, in-flight entertainment and Internet
connectivity. And finally, we're upgrading our lounges and opening a new
flagship lounge in Seattle, which will offer handcrafted coffee beverages and
premium food for purchase. All of these enhancements have been engineered to
deliver high value for our guests at relatively low costs and will stand on
their own from a P&L perspective.

As our product improves, we are also highly focused on
delivering the $330 million in incremental revenues from synergies and
self-help initiatives this year, which we outlined at Investor Day. Let me give
you a quick update on each of these. First, Saver Fare, which competes with
basic economy offerings at other airlines, is arguably the most important of
our initiatives and is on track to deliver at least $100 million this year. Our
November product test went smoothly and enabled us to refine our processes and
technology before rolling it out network-wide, which we did on January 7.
Though the product is still new, early results are encouraging and have tracked
ahead of our expectations. We look forward to updating you more fully on
Saver's progress in the near future once it's had time to mature and related
revenues have ramped near their run-rate level, which we anticipate by Q2.

Second, we have several ancillary revenue initiatives
underway. Our recent bag fee increase worth $50 million annually is also new to
market and should reach its run-rate by the second quarter. Other ancillary
initiatives, such as the exit road sales and change fees, they remain on track
to deliver a further $50 million this year.

And then third, our ability to capture revenue synergies is
accelerating now that key commercial integration projects are behind us. In Q4,
we crossed the Boeing and Airbus aircraft on a handful of routes, but that
number will increase significantly in the first quarter before reaching its
2019 run-rate in Q2.

Our loyalty program also continues to perform at a very
strong level with revenues, which is redemption and credit card, up 17% for the
fourth quarter. That's quite remarkable results on a 1.1% capacity increase.

Looking to our first quarter, competitive capacity growth is
similar to Q4 at 4.2%. Our own capacity growth will be modest at 1.2%, and we
expect it to remain around this level through the second quarter before rising
above 3% in the second half of the year. For the full year, we still expect
ASMs to increase approximately 2%.

In terms of revenue guidance, we established a Q1 RASM
guidance range this afternoon of up 2.5% to 4.5%, continuing the year-over-year
gains we saw in the fourth quarter. Though this guidance includes a meaningful
tailwind from our ramping synergies and initiatives, it nevertheless shows a
modest deceleration versus the fourth quarter for 3 reasons. First, Q1
year-over-year comparison is 200 basis points more difficult than Q4 of '18.
120 basis points of RASM has moved into the second quarter with the holiday
shift. And then volatility in filed fares has increased in both the positive
and negative direction since late Q4. Since Q1 is our seasonally weakest
quarter, we have put a bit less confidence in close-in pricing behind our Q1
forecast than we saw in the fourth quarter. Despite these impacts, we expect
our Q1 RASM will outperform the industry by a wide margin as it did in the
fourth quarter and as we expect it will do consistently this year as we
leverage the significant self-help opportunities of our commercial plan.

Bottom line, we're entering the year with positive revenue
momentum, which is a big change from this time last year. Delivering margin
improvement through higher RASM continues to be the commercial team's #1
priority in 2019. And we are confident, we'll achieve it as we exploit new
revenue sources that are largely within our control.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, FORMER EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE, CFO
& TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew. Hey, everyone. As
you've seen, Air Group posted a fourth quarter adjusted net income of $93
million or $0.75 per share, bringing our full year adjusted net income to $554
million or $4.46 per share.

Return on invested capital was 9.4% or 140 basis points
above our cost of capital. At $8.26 billion, this was Air Group's highest
revenue year ever, certainly something to be proud of, but overall, our
financial results are not where we want them to be.

We finished 2018 on a very positive note. After several
quarters of significant margin declines, our fourth quarter margin of 6.2% was
roughly 100 basis points below prior year. And the lower tax rates resulted in
net income and earnings per share actually improving year-over-year.

RASM strength nearly offset both higher fuel and nonfuel
costs, this despite elevated Q4 CASMex on the lowest capacity growth of the
year, combined with a high-level of maintenance activity and a jump in
depreciation from the 11 new E175s we took delivery during the final 4 months
of the year. It's worth noting that our Q4 cost performance was better than our
initial guidance despite us having completed fewer ASMs than planned.

As Brad said, the strong finish resulted in our people
earning $120 million of performance-based pay, or PBP, which translates to more
than 6.5% of pay for the vast majority of our employees. PBP pays based on
achieving financial, safety, loyalty and guest satisfaction goals. It's also
unique in our industry because it aligns every employee, regardless of role or
level, around the same set of goals. When combined with our operational rewards
program, which pays when we meet monthly goals, we shared more than $147
million with our people in 2018.

And we're proud of this payout because it's an example of
how we're trying to run the business in a balanced way that benefits all of our
stakeholders. We're providing good wages and benefits to our people and sharing
$147 million of incentive pay with them for hitting important goals. Our guests
are getting low fares and an improving product, and our owners are getting a
larger dividend that I'll talk about in a few minutes.

The fourth quarter marks a turning point in our earnings
trajectory and underscores the shift in focus we've made from network expansion
to business optimization and on generating higher margins. And although we have
a lot of work left to do, Q4 was an important step in the right direction. For
the full year, unit costs rose about 3% on 5% capacity growth, outperforming
our early 2018 guidance of 3.5% CASM increase on a 6.5% growth in capacity.
It's worth viewing 2018 unit costs in light of step-function increase in labor
cost that we absorbed last year. Agreements we amended added 300 basis points
to our unit costs. This headwind aside, CASMex would have been about flat in
2018.

Teams across the company deserve a shout-out for executing
some of the most complex integration milestones last year while also delivering
the kind of back-to-basics cost performance that has been a competitive
advantage for us. As we guided at Investor Day, 2019 nonfuel costs will be up
2% to 2.5% on about 2% ASM growth. This is an exceptionally strong cost plan
considering the low ASM growth and the roughly 120 basis points of headwind we
expect from a higher mix of regional flying this year.

One important element of our 2019 cost plan is aggressively
working to improve terms we have with our business partners and consolidating
our purchasing efforts across multiple spend categories. Our supply chain team
is leading this effort, and I want to acknowledge our business partners who
have already come to the table and stress for them the importance of this
campaign to our near-term success. We're looking for long-term partners who can
help us reduce cost today in exchange for future opportunities to grow their
business with us.

Our guidance does not include the impact of any new labor
deals we may complete in 2019. We're in active negotiations with the
International Association of Machinists, which represents our fantastic customer
service, reservations and ramp service agents as well as other employees and
support functions, and we remain in discussions with the Aircraft Mechanics
Fraternal Association representing our aircraft technicians. We hope to secure
ratified deals with these groups; and as we do, we will update our cost
guidance accordingly.

Our update this morning provides expected unit cost
performance by quarter. Let me touch on the first quarter, where we expect
CASMex to increase by about 5%. There's some information on our investor update
that should help investors understand it, but in a nutshell, here's a quick
summary. First, on the cost side of the equation, there are several timing
events that create tough year-over-year quarterly comps in the first quarter of
the year. Those are: First, aircraft maintenance is significantly front loaded
this year compared to back loaded in 2018; second, the depreciation impact of
the 11 E175s that we took in the last 4 months of the year; and third, our
Flight Path employee workshops, which ran from last fall and go through late
April.

On the capacity side of the equation, it's our lowest growth
quarter of the year, and that growth is heavily weighted to higher CASM
regional flying. Big picture, our cost will be up in the first half of the year
but should be about flat in the second half of the year. Our teams worked hard
on the 2019 cost plan, and I have confidence in their ability to deliver on it
especially after the great performance in 2018.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with
$1.24 billion in cash. Total cash flow from operations for the year was $1.3
billion ex merger-related costs, while net CapEx was about $960 million over
the same period, resulting in roughly $370 million of free cash flow, again ex integration
costs.

Operating cash flow, of course, should improve in 2019,
although the increase will be tempered somewhat by the higher cash tax rate.
Our current expectation is 19%. However, CapEx declines to $750 million with
lower fleet growth, so free cash flow should still increase materially versus
2018.

And we're sharing some of that immediately with our owners.
As you've seen, today, we announced the sixth increase to our dividend since we
initiated it in 2013. We're raising our dividend by 9% to $0.35 per share per
quarter or $1.40 per year, representing about $175 million of cash that will be
paid to our owners and increasing our yield to about 2.1%. We're also planning
to repurchase about $50 million of our stock in 2019, essentially offsetting dilution.
However, this plan is flexible.

Our #1 capital allocation priority continues to be
fortifying our already strong balance sheet. In 2018 alone, we reduced
on-balance sheet debt by $470 million. With leases, our year-end adjusted debt
to cap stood at 47%, 6 points better than at the end of 2017 and fully 12
points lower than the end of 2016. We expect to achieve our leverage target of
debt to cap in the low to mid-40% range by the end of the 2019.

Here are 4 other data points that underscore our balance
sheet strength: First, Fitch recently reaffirmed our investment-grade credit
rating; Second, we have 95 unencumbered aircraft valued at about $1.7 billion;
Third, we have $400 million of undrawn credit facilities; and finally, our
defined benefit pension plans, which have all been closed to new entrants since
January of 2010, are 84% funded. Our long-term owners tell us they value a
conservative balance sheet, and it's been a hallmark of our past success.

Let me close by reiterating a theme you've heard several
times today. We're working hard to improve the financial returns this business
is generating. We've shared with you our longer term goal of achieving a 13% to
15% margin, and 2019 should be a nice down payment on that. Our top line will
benefit from merger synergies, slower growth, maturing markets and new revenue
initiatives. Our loyalty is growing. Our onboard product is becoming more
consistent. Our class plan is aggressive but achievable. Our fleet is fuel
efficient. Fuel prices are reasonable, and our balance sheet is strong. And
this team is very optimistic about what 2019 holds.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) The first question will
come from Savi Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: The first question on the
transatlantic. Just trying to understand, with the fleet changes, I realize
that it's still pretty early stage with kind of swapping the Boeing and the
Airbus aircraft. I'm wondering if what the core underlying trend is in the
transatlantic and the markets where you have swapped, if you're kind of seeing
the improvement you would have expected.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Savi, it's Andrew. Essentially -- yes,
I'm -- essentially, as we said in the prepared remarks, we pretty much effected
the cross fleeting that we wanted to do, especially in the New York area. I
think what we see here, traditionally, Q1 is our weakest quarter. And so we're
-- actually, what we've done is we've added capacity in a trough period on the
transcon. So we really expect to see the real benefit from this really start to
kick in, in March and going forward. So we feel really good about these
changes, and they are a key part, of course, our revenue synergies for 2019.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: And on the capacity front, I know
it's still early on in the year, but I noticed that kind of 2020 was kind of
updated from like 4% to 3% to 4%. Just wondering how you're thinking about capacity
and what the flexibility is, especially with kind of fuel pulling back but I
know a lot of uncertainty here on the macro front. Just high-level thoughts on
growth here.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Again, this is Andrew. I think one
of the things, that we feel good about the capacity increase for this year. As
you know, we give a range. I think one of the things that for 2020 is also
looking at what happens to the environment, how's that going to continue on,
where are we at with our revenue generation. And of course, we have also --
with multiple fleets, we have pilots that are going through training. So pilots
will be another key area that we need to look at with the -- will have a
marginal effect on our growth getting people through the training houses we
continue to grow.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Michael Linenberg
with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess, 2 questions here.
Andrew, you called out the weakness in Hawaii. I think you said that was like
125 basis points of RASM headwind in the fourth quarter. How is that trending
into the March quarter? Is it similarly under pressure? Or is it -- are we
seeing some improvement?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, I think for modeling, you might
want to just carry that forward into the first quarter. Capacity is less
elevated in the first quarter but also, given, especially geography-wise the
first quarter, especially for California, is a weaker time. So I would just
carry forward the same weakness that you saw that we advised in the fourth into
the first and then, interesting as we get into the stronger months. And
capacity growth has started to slow, and we'll see where we go from there.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And then just one other
question. I think at -- or not even I think. At your Investor Day, you kind of
hinted at or maybe even said that it seems like, at the end of the day, that
joining oneworld would make a lot of sense for Alaska. And yet, when I look at
just the partnerships that you announced over the last quarter or 2 with Japan
Airlines, Aer Lingus, Finnair, Fiji, many of those companies are either in
oneworld or associated with oneworld. At some point, does it -- would it be
better off for you just to have lots of bilateral relationships with oneworld
carriers and not go through all of the maybe complications and pain of joining
the alliance maybe like what Aer Lingus is doing, where they're taking that
approach, where they're going into the JV, but for now, they're keeping
oneworld on the side? I mean, what's better for you from kind of Alaska's
perspective?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Mike, I'm going to put you on my
alliance team because I'm very impressed with your detailed knowledge of our alliance
business. That was impressive. I think, yes, what we've mentioned was really
talking about oneworld connect. We're not considering a full membership. So
connect is a much lighter version, and you still need your bilaterals. So -- I
mean, but your point's a very fair one. I think if you look at our portfolio,
the majority of our partners are oneworld partners, where we have good
bilateral agreements with them, and we also have some independents. So I think
as we look at this, again, we're very much just in the research phase, but
we're just looking to see if there is any benefit with all our partners,
including American. But if there's not, we think we've got a good strategy as
it stands today.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Andrew Didora with
Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: First question maybe a little bit of a bigger picture question maybe
for Andrew. But how have you seen maybe your booking curve change since
integrating Virgin America? Have you seen it move out further? That gives you a
little bit more visibility? Or is it just more closer and -- given the
corporate focus there? And I guess as a follow-up to that, how have you had to
adjust some of your revenue management practices because of that change in
booking curve?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I might start it off, and I know Shane
oversaw that for a long time. But I will say that a lot of the changes we made
to any of the booking curves, we made earlier on. Virgin America used to take a
lot of bookings more closer in. Our traditional comfort level was to take them
further out, and so we adjusted our booking practices there. But certainly, we
fly a lot more transcon markets now that are very, very competitive. And so the
JFK-LA is a classic example. So we've had to adjust how we look at that and how
we book that. But I don't know, Shane, if you've got any other commentary to
add.

SHANE TACKETT: Thanks, Andrew. I would just add -- I mean,
Andrew nailed it spot on. The real trade-off is if you hold out for yield or
not and then you sort of hope that it comes. And when it doesn't, you feel bad
about your strategy; and when it does, you feel great. And we traditionally
like to manage that just further out the booking curve. So we have seen the
California booking curve get a little bit longer. But the downside of all of
these changes is whenever you change your approach, you usually get a little
bit wrong out of the gate, which gives you an opportunity to optimize. So I
think part of what you're seeing now too is just us getting smarter and smarter
about this market and managing it better.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: And then my second question, probably
for Brad. You had mentioned Horizon in your prepared remarks, and that's
clearly an entity that continues to drive your growth into 2019 but then kind
of eases as you get later in the year. I think it's about a year or so ago you
made some of the management changes at Horizon. Can you maybe talk to how those
changes have performed versus your expectations and what initiatives you have
for Horizon as you look through -- look into 2019?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks, Andrew. Thanks very much for
asking that question. A little bit of history, we -- despite the fact that
Horizon has been part of Air Group for 37 years now, we -- there actually has
not been nearly enough sort of management back and forth between the 2
companies over most of those years. And so you end up with cultures that were
more different than we were comfortable with. We did get ourselves into a mess
operationally 1.5 years ago. And Gary Beck, who's sitting in the room right
now, came back after a super successful tenure as Alaska's Vice President of
flight operations to become CEO of Horizon. And he took Constance von Muehlen
with him, took John Hornibrook, Brooke Vatheuer and [Colonel Sandejas], a
terrific team of leaders, and I think the turnaround at Horizon has been
stunning. They are totally fine with -- and it's not that the industry doesn't
have something -- has to work on in Alaska. Pilot attraction's something we all
need to think about. But I was actually down in the schoolhouse a week ago or I
guess it was a week ago today and was super impressed by what I saw. And I just
want to say this leadership team's done an incredible job. They've also -- a
lot's going on with their fleet. Gary, you're up to 26 E175s, so in a short
period of time, you've gone from being an all Q400 operator to pretty soon
you'll be 30, 30, 30 E175s and 30 Q400s. So thanks for the easy question,
Andrew, and it's a chance to heap a little praise on a group of people that
have done just a fantastic job.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just with respect to your commentary
about more conservatism with respect to close-in. Are the off-peak periods
behaving differently into the first quarter than they did in the fourth quarter
sort of ex shutdown impact if there's a way to isolate that? Or is it just sort
of conservatism given the fact that the March quarter is highly dependent upon
March?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think, really, the off-peak
periods where there's really not a lot of demand and you see this across the
industry. Just the fares go down to the lowest levels. And really, January and
February, apart from -- after the first week of January and then Martin Luther
King Day and a few others, January and February are really quite weak. So
really -- and this has just been history for us. But I'd shared previously with
the acquisition of Virgin America, our first quarter got heavier again as far
as our weakest period. And so we continue to work on that. As far as government
shutdown goes per se, we have not seen any material impact at all to-date as it
relates to fares and travel, although, down the road, and if Ben wants to
comment that if the -- this continues that there will be some real challenges
operationally.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC. &
DIRECTOR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: No, Andrew, it's exactly that. Everyone
across the country sees challenges along the TSA front and we're just hopeful
this thing gets solved soon and things get back on track.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: But just to clarify, you had some
off peak in the fourth quarter as well. Were you not seeing that in the fourth
quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So what happened -- and I think this is
general we have seen, but there was good fare momentum in the fourth quarter.
And then we sort of got in coming up to Christmas where the fares all collapse
and came down. Business came down as the industry tried to fill seats coming up
to Christmas in the softer period. The business fares have sort of come back.
The leisure fares took a little longer to come back. So again, even as we look
at fare filings and the industries putting 4% more capacity in general in the
first quarter, I think it's still finding its way. And so I think what I'm
really trying to say is there was a little more confidence in the fourth
quarter just with the stability, as we moved into the first quarter and saw
what happened over the Christmas holiday season and the fare filing activity in
the first couple of weeks of January, which has been a little bit more cautious
about where this going to settle out.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: Fair enough. And then just can
you give us an update on your thinking and analysis with respect to potentially
moving to a single-fleet type down the road?

MARK G. ELIASEN, FORMER VP OF FINANCE AND TREASURER, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: This is Mark Eliasen. As you know, we've got 37 mainline
planes on order. So we're looking at the fleets. We've said for a long time
that the question is whether we return to all Boeing or we continue with a mix
of 321neos and a Boeing fleet. But we don't have to make that decision right
away. We're growing at 8 airplanes a year. You can see that we're 37, we've got
some time to do it. So we're learning a lot about Airbus as we operate that
airplane. We're learning a lot about the 321neo and the way Airbus supports its
customers and its launch customers. So as we evaluate the plane, we'll be able
to make a good decision, and we're looking forward to that decision.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Helane Becker
with Cowen.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So Andrew, this time around, you didn't
talk too much about your frequent flyer program and your credit card
acquisitions in the fourth quarter, and I was just wondering if there -- you
could just give us a little update on that or if it's gotten to the point where
acquisitions slowed.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No. Thanks, Helane. It's -- that's a
very fair question. I mean, the reality is that the trend that I've been sharing
all year has continued. I think I'm just feeling a little bit like continuing
to be very -- highly transparent about that program is probably -- doesn't
serve us well in the long run. I think initially we did that just as -- a lot
of the concerns over the brand and the Virgin America and the integration. We
wanted to just make sure people felt really solid about our program and
embedded, has continued to perform. And as I made in my prepared remarks, the
fourth quarter revenues for Mileage Plan, which includes credit card and
redemptions, was about 13%. And so it was very, very quite significant.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: I love competing
with Michael Linenberg, so I'll be submitting my resume to the alliance team as
well. Just turning to the Q1 RASM guide, it's obviously helped by the high
level of regional flying, you've cited the Easter shift, which also bodes well
for the second quarter. But ordinarily as that regional contribution wanes in
the second half, you'd expect RASM trends would moderate somewhat as well. I
mean, that's just kind of the math. I'm not asking you to necessarily endorse that.
I am trying to understand though whether you believe that your revenue
initiatives could offset that phenomenon, which, in turn, would suggest that
quarter-to-quarter RASM trends would be reasonably consistent with one another
throughout the year. Any thoughts on that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Thanks. That -- you can go to the RM
department with that question. But -- so a couple of things, the -- on the
regional side, a lot of the new markets that we've been growing and these
maturing markets were all in the regional side of the house. And also, with all
these new regional aircraft, they're actually adding -- I think our First Class
ASMs are actually up 8% -- excuse me, our revenues are up 8% for the First
Class cabin, 6% growth. So the regional fleet, although -- it does have higher
unit revenues but was also bringing a lot of Premium Class cabin as well, which
we want to continue to sell. I think -- so I still see upside as we continue to
mature the markets that the regional network is flying, and we bring more and
more First Class product into the market and Premium Class. And then to your
other point though, first quarter, if you look at our revenue initiatives,
whether it was the first bag fee, which came out December 7, Saver Fare came
out January 7, the cross fleeting, which I referred to earlier, we're on a very
steep ramp-up during the first quarter. So we still have a lot of confidence in
the revenue initiatives, but it's really the second quarter and beyond that
they will really take full hold. Then, you'll really start to see them come
through our unit revenue guidance.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: And second, just on the choppiness in
regards to close-in pricing and this follows somewhat on Duane's question. But
did you afford, maybe I missed it, any geographic commentary around those
comments? Is it broad based? Was it SoCal? Transcon? I mean, the comments did
catch me a little bit by surprise, so maybe just a little bit of additional
geographic color if any.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think in -- just depending on the
markets, but in general, I think we saw that across the system as it related to
-- and it's in varying degrees depending on the market. But I think if you go
take a look, the industry has been very active in fares. And you just look back
in even December through to January, there's been a lot of fare adjustments
coming up and down. And again, just given our network and where we compete,
we're just being a little bit cautious with that because it'll -- forward pulls
but nothing specific geographic that would drive any specific comment there.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Rajeev Lalwani with
Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, FORMER EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY,
RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, actually, just picking up on some of the last couple
of questions as far as the volatility in close-in fares. What do you attribute
it to? I mean, you've been doing it for a while. Does it maybe indicate that
there's a problem with demand coming or there is competitive issues? Just some
thoughts given your history.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Rajeev, I just think that really --
again, I'm only speaking from our corner of the world, and you've seen
everyone's guidance as we go into the first quarter. I just think there's --
there was a pretty decent shift between -- as we went up to the Christmas
period and then people getting ready for the first quarter and especially,
January and February, and we just saw a lot of fare activity. Fuel has also
been moving around a lot, so we're just being very active. I'm not saying it's
actually good or bad. It's just a little volatile. So as we look ahead, we
expect things to calm down, especially as we start to move into the back end of
the first quarter and moving to a more solid period in the second.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. And then on lower fuel, I think the
last time around, we saw a big move down. Alaska pushed capacity growth, I
think, a decent amount. Why isn't that in the cards for this year? And then
relating to that -- this might be for Brandon. I mean, should you keep a lot of
the benefit around fuel? Does that mean you can maybe start a buyback program
before the end of the year?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: So Rajeev, you're asking with lower fuel,
why aren't we growing more, just to make sure I understand your question?

RAJEEV LALWANI: Yes, yes. And you've done that historically,
right? That was a couple of years ago.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. I think what -- And just to be very
-- maybe just to take a step back and get everybody on -- up to speed with how
we're thinking about things, we are a higher growth airline. That's been our
history. We bought Virgin America. We added a huge amount of capacity following
that to sort of activate those markets. And the language I would use is we've
throttled back here to -- and now to enable the markets an opportunity to catch
up a little bit. And also, it's -- there's a lot going on internally here as we
get pilots moving around training, getting the right pilots trained on the
right aircraft. There's aircraft going through interior mods that sort of
affect pilot supply by aircraft type as well. So I just think the way to think
of it now is 2% this year. We're just sort of settling in a little bit. I think
this is the wrong call to ask us really about growth in 2020 and beyond. We're
not locked in on 3% to 4%. What we're saying is this is the right amount of
growth for us right now as we look at our business. As we get into the summer
months, if we think -- and you know this is how we think. If we can -- if we
believe we can create incremental values, value for the owners of this business
by growing, we will grow as we've done over the years. And I -- personally, I'm
optimistic -- I do -- we all believe in our competitive advantage. I believe in
our route network, all of that. I think we're going to find those conditions.
But when we find them, whether it's summer -- I don't think we really want to
be put in that box right now but that's how we're looking at the world.
Brandon, I think there was a related question on, if we didn't grow, would we
buy back more stock, and I'll let you answer that.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: I think the question Rajeev is, if I
heard it correctly, was if cash flows turn out to be stronger, then maybe we're
expecting because of the lower fuel prices, would we start doing more
repurchase with that excess cash flow. And the answer is maybe. In the prepared
remarks, we said we were going to repurchase $50 million of stock this year,
but we also said this plan is flexible. And people should know this plan is
flexible. We're really focused on the fortress balance sheet that we had and
getting back to it. We're damn close. But if we want to do more share buyback
with excess cash flow, we certainly have the ability.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Catherine O'Brien with
Goldman Sachs.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN, EQUITY ANALYST, GOLDMAN SACHS
GROUP INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: So I'm not sure I'm prepared to throw my hat in
the ring with Mike and Jamie there, but I also have a question on Global
Partners. So at the Investor Day, and correct me from wrong, but I believe you
mentioned that you consider selling partner airline tickets without an Alaska
connection in the future. Do you have any update here? I think you said it
could be as early as this year.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Catie, nice to hear from you. Thanks for
your question. So we are continuing that route. And in fact, we are actually
testing that as we speak. In fact, if you were to maybe look up San Francisco
to Sydney on Qantas on alaskaair.com, you would actually find a flight. We're
not heavily marketing that right now as there's limitations to it. You can't
buy First Class or Premium Class yet and a few other things. But we are well
into our trials with our partners and talking to many of our partners about
starting to sell their metal on alaskaair.com.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: Really interesting. And then I
would assume -- would that be above the $330 million in initiatives you've got
going for this year?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Well, that's an interesting question.
Here's what I will say is that we have loyalty, and we have initiatives around
loyalty. And of course, selling internationally is going to be part of that
portfolio. In fact, our code share on interline traffic actually increased 9%
in the first quarter. And so our network working with our partners has actually
been a real asset for us, so...

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: But the real strategy there Catie is to
grow our loyalty program and sort of grow -- be able to be a one-stop shop a
full-service provider. I don't think that selling Qantas is going to be --
bring huge incremental revenue to Alaska, but being a one-stop shop for our
customers does have big value to us as a business.

CATHERINE MAUREEN O'BRIEN: And I'd like to just maybe ask
one quick follow-up. What inning would you say we're in just in terms of
network refinement, cross fleeting, all of the initiatives like you kind of had
to get under your belt after the reservation system cutover last fall -- excuse
me, last spring?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Hey, Catie, it's Ben Minicucci. Great
question. I think, as you heard from the tone of the call, we're feeling pretty
darn optimistic coming out of Q4. We're 2 years into this integration. What's
up this year? It's still not all complete, but we've got -- we're going
downhill. That's the way I would describe it. So whether it's a seventh inning,
eighth inning, we're going downhill. We got some major systems still to
integrate. Like our dispatch system, pilot crew scheduling, maintenance systems
are big ones. And from a customer standpoint, it's just converting all these
Airbus to the Alaska interior and getting that complete. So by the end of the
year, we're done, but we're just -- we feel like we've got the wind at our
back, and we're going downhill. We're feeling pretty good.

OPERATOR: The next question is from Hunter Keay with Wolfe
Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF PASSENGER
AIRLINES, AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: This is -- this Love
Field situation is becoming kind of a mess between Southwest and Delta, and you
guys are kind of caught in the middle of it. So a couple questions around this.
Does the settlement from the Virgin merger contain any contingency language
that allows you to leave that place if operating conditions change there, that
if this legal case takes a weird turn like some sort of MAC clause? And then
how core is that airport to you guys in the long run in the event that happens?

KYLE B. LEVINE, CHIEF ETHICS & COMPLIANCE OFFICER,
SENIOR VP OF LEGAL, GENERAL COUNSEL AND CORPORATE SECRETARY, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Hunter, this is Kyle. I'll take the first one and turn it back to Andrew.
Our consent decree with the Justice department does allow us to move on from
those gates if -- whatever our wish to do so. The circumstances around that
just generally are a court could order us to have that outcome or we could go
propose a solution to Justice and they would have a right of refusal over it.
But as far as the Dallas Love Field litigation goes, that's not our wish at
all. We view those as important property that we purchased from Virgin America.
We want to take a good shot at it. And even though we're cooperating with the
judges -- with the judge and the other parties, we're standing firm.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, that's good enough. And then,
Brandon or Matt, how many employees of yours listen to these earnings calls?
And how has that changed over the last 12 months if you sort of adjust for
growth in headcount?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Hunter, I would say most. Do we have
that data?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Yes, I don't know if we have numbers. But
Hunter, I think -- it's Ben. When I talk to our folks, I think there's just
pockets of people who are really interested. They actually own a lot of shares
in Alaska. We got a great ESOP program that they participate in. I know our
union leaders, to be honest, when we talk to them, they're also listening on
the call, so -- and then, to be honest, right after we do this, we rush over to
the airport here in about an hour and we do an entire webcast. We've kind of
summarize what we talked about with all our employees. And then we have, what,
2,000, 3,000 people, so 3,000 people listening in. So that's kind of how we
think about it.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: How about share ownership to -- while
we're talking about this sort of thing. Do we -- I saw something recently. Do
we -- do you guys know that figure? It is pretty high, percentage of our
employees that own shares in the company. I -- personally, Hunter, I'm not
positive how many listen to the analyst call. It -- there are some that do. But
then this webcast, they would be a lot more connected to and...

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Stories on our Internet.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Yes, I'm just wondering if -- the nature
of the question was I'm kind of wondering if, during the struggles with the
stock and the margins, if you found a lot more employees dialing in to these
calls over the last 12, 18 months or so and whether that's an indicator of sort
of morale or confidence or anything like that. But...

BENITO MINICUCCI: No, Hunter, but I'll tell you, we talk
about it openly. We have these Flight Path workshops that Brad talked about.
And when we talk about running a balanced business about taking care of
employees and customers and shareholders and communities, when we get to the
shareholders, we say, look, we've been under pressure, honestly, in the last 12
months, and our job is to get the stock price to a place where we can provide
good returns for our owners. So we are totally transparent with our employees
about that, and they understand.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Dan McKenzie with
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, FORMER RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Just one housecleaning question on the Saver
Fares. Where are you guys at with respect to that average upsell differential
today?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So we've not really spoken about that. I
think we're only like 2.5 weeks into it. But as we said on our prepared
remarks, we're very pleased with how it's tracking. And the $100 million that
we shared with you, we're very, very confident that, that will be met this
year. And on the next quarter call, we'll give more of an out brief on that.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: I see, okay. And then, of course, at the
risk of kicking the dead horse here, just kind of going back to the choppy
fares on off-peak demand kind of spread across the network, should we be
thinking that there -- that potentially is the link between lower fuel and
lower revenue potentially leading to some of that choppiness? Or is it just
overcapacity? I guess I'm trying just to get a little bit more clarity. And I
guess, just related to this, how much of the benefit from lower fuel do you
think Alaska can capture this year? Is it 100% of the benefit, 75% or something
potentially a lot less than that as we kind of think about rolling through the
year here?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So just on the first one, again, I want
to make sure I don't overplay this choppiness. I think, really, what I've been
saying is that just given the switch from the fourth quarter and then into the
first quarter and the capacity increases that we're seeing industry-wide, I
think there's just been active fair management with the fuel moving around. But
I think, at the end of the day, we're still seeing strong demand. Our business
demand is very, very strong as well. So that's sort of just where we are on
that. I don't know, Brandon or Shane want to add to the fuel question.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, go ahead, Shane.

SHANE TACKETT: I think it's anybody's guess at this point,
and it really probably comes down to what happens with fares as you move
through the quarter into March and beyond.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: I see. Okay. And then I just had one
more follow-up here, and that just reverts to an earlier question I think maybe
from Catie here. But in the past, you guys have talked about connecting --
revenue from connecting widebodies coming into San Francisco from the partners,
I guess passengers connecting at San Francisco from partners, going onto your
metal. I'm just wondering if you can elaborate a little bit more on that? What
are you seeing? Is it material at this point? And is that something that can
get turned on more fully as we kind of move through the year here?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, as Brad shared earlier, the real
benefit to Alaska and our loyalty program is not so much the incremental
passenger getting off a widebody. It's really more our loyalty members getting
access to long-haul flights. They stay in our program. They accrue miles on us.
They pay tickets on our partners. That helps our partners. So it's a really
good, strong ecosystem that allows our global partners good feed into the
United States, and it allows us good access for our members globally and to
earn miles. Sort of that's how we look at the world.

OPERATOR: The next question will come from Joseph DeNardi
with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, I was going to
say thank you for all the additional detail you provided in your prepared
remarks, but then you said you didn't want to be transparent anymore on the
loyalty program. So I'm not going to say thank you. But just on the guidance
for 1Q, 4Q initially was 1.5% to 3.5%. You ended up at 5%. I mean, how much of
that was close-in coming in better than expected? Just trying to get a sense
for whether the first quarter RASM guidance was constructed similarly to fourth
quarter.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Well, I think a couple of high level and
someone else can jump in. We actually haven't been forecasting unit revenues.
We used to be likely to give you load factors and booking trends and stuff like
that. So really, I think it's just in 2018, we've really been forecasting unit
revenues for The Street. And with the amount of change in our business and we
just -- we went from a 3 range at 1 point to a 2 point range. So I think on the
fourth quarter, we -- there was some strength that came in for sure, but
additionally, with all the moving parts in our business, we probably undershot
our forecast. But I think as we get more and more of this under our belt, we
get more and more confidence about how we're forecasting the quarters going
forward.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then, Brandon, in the
Investor Day deck, you had a capital deployment waterfall for 2019, which
showed about $130 million left over for buybacks or more debt reduction. You
mentioned the $50 million assumption on the buyback for 2019. So does that
imply that there is $50 million left over after all the other uses, CapEx,
debt, dividend? I mean, what were you -- is that a comment on cash flow for the
year? Can we plug the $50 million into what's left over in your waterfall chart
and back into your cash flow guidance for the year?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes. You can kind of back into your
cash -- the cash flow guidance of the year that way because, as we just -- as
we were constructing that chart, we were thinking about our likely capital
allocation. We tried to give you more clarity on the call today. I think if you
just take consensus numbers, for example, and you say that produces roughly
$1.5 billion, $1.55 billion of operating cash flow, you got CapEx of $750
million, debt repayments of roughly $300 million, dividend $175 million, repo
$50 million as we've stated, it probably -- and then you've got some
integration funding left to do, it probably leaves around $150 million of
additional capital that we haven't yet decided what to do with. Specifically,
we could use that for share buybacks or we could take debt to cap down probably
another 2 points.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. So it's not to imply that your
outlook for 2019 cash flow is less than consensus because you're going to have
less leftover than what you had in that chart?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: No, that -- no, we weren't trying to
imply anything like that.

OPERATOR: The final question will come from Brandon Oglenski
with Barclays.

UNIDENTIFIED ANALYST: This is actually Matt on for Brandon.
Just a quick one from me. You talked about in the commentary and a couple of
times through Q&A about corporate business fares being strong. Is there
something that -- from the initiatives at the Investor Day or just general
strength in kind of business fares you should think about any of the
initiatives that are coming through from Alaska on this regard?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Matt, thanks for the question. I mean,
specifically to the initiatives in the $330 million, there's not really
anything materially baked into that. I think you're going to hear just a tad more
from me on a quarterly basis about business given our new expanded network. We
have a Vice President of Corporate Sales, and we're actually doing a lot of
cool stuff and -- with our new network and just starting to build more muscle
there. So I think part of what you'll hear from us is, actually, we have better
insight now on corporate traveling business, which is a good measure of the
economy. So I think you're just going to hear a little more talk from us about
that. It doesn't necessarily mean we have some massive initiative that you
should be counting on from the $330 million.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks, Brandon, and I want to thank
everybody for tuning in for this quarter's call. And As we break, I want to
also thank Mark Eliasen for a terrific career with Alaska Air Group. This is
Mark's last analyst conference call. Mark, you retire next Thursday or
something like that. I want to thank you for a fantastic 10 years with this
company, 38 conference calls and lots of airplane deals and airplane financing
deals. Thanks very much.

MARK G. ELIASEN: Thank you, Brad. Thank you.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Talk to you all next quarter. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012419a12252356.756










 HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER
INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); EXECUTIVES (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS
(90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR
PERFORMANCE (78%); CASH FLOW (78%); ETHICS (78%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE &
REPORTS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%);
MERGERS (78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%);
REGULATORY COMPLIANCE (73%); LAWYERS (72%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (71%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(69%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (67%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC (67%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(66%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); GS (NYSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (83%);
JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); DEUT (JSE) (67%); DBK (FRA) (67%); DBK
(BIT) (67%); DBETN (JSE) (67%); DB (NYSE) (67%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO
MANAGEMENT (91%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING
(91%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS,
& FLOTATION COMPANIES (91%); NAICS523930 INVESTMENT ADVICE (91%); NAICS523120
SECURITIES BROKERAGE (91%); SIC6798 REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS (84%);
SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC
(84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK
HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT
ACTIVITIES (83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022
STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(67%); AIRLINES (93%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(89%); SECURITIES BROKERS (88%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); PASSENGER
& CARGO AIRCRAFT (78%); REAL ESTATE (78%); INVESTMENT TRUSTS (75%);
INVESTOR RELATIONS (75%); REAL ESTATE INVESTING (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT
LEASING (73%); LAWYERS (72%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (71%)










 ALASKA, USA (95%)










 June 5, 2020




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
25, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 8046 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO & Executive VP of
Finance

* Christopher Michael Berry

. - VP of Finance & Controller

* Matt Grady

. - Director of IR

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - EVP of Planning and Strategy

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R. Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Amber, and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's
call is being recorded and will be accessible for future payback at 

. (Operator Instructions) I would
now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's Director of Investor
Relations, Matt Grady.

MATT GRADY, DIRECTOR OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Amber. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Third
Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. On the call today, our CEO, Brad Tilden, will
provide an overview of the business; Andrew Harrison, our Chief Commercial
Officer, will share an update on our revenue results and outlook; and our CFO,
Brandon Pedersen, will discuss our cost performance and cash flows. Several
other members of our management team are also on hand to help answer your
questions. Earlier this morning, Alaska Air group reported third quarter GAAP
net income of $217 million. Excluding merger-related costs and mark-to-market
fuel hedging adjustments, Air Group reported adjusted net income of $237
million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.91, ahead of the first call
consensus. As a reminder, our comments today will include forward-looking
statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ significantly
from actual results. Information on risk factors that could affect our business
can be found in our SEC filings. On today's call, we will refer to certain
non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding
fuel. And as usual, we have provided a reconciliation between the most directly
comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release. And with that, I
will turn the call over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. We are rapidly
approaching the 2-year mark since our merger closed. And while there is still a
lot of work ahead of us, we are extremely happy about the pace of progress and
we remain confident in our future. We've now completed roughly 90% of the
integration milestones and have done so at a pace that is equal to or more
rapid than virtually any other merger in the industry. The performance of our
core business remains strong, and our brand and products are gaining increasing
traction in California. As our network investments mature and the merger
synergies accelerate, we're doubling down on the disciplines of productivity,
teamwork and cost control. Discipline has been the source of our competitive
advantage for many years now. In the third quarter, our financial performance
started to turn the corner with our employees delivering unit revenues and unit
cost that were both better than plan. We were especially encouraged to see RASM
stabilize in the face of multiple headwinds. We expect RASM to inflect positive
in the fourth quarter as we begin the steady climb towards the higher margin
and higher returns that we believe are achievable with our combined network. As
we've discussed, we are not satisfied with our current financial returns. Fuel
prices continue to rise, and we need to do more to recover these higher costs.
One way we've responded is by raising bag fees for the first time in 5 years,
bringing our fees into line with those that are now prevalent in the
marketplace. We announced these changes last week, and Andrew will discuss them
further in just a moment. Stepping back a bit, we see an industry environment
that has not yet adequately adjusted to higher fuel prices. We've slowed out
our growth in 2019 as market dynamics simply don't argue for adding much new
capacity. That said, we are comfortable with our current growth and we're very
comfortable with our new network footprint.

We have a solid plan in place to leverage the many factors
within our control and to drive unit revenues and margins higher going forward.
We're making it even more granular as we go through the budget process. We're
confident that we are on a path to significantly improve our profitability and
our free cash flow in both 2019 and 2020.

Before I discuss future plans though, I would like to
highlight a few of our team's accomplishments in the third quarter. First, we
were proud to win best U.S. airline from both CondÃ© Nast Traveler and KAYAK.
The CondÃ© Nast recognition is especially meaningful as it continued a
tradition. Virgin America had won this award for the past 10 years, and now our
folks have extended this streak to 11. Second, our operation continues to run
well. Our CD 0, or our controllable departures leaving within 0 minutes of
their scheduled time, improved 90 basis points to an excellent 86.6%. Third, we
continue to see operational strength at Horizon, where our on-time performance
continues to be the best in the industry and where our pilot staffing pipeline
is full. Fourth, our mainline pilot seniority list was recently integrated,
which means that all but one of our workgroups has a single CBA and a single
seniority list. And fifth, we achieved a number of additional milestones on the
integration front. In August, we started repainting the Airbus fleet and we've
now repainted 16 of 71 airplanes, and we've also integrated our aircraft
movement systems, which means we can now swap between Boeing and Airbus
aircraft on short notice.

The last accomplishment signals the shift in the type of the
integration work we are now doing. During the last 22 months, we've been busy
becoming a single airline. We were aligning hundreds of systems and processes,
integrating guest facing platforms and programs and working with our labor
leaders to negotiate single collective bargaining agreements. Now that the vast
majority of this background work is laid, we're dedicated to realizing the
value of our significantly larger platform. For example, our nearly 6,000 flight
attendants have been training on both aircraft types for several months now,
and they'll begin working both types on January 31. This will improve
productivity. We're also preparing to fully deploy cross fleeting by March of
next year. This will drive higher revenues and margins and will help us realize
another key merger synergy. And third, we began to reconfigure Airbus cabins
this quarter. We'll complete 4 to 5 aircraft per month between now and the end
of 2019 when the entire fleet will be done. These changes bring with them a
number of margin benefits including 4 additional seats, 10 additional First and
Premium Class seats, a common experience for our guests and new opportunities
to upgrade elites.

In addition to capturing merger synergies, our plan for the
next year includes the pursuit of several revenue and cost initiatives. We've
always been proud to run our business in a balanced way where all boats rise as
our business succeeds. And these initiatives will help us improve returns for
investors as we move from getting the integration done to realizing the
benefits of the merger. Some of the levers we're managing to improve
profitability include: slowing our capacity growth to let our investments
mature; increasing segmentation through the launch of Saver Fares, which will
produce $100 million in revenue next year; increasing bag fees and other
ancillary revenues such as exit row sales, which will produce another $100
million in revenue next year; optimizing our larger route network and schedule,
which is part of our broader plan to capture $130 million in synergies next
year; improving the productivity of our operation; and finally, controlling
management head count through the difficult but, we believe, necessary step of
eliminating some positions. This will save overhead but more importantly, it
will improve the speed of decision-making and the flow of information
throughout our organization.

Finally, we're continuing our tradition of maintaining a
strong balance sheet. We're on pace to have paid down $800 million or 40% of
the debt we took on to purchase Virgin America by year-end. We look forward to
discussing each of these opportunities in greater detail at our Investor Day
next month. For now, let me conclude by saying that we feel confident we're on
the road to producing better returns in the quarters ahead as we work together
as a single team to demonstrate the true power of our combined company. And
with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad. And good morning,
everyone. Total revenue for the third quarter rose 5% to $2.2 billion on
capacity growth of 4.8%. RASM came in flat, which was our best unit revenue
result in 5 quarters. We had good progression during the quarter with unit
revenues down 1.3% in July, but up 0.7% in August and up 0.5% in September.
This is only the beginning, and we expect our unit revenue momentum to continue
as we execute on a number of substantive initiatives to ensure our recent
trajectory continues into the fourth quarter and well beyond. Other bright
spots worth a mention include: Mileage Plan revenues were up 11%; Premium Class
revenues were more than doubled at 122%; and First Class revenues increased 8%.
Once we work through some IT issues related to paid upgrades on the Airbus,
along with Airbus cabin modifications that begin this quarter to increase First
Class capacity by 50%, we expect to see significant revenue increases from the
front cabin in 2019.

Before I get to the outlook though, I'd like to provide some
additional color on our third quarter results. First, same-stores or markets in
operation longer than 12 months and representing about 94% of our capacity,
delivered positive TRASM of 1.5%. Solid demand and stabilizing and improving
close-in pricing across most of our network drove this result. Overall, we were
pleased with the quarter's revenues given the 150 basis points headwind created
by the higher level of award redemptions across our system, which we guided to
last quarter and have mitigated going forward.

Now turning to new markets, or markets in operation less
than 12 months. These negatively impacted RASM by 160 basis points versus the
210 basis points last quarter, as new market capacity declined to 6% of
capacity from 9% in Q2. New market mix is set to decline again in the fourth
quarter to just 3% of ASMs. And by the end of the year, we will have fully
annualized the 44 markets we started last year when we made a strategic and long-term
investment in the relevance of our California network. These markets continue
to develop well. We are very pleased with the network foundation we have laid
in California today, and our focus now is to continue maturing it in the coming
months, quarters and years ahead.

Looking by region, we see a lot of strength versus last
year. Yields are positive in the Pacific Northwest despite high single-digit
industry capacity growth, and we continue our significant focus on California
and are seeing positive momentum across a number of leading longer-term
indicators. Specifically, Mileage Plan membership continued its double-digit
growth this quarter; credit card acquisitions also grew double digits, and well
in excess of passenger growth; brand awareness has improved 9 points in the
past 4 months; and international traffic has increased 26% year-over-year, now
that our California network is accessible to our global partners.

We forecast further improvement in all of these metrics as
we finalize the integration and bring the guest experience on Boeing and Airbus
into full alignment by the end of next year.

The only region in our system that is experiencing
materially lower pricing today is Hawaii. West Coast ASMs to Hawaii grew 9% in
the third quarter and is set to grow another 8% in the fourth quarter, while
filed fares and yields are down significantly year-on-year. Nevertheless, we
remain confident that we will be able to weather the softer near-term
environment better than our competitors, due to the growth of our loyalty
program across multiple West Coast origin markets, the additional segmentation
we will introduce next year with the Saver Fare, and an onboard product that is
very well suited for long-haul leisure markets such as Hawaii.

So looking to the fourth quarter, we continue to trim our
initial capacity plan as we settle into a growth rate of just under 2%, which
is where we expect to be for the next few quarters. After years of elevated
growth, we are happy with our network footprint and are now focused on
optimizing it. Our fourth quarter RASM guidance range of up 1.5% to 3.5%
continues the positive trajectory we began in Q3 and will be our best RASM
result in 6 quarters. Our guidance assumes recent strength in close-in pricing
will continue and factors in a 125 basis point headwind from soft Hawaii
pricing.

As we look ahead into 2019, we expect our positive revenue
trajectory to continue as we implement a number of new initiatives that should
generate in excess of $330 million next year. To resummarize some of the things
that Brad mentioned: First, we're raising our bag fees for the first time in 5
years effective December 5, and we estimate that will generate $50 million in
incremental revenues next year; secondly, our synergy opportunities, such as
credit card growth, cross fleeting, Airbus fleet modifications, will produce an
additional $130 million next year; third, the launch of our Saver Fare product
on November 20 will add another $100 million; and then fourth, the other
ancillary revenue changes we have already implemented, such as exit row sales
and demand-based pricing for premium class, will reach a $50 million run rate
next year. In sum, we are optimistic about our revenue outlook. Driving margin
improvement through higher RASM is our team's #1 priority today, and we will
achieve it as we reap the benefits of the significant investments we've made in
our network, brand, product and loyalty program over the past 2 years. And with
that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO & EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. As you've seen,
Air Group posted a third quarter adjusted net profit of $237 million or $1.91
per share. Our pretax margin was about 14%, which was a 6.6 point decline from
Q3 of last year. Flat unit revenue performance was certainly positive in light
of recent trends, but inadequate to recapture much of the higher fuel prices
and higher wages and benefits costs resulting from labor agreements we've amended
over the last year.

Like Q1 and Q2, our unit costs were better than our original
guidance despite completing fewer ASMs than we had planned. About $14 million
of our better performance came from lower incentive pay accruals as the higher
fuel prices take their toll on expected full year profits, and we failed to
meet certain other non-financial metrics that are part of our annual
goals-based plan that we call PBP, or performance-based pay. In addition, we
had approximately $10 million of expense shift from Q3 into Q4 as the timing of
certain maintenance and marketing activities was delayed versus prior plan. Yet
even accounting for these 2 items leaves more than a point of CASMex of true
cost outperformance in the quarter. This is partially a testament to the growth
of the loyalty program, since more bookings are coming directly through our
website and on our credit card today than at this time last year, which is our
lowest cost form of distribution. But it also illustrates the hard work of our
leaders and other employees who have delivered better productivity and have
embraced the back-to-basics culture of frugality and cost discipline that has
made us successful for many years. As mentioned, fuel continues to be a
substantial headwind with per gallon cost rising 30%. Higher fuel prices alone
reduced our pretax margin by 5 points or about 3 quarters of our year-over-year
margin decline.

Without the $12 million net benefit from our hedging
program, higher fuel would have cost us an additional 55 bps of pretax margin.
Consistent with our standard hedging process, we currently have 50% of our
planned fuel consumption hedged over the next 6 months and our average strike
price during that period is $70 a barrel.

We expect Q4 unit cost to be up roughly 3.6% on a 1.4%
increase in capacity, bringing our full year CASMex increase to 3.2% on 5.3%
capacity growth. This compares favorably to our initial guide of up 3.5% on
capacity growth of 6.5%. Bottom line, we are doing a good job managing cost
this year with most of our divisions forecast to come in better than their
original plans.

We've talked on the last couple of calls about the rigor
with which we've been planning for next year and how we've been laying the
groundwork for the 2019 budget for several months now. Well, the 2000 budget --
2019 budget process is now in full swing, and we are leveraging opportunities
for cost reduction in a number of areas including networks and costs -- excuse
me network and schedule optimization, labor and aircraft productivity, hotel
and healthcare costs and reducing overhead. Some investors have asked whether
2% growth is a negative for our business because it will put pressure on unit
costs. It is true, 2% growth will put pressure on unit cost. But 2% capacity
growth is the right answer for 2019 margins, especially in light of our rapid
growth in recent years and growing faster than 2% when the environment simply
doesn't justify more capacity than that just to take pressure off of unit costs
would be irresponsible. We'll provide more details on our 2019 unit cost plan
at Investor Day next month.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.4
billion in cash. Total cash flow from operations for the first 9 months of the
year was $1.05 billion, excluding merger-related costs, while net Capex was
about $550 million over the same period. This resulted in the $0.5 billion of
free cash flow.

The free cash flow we're generating has enabled us to
continue to re-deleverage our balance sheet. Through the first 9 months of the
year, we've reduced on balance sheet debt by nearly $550 million. It's also
noteworthy, and bears repeating, that we'll have paid off nearly 40% or a net a
$800 million of the $2 billion that we borrowed to acquire Virgin America less
than 2 years after deal close. That improves our balance sheet, but also saves
us more than $30 million in annual interest expense.

I want to give a shout out to our treasury team. Over the
last 2 months, they've taken advantage of our balance sheet and today's credit
markets to refinance or restructure $1.1 billion worth of our on-balance-sheet
debt. This effort will continue into the fourth quarter and, when complete,
will lower interest expense in 2019 to the tune of $4 million. I also want to
acknowledge our partner banks who worked cooperatively with us on this
initiative.

With leases, our quarter-end adjusted debt cap stood at 49%,
3 points lower than last quarter. And it should end the year at around the same
level. Continuing to strengthen our conservative, investment-grade balance
sheet is our #1 capital allocation priority right now. As we've repaid debt
balances, we've also returned $155 million to shareholders during the first 9
months of the year via the dividend and share repurchases, and we still expect
that number to exceed $200 million by year-end, consistent with our initial
plan.

Let me close by offering some higher-level summary thoughts.
First, most of the major merger integration milestones are behind us, and we're
now squarely focused on 2 big things: culture and improving our financial
performance; second, the slower growth for 2019 will let us digest the
tremendous growth we've had over the last few years; third, our unit revenues
are inflecting to positive, and we have specific plans that will add $330 million
of new revenue to the business in 2019; fourth, our renewed back-to-basics
focus on cost is evident and we're going to tightly manage cost again in 2019;
and finally, the initiatives above give us line of sight to higher
profitability in 2019. This will produce higher cash flow and, when combined
with lower CapEx, will produce higher free cash flow, which we can use to
further re-delever the balance sheet and ultimately improve the cash we return
to our owners. And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from
Savi Syth of Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Listen, you laid out a lot of
initiatives that should be -- different initiatives that should be kind of
being a nice tailwind here. Could you talk a little bit about the progression
as you go through the year on how those build?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Savi, this is Andrew. I think by --
probably as you go into the second quarter, we should be pretty much at full
run rate. The Saver Fares will kick in and really be up and running for sales
beginning January 1. Bag fees are already going in, and there's a booking curve
that happens. So I would say that we'll start up a little lighter in the first
quarter but as we go into the second quarter, we should be at full pace.

OPERATOR: Michael Linenberg of Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions here. I think Brad,
you've basically said you're at a point now where you're comfortable with the
network and I guess there were what, 44 city pairs that were added, but there
was also some culling, some cutting of frequency in some city pairs. Are we at
a point now where going forward, and I guess maybe this is even a question for
Andrew as well, that we're not going to see anything more material with respect
to the network? Like the big changes have occurred and this is the network of
2019 and beyond?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Michael, this is Andrew. That's
right, I think if you look at the culling, we cleaned up Dallas Love Field to
the East Coast. We took care of our Mexico City slots, which weren't going to
be long-term winners for us. And as we've shared previously, the network we
inherited from Virgin America, we've made significant changes there. So we feel
really good about the network. Our big opportunity, Ben might comment on this,
is on the schedule but also just the marketing time of our network and getting
our flights leaving at the times we want them to leave is our next big
opportunity.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And Michael, when we talked about the
cross fleeting of airplanes, putting the right airplanes on the right markets.
So what we're doing by Q1 is making sure we deploy the bigger planes on the
right markets and the smaller planes on the right markets as well.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, great. And just my second
question, you did a really nice job, laying out all the different revenue
initiatives next year, $330 million or exceeding $330 million. But you also
threw out some things that clearly are going to benefit on the cost side. I
mean, Ben, you just mentioned cross fleeting, your flight attendants are going
to be working under single contracts. January next year, you'll be able to sort
of mix and match, that's obviously going to help on the cost side. Any -- is
there a number out there that we should use for the cost savings in 2019?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Mike, it's Brandon, maybe I'll take
that one. No, not at this point. We do have a lot of stuff going on, but as I
said in my prepared remarks, we're still working hard on the budget and we'll
have more to say about that at Investor Day.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Duane Pfennigwerth of
Evercore ISI.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Not to start exactly where Mike left
off, but obviously lower growth has been discussed as a headwind. But from a
high-level, could you just discuss the tailwinds that you see? For example,
you've adjusted the plan lower, at least a couple of times this year, and my
guess is there is some cost associated with that with those midcourse
corrections. Can you just give us your list of tailwinds that you see?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Duane, it's Brandon, maybe I'll start
with that. Certainly, the biggest tailwind for that is just the variable costs
that come with the business and just the lack of start-up cost and things like
that. Training costs, I would say, are a big one. You do have a certain element
of cost structure that's fixed and obviously, with lower capacity growth,
there'll be pressure on that. But to the extent that there are variable costs,
both on an ongoing basis and then cost that we incur in anticipation of further
growth, those will be certainly mitigated in 2019.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And Duane, it's been -- as you heard some
of the things that are coming together with the integration, in terms of
systems coming together and labor groups coming together. For example, our
flight attendants will be flying together by the end of January of '19. That
drives productivity back into our business. So as we bring systems together and
we start aligning the operations and how we run it, those are going to be
tailwinds for us in '19.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then just for my follow-up on
Hawaii. I wonder if you could provide a little more detail, historically.
Because capacity has been up there for a while. You had high rates of growth
from an industry perspective. 1Q, 2Q, my guess is the industry was absorbing
it. You've had some nonrecurring events here, volcanoes, hurricanes and maybe
there is some lingering impact. But maybe could you provide some longer-term
perspective on Hawaii? And you've seen competitors come, you've seen
competitors go. Typically, capacity finds a level, maybe the incumbents have
overshot a bit here. Would love some more fleshed out thoughts on Hawaii.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. That's a very good question, and
you just said it. I think for those who've been in Hawaii and we've been here
11 years now. Hawaii really follows supply and demand of seats. And there's
been an escalation of industry seats over the last few quarters and that will
continue, and we've seen what that has done to the revenue environment. I think
specifically to us, a couple of important things to note. Number one is that we
serve Hawaii from 8 gateways off the West Coast, and many of those all 4
islands are on a nonstop basis. So very much have our flights not anchored to
any single or specific city. But what's really exciting I think is you heard
about on the initiatives as we roll out, many of these will directly impact the
economics in a very positive way our Hawaii routes. And especially with our
onboard product now with satellite coming on board, with the Premium Class
seating, First Class seating, food and beverage programs both in the main
cabin, we feel really good about our product, our network and the incremental
revenues coming into 2019 that will help us deal with some of the softness as
the industry finds its water level.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from the line of Rajeev
Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Two questions, a RASM one and a CASM one. Andrew, I'll start with
you. You're seeing a nice inflection in unit revenues here in the fourth
quarter. Would it be unfair to assume that you can just build out some of these
numbers as we go to next year? And then maybe just add on top of the 4Q levels
be the 3 to 4 points of revenue initiatives that you're seeing? Is that too
optimistic or too aggressive?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No, Rajeev, I'll give you my personal
views. But I think we are going to continue to ramp. I mean, I think if you
just look at the industry's revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, I think
our guidance is starting to nestle right in there amongst many other ranges.
And if you take into account all the real revenue initiatives that are kicking
in as we speak, I would personally expect us to start to outperform the
industry in unit revenue increases as we go into the first quarter.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Helpful. And then Brandon, a question for
you. On the CASM side, so in the fourth quarter, you've got 1%, 2% capacity
growth and you're seeing 3.5 points of unit cost pressures or an increase
there. Can you just help break that down? And I'm assuming we shouldn't be
using that as a run rate for 2019 and maybe, because some of the headwinds
associated with lower growth? I think you get where I'm going?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, yes. I totally get where you're
going. It really just is a timing thing. I don't think the Q4 CASM guide should
have surprised anybody, because our full year CASM guide really remains
unchanged. When you put together a business plan, you make estimates of what
certain things are going to land in certain quarters and stuff is just slipping
into the fourth quarter and that's -- so it's really timing more of anything
else, not indicative of where we think we're going to be long-term on the CASM
guide with lower capacity.

RAJEEV LALWANI: And then within that 3.5, how much is
timing? Can you parse that out a bit?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: You know what, if I went back to our
original CASM guide for the fourth quarter, which I don't have in front of me,
I bet it's probably -- I would say, it's probably most of it. Hold on, I'm
looking at something here.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP OF FINANCE & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: This is Chris. About half of the increase in CASM
really came from the decline in capacity, and then the other -- we got about
$10 million, $15 million worth of shift in timing of cost into the fourth
quarter. So those 2 things together pretty much get to your CASM guide for the
fourth quarter.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from Jamie Baker with JP
Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: A follow-up to
Rajeev's question, which is a follow-up to Duane's question, which is a
follow-up to Mike's question. I know you don't want to give a precise cost
guide, you're holding something back for Investor Day, that's fine. But I can't
figure a time since stand-alone United that an airline was ever able to
materially decelerate without seeing a substantive year-on-year increase in x
fuel CASM. And they only pulled it off -- it's quite some time ago, because
they punted all of their 737 classics. So obviously that's not an option here.
If x fuel CASM goes up 3% this year, which is the guide, isn't it a forgone
conclusion that next year goes up more than this, it's just a question of
magnitude?

SHANE TACKETT, EVP OF PLANNING AND STRATEGY, ALASKA
AIRLINES, INC.: It's Shane Tackett. Love your questions. I think maybe I'd just
start higher level. We spent something like $5.5 billion on nonfuel cost and
natural sort of inflation of that might be, I don't know, call it 5%, something
like $300 million. I don't think it's a forgone conclusion that we have to go up
$300 million next year. And that's sort of where -- that's where our mindset
has been, that's what Brandon has talked about throughout the year. That's sort
of what we're alluding to as we lay out cost initiatives similar to a list of
revenue initiatives that were very well laid out by Andrew. We just need to do
the exact same thing with cost. The other thing that I think you can appreciate
is as we've gone through the integration and merger, there's just a lot of
potential opportunity to go in and look at areas that got a little bit ahead of
themselves in the last couple of years.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay, fair enough. Can't blame a guy
for trying. Second, on segmentation and this is somewhat similar to what I
asked last quarter, but many of your peers -- well, not many. Your peers have
stumbled out of the gate with basic economy. Do you plan to roll out Saver
Fares all at once on January 1? It sounds like that's the plan. I'm just
wondering if staggering the rollout might be an option that would minimize
execution risk?

SHANE TACKETT: Jamie, this is Shane again. And I might speak
to this, I've been sort of principally involved with it. We are going to do
what we're calling a soft launch on November 7, where we will start selling
Saver Fares in a small subset of markets in December. We'll use those lessons
learned throughout December to figure out if it makes sense to launch fully on
January 1. It probably won't be January 1, it will be like the 10th. We'll get
to the holiday returns or if we need to go out a little slower pace. But I will
say, as is often the case, we go a little slower on these sorts of things. And
the benefit of that is we've been able to learn from others that have gone
before us. And so we should be able to get here quicker than others have had in
the past.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: And just super quick follow-up, are
you going to disclose those markets or is up to us to find them? I mean, which
we can do, I mean anybody can if -- trial and error.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, yes, I think we'll disclose them once
we've got sort of the final decision on where they're going to be. We'll have
to map it with you all.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line by line of
Helane Becker with Cowen Securities.

HELANE R. BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: When we look at the changes that you guys
were talking about in terms of the retrofit of the fleet, is that in -- where
are we seeing that on the income statement? And is there a reason why -- or is
it in that line item for maintenance that was 22% in the last quarter?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Helane, it's Brandon. In terms of the
retrofit cost, those are capital. And so you'll see those in CapEx, which will
ultimately flow through in depreciation once those mods go into service.
There's really nothing in the maintenance line per se related to
reconfiguration of Airbus airplanes.

HELANE R. BECKER: Okay. And then was there a reason why
those costs were up so much in the last quarter?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Not -- I mean, certainly there are
reasons. It was just really timing of various activities. And some of it is the
power by-the-hour deals. And on a year-over-year basis, it's driving some of
that increase, but we've talked about that a couple of quarters in a row now.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Hunter Keay
with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: You guys are probably
disappointed not to pay out PBP at target. And I'm kind of curious on how
you're thinking about setting PBP levels next year. Are you going to set them
low? You like to set them generally sort of conservatively so you can make
payments, I know that. But how are you preliminarily thinking about setting PBP
targets? And how should I think about that variable kind of a line next year if
you set them really low?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Hunter, it's been -- I think in terms
of payout, we are going to be above target for 2018, so I just want to correct
that. So we're going to be above target. I think our philosophy hasn't changed
in terms of how we set our performance goals. We want them to be aggressive and
reachable. Like if you look over the last 9 years, we've been about a month's
pace. So a little lower this year, I mean fuel's been a big issue for us and
some of the other targets we didn't miss. But I think we're looking hard at
those goals. We're setting targets right now. And I think I personally feel
good in where we're going to hit them. Just in terms of context, at least 20%
of the PBP goals are nonfinancial elements, like safety and customer service.
So there's always a good balance in terms of how we set them.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. And then a little bit more on Hawaii
and Saver Fares, to marry these 2 things up a little bit. How are you thinking
about the appetite for those fares in Hawaii? And is there -- was one of the
reasons why Hawaii might be soft right now because of some of that basic
version that's being deployed that you can see in filings of course, by your
competitors may be ahead of your Saver Fare launch? Is that one of the issues
that you think maybe are optimistic that can get cleaned up pretty quickly once
Saver Fares are in that market? If that makes any sense?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: I think it does, Hunter. I think what
you're saying actually is system-wide for us. Our hands are a little bit tied
behind our back because we don't offer Saver Fares and so our competitors, 1 in
4 times, they are getting an extra $25 to $35 more than we are and that will be
rectified going forward next year, and obviously we've seen that on Hawaii
across all our major competitors.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Dan
McKenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Andrew, I'm wondering if you can clarify the
positive RASM result in the Northwest despite high single-digit capacity? I
wouldn't have guessed that, that would have been the outcome. Is it that
Anchorage offset some of the pressure at Seattle? Is it just local economic
growth in Seattle? Is it corporate growth? All of the above? How do we think
about the demand and revenue drivers in that market as we look ahead? Because
it seems like capacity may continue to be somewhat elevated there.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think a couple of things. I mean,
we've had new growth everywhere, not just California but also the Pacific
Northwest. But I think fundamentally, and you've heard us talk about this, is
back to basics. We have been -- with most of this integration behind us, we are
focusing back on our core disciplines and what we do and what we do well. And I
think especially with the Pacific Northwest, we've continued to mature markets.
We continue to look at our pricing environment and our network and our hub
structure. Certainly, Horizon has been performing exceptionally. We had real
challenges last year, as you know. So I think all of those things are coming
together. And loyalty continues to grow at very significant rates, believe it
or not, in the Pacific Northwest not just California.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Is there any international traffic
benefit that's specific? I'm wondering, if you can elaborate a little bit more
on that as well? You mentioned that in the prepared remarks. To what extent is
that helping to benefit your revenues? Not just in San Francisco but across
your system?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I mean, I think on the
international it's not huge in the scheme of things. It helps us fill in some
seats here and there. But the real advantage on the International is giving our
loyalty members access to the globe, helping fill out partners' planes with
valuable revenue, and giving our members award redemptions. So it's a very
profitable relationship for both parties, and that's only going to get
stronger.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: If I could sneak a third one in here.
Brandon, the cash levels. Now that Alaska is 90% integrated, you're essentially
at your target leverage in the mid-40s. Does that loosen up some liquidity for
some incremental shareholder returns as we look ahead to 2019? Or does it make
sense to take down the debt a little bit further before you consider some more
aggressive shareholder returns?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Dan, I wouldn't say we're at in the
mid-40s yet. We ended the quarter at 49%, we'll be there by -- we'll be at that
same level at year-end. Here's the way I'm looking at it though, and I'm glad
you asked the question because I think it's a super exciting story. As we look
to next year and we see profit improvement and cash flow improvement, free cash
flow improvement, our current maturities will be about $300 million. Once we
hit that, we'll probably be in the low 40% range debt to cap. Our dividend's
probably in the neighborhood of $160 million, $170 Million. So anything in the
free cash flow bucket beyond, say, $450 million to $500 million that would
probably be available for a share buyback.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Dan, it's Brad. I might just weigh in.
We've gone through this merger process, and the profitability has been
challenged. A lot of the theme of this call and the last couple has been the
different initiatives we have to improve margins improved return for
shareholders. And we have got a lot of confidence in that stuff. That said,
I've been super impressed with what cash flows the business can produce, what
Brandon and his team have done with the balance sheet. To be sitting here 2
years into the merger, having paid off $800 million of the $2 billion we
borrowed and have adjusted debt-to-capital of 50%, is really something else.
And we've got -- I think you're asking a great question. We have the ability to
improve that even further in 2019. And then this business is producing a lot of
cash flow that we'll have -- a good problem to have is what do we do with that
cash flow that we're producing.

OPERATOR: Next question is from Joseph DeNardi with Stifel,
Nicolaus & Company.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Good segue. Brad, I
think I asked you this question before, just going to try and ask it a little
bit differently and in a multiple-choice format. Has your experience with
Virgin and the M&A process made you more likely, less likely or equally
likely to engage in further M&A in the future?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Everyone's -- they're all doing their
hands -- they're pushing them sideways, Joe. Here's what we'll say about it is
I think the industry has changed a lot. If you look 10 or 15 years ago, it took
9 airlines to make up 80% of the pie, today it's 4. I do think we're all
really, really happy with what this company's done for everybody that depends
on us over decades, and getting bigger was important. And so we're really happy
with the merger in that respect. In terms of culturally, we've been up a lot
and the interesting about business as in life is that you sort of learn as you
go. I think in terms of us biting off another merger, our plate is more than
full right now and we're just going to be completely focused on doing what we
-- what we've got on our plate right now doing it as well as we possibly can.
So thanks for the question, though.

OPERATOR: Your final question comes from the line of Brandon
Oglenski of Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, I want to come back to the
revenue question because it's been asked several ways. But if we think
specifically about the Saver Fare opportunity I think you called it out as
about $100 million, looking into next year. But if that's explaining some of
your underperformance to the market, is it still fair to say, yes, we can get
back to market RASM and then some of these initiatives will actually be
additive above and beyond that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I mean, I think if you want to talk
about bag fees that's getting back to market, Saver Fares maybe getting back to
market. Although, Saver Fares will help us compete very aggressively against
other carriers that don't have Saver Fares. So that's a big win. But the big
win that we've also been talking about is just really the synergies. And
bringing our product to life across the system is going to be very incremental.
We won't be -- we've still got low fares. I don't think we're ever going to be
at market RASM, if you put it that way. We rely greatly, as well, on our low
costs to have the low fares. But I think overall, all of these things come
together to provide a good rising tide for us next year.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. And Brandon, I'm going to
take it one more time on the cost side and see if we can get something out of
you. But the -- it seems like you do have a lot of integration activities
ongoing this year. I've got to believe that's impacting the operating cost
structure too, just from even an overhead perspective. Shouldn't some of that
activity come down as we head into 2019? And could you help us quantify what
that was this year?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Brandon, thanks for the follow-up
question to the follow-up question to the follow-up question. I appreciate
that. Here's what I'll say, we have a long history of doing a good job managing
cost because ultimately, we know it's important to our success. We're going to
manage the heck out of cost in 2019, and we'd be delighted to tell you more
about that at Investor Day.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Okay, thank you very much. Thanks
everybody for tuning in today. Investor Day is November 27. We look forward to
seeing hopefully all of you at Investor Day in New York on November 27. Thanks
very much, have a great day.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102518a11458379.779










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); STOCK OFFERINGS (89%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE
(78%); BANKING & FINANCE REGULATION (78%); CASH FLOW (78%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); MERGERS (78%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (77%); SECURITIES
LAW (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(71%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(69%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (68%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(83%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK (FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%);
DB (NYSE) (82%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (84%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL BANKING (84%);
SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS, DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (84%); SIC6029
COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES
(84%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (84%); SIC6712
OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (84%); SIC6022 STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS (84%);
SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC
(83%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (82%); SIC6282 INVESTMENT ADVICE (82%);
SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS (82%); COMMERCIAL BANKING
(94%); AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%); SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS
(92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS
(90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT BANKING (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%);
ACCOUNTING (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (89%); STOCK
OFFERINGS (89%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); BANKING & FINANCE
REGULATION (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (76%); SECURITIES LAW (75%); CAPITAL
EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%)










 ALASKA, USA (95%)










 November 5, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
26, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 9658 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President & COO of Alaska
Airlines Inc and CEO of Virgin America Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO & Executive VP of
Finance

* Matt Grady

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Director of IR

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management &
e-commerce

* Lavanya Sareen

Conference Call Participants

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP & Senior
Equity Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI Institutional Equities, Research Division -
Senior MD

* Helane R Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD & Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - MD & Airline Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Amber, and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group second quarter earnings release conference call. Today's
call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions)

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska
Air Group's Director of Investor Relations, Matt Grady.

MATT GRADY, DIRECTOR OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Amber. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second
quarter 2018 earnings call. On the call today our CEO, Brad Tilden, will
provide an overview of the business; Andrew Harrison, our Chief Commercial Officer,
will share an update on our revenue results and outlook; and our CFO, Brandon
Pedersen, will discuss our cost performance and cash flows. Several other
members of our management team are also on hand to help answer your questions.

Earlier this morning, Alaska Air Group reported second
quarter GAAP net income of $193 million. Excluding merger-related costs and
mark-to-market fuel hedging adjustments, Air Group reported adjusted net income
of $206 million and adjusted earnings per share of $1.66, ahead of the first
call consensus.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings. On today's call, we will
refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit
costs excluding fuel. And as usual, we have provided a reconciliation between
the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings
release.

And now, I will turn the call over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. We're halfway through
2018 and 19 months have passed since our merger closed. We're very pleased with
the operational and customer service performance of the company, and we're very
happy to have the vast majority of our systems and processes and facilities
integrated and to have this work done at a pace that is equal to or more rapid
than virtually every other merger in the industry. But we're not satisfied with
our financial performance, and we're working hard to lean out our cost
structure and to achieve revenues in the marketplace that recover the much
higher fuel prices that every airline is experiencing. Fuel prices have been
steadily increasing for 10 quarters now, and they are about $1 per gallon
higher than they were in the first quarter of 2016. At our volumes, that means
we have about $850 million of cost increases. It may be that the early 2016
prices were unusually low, but it's clear that we have higher costs and we need
to be focused on taking actions that help us recover these higher costs.

Mergers are complicated, as anyone who's been involved in
one can attest. Ours has required significant focus and has brought our
frontline employees through a period of considerable change, transition and
growth. At the same time, we've been managing rising fuel prices, significant
network expansion and elevated competition. Our team has been resilient and has
secured a number of important accomplishments that have laid the foundation for
our long-term growth and success. As we sit here today, we believe we've now
passed through the inflection point of the merger. And while we have a lot of
work ahead of us to lean out our cost structure and drive revenues higher, we
feel very good about the plan we're putting in place, and I'm optimistic about
our future.

Before we talk about the work that lies ahead, I'd like to
highlight a few of our employees' key accomplishments during the second
quarter.

First, on April 24, we transitioned to a single-passenger
service system with zero disruption to our operation. One of our most basic
goals at the outside of the merger was to avoid any negative impact to our
customers during the process. And unless you were at one of our 31 Virgin
America airports on the night of April 24, you most likely would not have
noticed that the PSS conversion occurred. This is a great accomplishment for our
team.

Next, in June, we reached an agreement in principle with our
dispatchers union, which was ratified earlier this month. We now have all but
one of our labor groups, or 93% of our unionized payroll, under
single-collective bargaining agreements. This is extremely important for any
airline, but especially at Alaska, where we have such a unique culture that
drives our success.

Third, our operation has been running very well. Our team
delivered on-time performance of 84.1% in the second quarter, up 4 points
year-over-year. We see operational strength today across our mainline and
regional fleets. At horizon, our on-time performance is the best in the
regional industry, and our pilot staffing pipeline is full.

Finally, we were very happy to see our employees win the
J.D. Power Award for the 11th year in a row during the merger's toughest
period. This continued recognition by our guests is fantastic, and we want to
congratulate all of our employees for delivering the differentiated service
that makes Alaska what it is.

With 85% of the integration work now behind us, the focus of
the leadership has fully returned to the basics of running the airline. We are
pleased to be getting back to our roots, working together with our people to
deliver operational improvements, growing our cost advantage, and earning our
guests' loyalty everyday through our fantastic route network, our low fares,
and our genuine and caring service.

This is a group of leaders that have been together for a
long time now, and we operate the business today with the same philosophy and
mentality that we always have. At the same time, we've been fortunate to add a
number of new, highly skilled leaders to key posts in recent years, who are
complementing our core strengths and making us stronger.

Today, we're dedicated to realizing the value of our
significantly larger platform. This means we are focused on delivering
meaningful unit revenue improvements while tightly managing productivity and
overhead. After a period of margin declines - which have come due to higher
fuel prices but also due to the integration, investments in our network, and a
step-function increase in labor costs - margin improvement is our primary focus
today.

We believe we're on a path to deliver significant
improvement in margins in both 2019 and 2020. And we see 4 specific
opportunities in the near term that will help us do so. These are: first,
network optimization; second, increasing upsell and other ancillary revenues;
third, improving productivity; and fourth, investing in our culture.

Let me address each one of these briefly. On the network, we
are actively managing the ROIC targets at the market level to make adjustments
to total capacity and how we allocate it. We are just beginning to capture
synergies from cross-scheduling Boeing and Airbus aircraft, which will ramp up
between now and early next year. We've made several accretive network
adjustments that take effect this quarter and next, and are slowing our 2019
growth rate to 2%. More on this latter change in a moment.

Next, on revenues, we're further segmenting our product to
compete more directly with the basic economy fares that have been prevalent in
our markets for several quarters now. As we introduce additional choice for our
guests, we believe some will prefer the lowest fare while benefiting from an
assigned seat and a carry-on bag not offered by our competitors, while others
will be willing to pay a bit more for greater ticket flexibility and
changeability. We're making changes to other ancillary revenues as well.

On productivity, we're targeting improvements within each
operating division to get us back to or better than pre-merger levels, while
also aggressively managing overheads.

Andrew and Brandon will talk more about these 3 focus areas
in a moment. They're all designed to get us back to our long-term margins and
our ROIC targets.

Our fourth and final focus areas is culture, which is the
critical intangible asset that has always enabled Alaska to be different, and
that we believe will help us do so in the future. With most of the integration
behind us, we're spending more time with our employees, addressing their
issues, helping them to be and feel empowered, and to foster the sense of
teamwork and camaraderie that results in the genuine and caring service that
put Alaska on the map and that has enabled us to compete effectively with
airlines that have far greater scale.

Finally, a note on 2019 capacity. Given the very substantial
increase in fuel prices over the last couple of years and a capacity
environment that has not adequately adjusted to them, we have reduced our 2019
capacity growth to 2%. As we've said on prior calls, we want to be good
stewards of capital, and in this environment, we're just not seeing the returns
that justify higher levels of growth. However, given the competitive advantages
that we maintain, we think there will be a time in the intermediate term when
higher growth will once again make sense for us and our owners.

As we move forward with our initiatives, I'm encouraged by
the strong foundation we've laid since the merger closed in late 2016. We're
very happy that the integration proceeded at such a rapid clip. We're very
happy with our new and expanded route map and the geographies we serve. And
we're very encouraged by the loyalty growth that we've seen. From here on,
we'll be pulling levers within our control to materially improve the company's
financial performance. We have a good plan, and I'm confident that this
leadership team, and in fact, the entire Air Group team, will deliver.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning,
everyone. Total revenues for the second quarter rose 3% to $2.2 billion on capacity
growth of 7.8%. As we shared on our last call, the second quarter reflected our
highest capacity growth of the year, the highest competitive capacity growth of
the year and a difficult comp with Easter. In addition, we had a significant
increase in award travel following our conversion to a single reservation
system in April. As you know, the conversion went flawlessly from an
operational perspective, but it did release pent-up demand for award
redemptions on our broader network. In fact, redemptions grew by 22%. Our goal
is to make award travel easy for our guests, but we need to balance that with
the revenue dilution it creates. We've already made the adjustments necessary
to award seats and redemption prices so that the impact of higher award redemptions
will moderate by the fourth quarter.

So while we are not happy with our unit revenues, we believe
they represent the low point of our march towards stronger revenues and margins
during the second half of the year and into '19.

Before turning to the future, I'd like to provide more color
on our results. Roughly 3 points of our 5-point RASM decline was driven by
same-store markets and the remaining 2 points resulted from new markets, and
I'll address each of these separately.

First, same-store markets, or markets in operation longer
than 12 months, 1 point of the decline came from a shift in the timing of
Easter while another 1.5 points came from the increase in award redemption
activity I just mentioned. And while we had budgeted for 50 basis points of
dilution from award travel, the rapid acceleration and redemptions in May and
June led to an additional 100 basis points of impact. Based on the redemption
demand we see in our bookings for the remainder of the summer, we expect this
150 basis point headwind to continue into the third quarter, but then moderate
after that. From a loyalty and brand perspective, higher redemptions are very
encouraging and our go-forward objective is to strike the right balance between
paid tickets and offering great value to our loyalty members.

Setting these 2.5 points of headwinds aside, same-store unit
revenues would have been close to flat for the quarter. Overall, demand and
pricing continue to be strong in our core Pacific Northwest markets and uptake
on our Premium Class product continues to exceed our expectations. While
competitive capacity remained elevated and pricing was still generally soft in
the state of California, we have seen an improvement in pricing over the past
30 days that sets us up for positive momentum in Q3 and Q4.

Turning to new markets, or markets in operation less than 12
months, these accounted for the remaining 2 points of decline. New market
capacity remained high at 9% of ASMs this quarter, though this will decline
over the next 2 quarters, with new markets set to represent 6% of ASMs for Q3
and just 3% by Q4. We are encouraged by the recent performance of these
markets, especially volume builds, and we expect them to contribute to stronger
unit revenues later this year as many of them begin to annualize in September.

Looking ahead, our own growth slows to 5.9% in Q3; 3.1% in
Q4; and competitive capacity, based on today's schedules, goes from 7.4% growth
in Q2 to approximately 5% in the third and fourth quarter, again, setting us up
for sequential unit revenue improvement over the next 2 quarters.

This upward trajectory in unit revenues actually began
during the second quarter as we look by month. April was down 7%; May was down
5%; and June was down 3%. In that light, our third quarter RASM guidance range
established this morning of down 3% to flat continues the upward trend. Of
note, this guidance assumes 150 basis points of continuing headwinds from
higher award redemptions and 25 basis points of demand softness in Hawaii from
ongoing volcanic activity.

After 2 years of substantial capital deployment and
execution of a complex integration, the commercial team is committed to
improving returns on invested capital. A number of the initiatives currently
underway will enable us to deliver on this.

First, we are capturing merger synergies as we fully
integrate and optimize the deployment of our fleets, network, schedules and
crews.

We will improve the revenue generation of the Airbus fleet
starting this fall by modifying the cabin configuration and adding more seats.

We are enhancing our competitive position in transcon
markets (these markets represent 31% of our network), as we swap in larger
Boeing aircraft with better product segmentation and additional opportunity to
reward our elite guests with upgrades.

We are optimizing our network and schedule, and we believe
we have opportunity to more profitably assign our regional fleets across our
West Coast short-haul networks.

We will launch our Saver Fare product in December, which
will create significant revenue up-sell opportunities in the order of $100
million-plus annually.

We are increasing ancillary revenues through the adjustments
to change fee policies, offering exit rows for sale and adding demand-based
pricing to our Premium Class. And as we mentioned last quarter, these
adjustments represent another $50 million run rate opportunity, $20 million of
which we expect in the second half of '18 with these initiatives now in market.

And finally, we expect to reap the benefit of the new
markets we launched in 2017 and '18 as they mature and expect to add only a
handful of new markets in 2019.

And to that point, with our team fully focused on delivering
higher margins and returns going forward, our decision to reduce capacity
growth to 2% in 2019 will be favorable for both unit revenues and for profits.
We still expect 2020 capacity growth to be 4%. And as Brad mentioned, we
believe our durable competitive advantages will permit us to grow faster than
both GDP and the industry over the medium- to long-term.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO & EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew. Morning, everyone. As you've seen, Air
Group posted a second quarter adjusted net profit of $206 million or $1.66 a
share. Our pretax margin was about 13%, an 11 point decline from last year.
These results reflect the revenue pressures we faced, markedly higher fuel
prices and a step-function increase in payroll costs. I'm going to echo the
theme that you've heard already -- that these results are not the "new
normal" for Alaska. We're working hard to improve the returns that this
business can generate.

I too want to offer a bit more color on our decision to
scale back 2019 growth. We believe the slower growth rate makes sense because
with fuel and industry capacity at current levels, we just don't see the same
opportunity to produce the returns we're seeking.

We're solidly in returns improvement mode, and 2% growth
helps us get there because it will improve our ability to manage fares in a way
that will help cover the cost increases we've seen. Like our 4% plan before it,
the 2% plan lets us leverage the considerable growth that we've had over the
last 5 years but demonstrates, once again, that Alaska is willing to right-size
capacity when needed.

You've heard about the important initiatives that the
commercial team is working on. On the cost side of the house, we're
demonstrating better cost control than we've seen in about 2 years. We're
having a good year in almost all divisions as people embrace the hard work of
cost management. There are new processes that occur daily to manage
productivity in our operation. Our marketing team gets a shout out for beating
what I would say was an aggressive plan through 6 months. And our call center
team is not just under plan but 4% under last year at the halfway mark. This is
a prime example of the "cost friction" that I referred to last year
that would go away as we got farther along in the merger integration. We also
have new tools and processes to manage overhead, which, by the way, are
tracking $12 million better than planned so far this year. For example, one of
our folks developed a dashboard to ensure that contractors are leaving the
property on schedule. And we're on track to meet our non-union headcount
reduction goals by July 31.

And with that as the backdrop, let me provide some color on
our Q2 cost performance. Q2 CASM ex fuel rose 2%, which was well below our
initial guidance for the quarter. As we saw in Q1, we did benefit from the
timing of certain maintenance and marketing expenses shifting to later in the
year. Timing accounted for roughly half of our CASM improvement versus initial
guide, which means the other half came from true outperformance. Fuel was a significant
driver of our margin performance this quarter. Per gallon costs were up 34%,
and total economic fuel expense rose 45% or $155 million. Though fuel costs are
high, our WTI call options did reduce our economic fuel expense by
approximately $9 million. And based on the current forward curve, we expect
these hedges to save us a similar amount in the third quarter. We currently
have hedges in place covering 50% of our planned consumption for the remainder
of the year at an average strike price of $67 a barrel.

On the integration front, as Brad mentioned, we reached a
merger transition agreement with our dispatchers union, bringing all but our
maintenance technicians under a single CBA. This gives us great cost
visibility, but more importantly, the ability to bring our Boeing and Airbus
teams together and focus on culture and consistency of service.

We now expect Q3 nonfuel cost to be up about 5% on 6%
capacity growth, which is a bit higher than our most recent guidance in April
due to the timing shifts and the fact that capacity growth is lower. We also
now expect full year unit costs to be up 3.2% or 30 bps better than our
previous guidance on 30 bps lower capacity growth. This updated outlook
reflects the benefit of the favorable unit cost trajectory that we have
experienced so far this year.

Turning to the balance sheet. I might start by just
underscoring that our revenue and cost initiatives are designed to improve both
earnings per share and cash flow. We're trying to be smart allocators of the
capital we're generating, balancing prudent investments where we can earn
adequate returns, reducing our leverage to protect our long-term shareholders
from the cyclicality of the industry, and returning capital to our owners.
Total cash flow from operations for the first 6 months for the year was $800
million, excluding merger-related costs and the $1,000 employee tax bonus paid
in January. Net CapEx was $425 million over the same period, resulting in
approximately $375 million of adjusted free cash flow.

The free cash flow we're generating has allowed us to
continue to strengthen our balance sheet. Total on-balance-sheet debt declined
by $258 million during the first half of the year. By year-end, we'll have paid
down $800 million of debt since our acquisition.

With leases, our quarter-end adjusted debt to cap stands at
52%, net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDAR stands at 1.4x, or 20% below the
industry average, and we have 83 unencumbered airplanes in our fleet. We remain
committed to improving our conservative investment-grade balance sheet, which
has served this company well for many years. And rounding out our capital
allocation plan, during the first 6 months, we've returned more than $100
million to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchases, and expect that
number to exceed $200 million by year-end. We've increased our dividend every
year since we initiated it in 2013, and our dividend is currently yielding
about 2%.

I want to close by reiterating what we've tried to convey in
the last 25 minutes -- that we're through the biggest part of the integration
and - financially speaking - we're now working hard on revenue and cost
initiatives with the goal of making sure this franchise that we're building can
produce much higher returns than it is today.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Brandon, a question for you. You're obviously pulling in your
capacity growth quite a bit going into next year. Is that going to be creating
sort of a casm problem? Do you think you can do flat to down, or I don't know
if that's guidance, but -- your target was to sort of do that. And then just
related to that, I don't think your CapEx numbers changed despite pulling in
capacity. So just some color on both of those would be great.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC
AND CEO OF VIRGIN AMERICA INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Rajeev, this is Ben
Minicucci. Normally, Brandon would take that CASM question, but I think I'm
going to start and have Brandon chime in. Simply because on the operations
side, we drive mainly the execution part of the cost side and -- what I want to
say is from me, I'm totally committed and my leadership team is totally
committed and accountable for achieving our CASM targets. Maybe just a few
points just to reiterate from the script. First, we are past the biggest part
of the integration and so we are now squarely focused on running this operation
well. And what I'll say is a well-run operation has lower costs, and on top of
that, we don't buy our performance. So that is something that, after this
integration, we are totally focused on that.

Second is this network schedule. We are working hand-in-hand
with Andrew at getting this Network schedule right; optimizing it for revenue
and profit as well as cost and productivity is critical for us as we calibrate
our growth to 2%. Third, and I'm going to put another exclamation point on this
is getting back to this high productivity. As we've always had high
productivity in our history, and we are going back to our peak levels that
we've had pre-integration. My team's every division has clear goals on
productivity. For this year, you've seen good cost performance this year on
productivity. And as we're developing the 2019 budget, our productivity goals
are clear, and we're managing this at the daily and weekly levels, so that we
can make adjustments as we go. We're not waiting till the end of the month. And
lastly, we're going to attack overhead. We got initiatives on healthcare, crew
hotel costs and management headcounts. So with all of that, we're feeling
confident on how we're going to attack CASM with our 2% growth that we're
putting in place.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Hey Rajeev, it's Brandon, good morning.
I'll take the second part of the question. Your question was did CapEx come
down, given the lower growth rates. The answer is, no. Although, we were
looking at that just yesterday -- I will remind you that we brought our 2019
CapEx guide down to $750 million from like $1.2 billion or something like that.
That was a big move. At this point, I think we're through with our aircraft
delivery stream restructuring. What we're going to do to accommodate the lower
capacity is just try to get the mods done and the paints done more quickly,
which I think is ultimately great for the guest experience and great for our
ability to get through the integration fully and on to better things.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Thanks, just a brief follow-up. Ben, I
appreciate your thoughts and your color, but what does that actually mean for
unit costs going forward? I mean, can we do sort of flattish, down, just some
color. Brandon, that's for you as well, obviously.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, I might jump in. Ben did a good
job listing all of the things that we're working on the cost side. What I would
say is we had a very aggressive planning mindset around costs coming out of the
integration to get those to be flat to down on 4% growth. What I can tell you
is things are different around here in terms of our mindset about costs
following the integration, as I said. We have no less vigor in the
aggressiveness with which we're working in the costs planned, we just have
fewer ASMs now to spread those costs over. So we're going to get into the
budget process, and we'll see where that ultimately takes us.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So Brandon, Investor Day, is that your
target for the 2019 cost guidance.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, exactly.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Michael
Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two kind of network questions
here. Andrew, maybe you can help and, Brad, you can chime in as well. I just --
when I look at some of the capacity changes that you've made, it's good you're
trying to do the right thing and it looks like markets that maybe aren't as
relatively accretive or even may be the relative diluted that you're backing
off of it. I just -- what I -- look at a market like Chicago to the West Coast
and you scaled back maybe to 1 or 2 flights a day. On one hand, it may become a
more profitable market, on one hand and yet, you run the risk of becoming less
relevant. And I mean, you look at the competition in that market and some of
your competitors may have half a dozen or even a dozen flights a day with some
bigger planes. So can you talk about your thought there? Maybe you just want to
cater to that loyal Alaska passenger who -- rather than its the Chicago
passenger or you got less connecting passengers, I mean, does that become a
potential concern? How does that weigh on your thinking on some of these cut
backs? Because some of them are pretty deep.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, thanks for the question. I think
big picture #1, the network is a very complicated and evolving puzzle piece. I
think we -- and again, we're not getting too deep in the weeds but what you are
and what you will continue to see are deeper off-peak demand cuts, especially
on seasonal flying. You are going to see less red eyes at these fuel prices,
and you're going to see us, especially with Dallas Love Field, for instance,
going to the east, getting out of Havana. And as I shared on the prior call,
we, for the first time over the last little bit, have started taking down the
legacy Virgin network where we felt like the capacity and the markets we were
flying weren't the right ones. All the adjustments we're making, we believe,
strategically, are still strong. We're going to pick and choose as we go along
here where we going to cut and grow. But I think in answer to your question,
we'll be focusing on our strength on the West Coast, we'll be focusing on our
growing loyalty base, and we're going to be focusing on increasing our unit
revenues and profitability.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And Andrew, I know you and your team do
think a lot about utility. We want to have a schedule that works for people.
Mike, to your specific question, we probably do think more about the West Coast
origin customer as opposed to midcon or East Coast. So we probably don't need
the same schedule coverage as somebody is really focusing hard on both ends.
But yes, utility does matter, you try to balance utility, returns on capital
and so forth.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: And that -- this just brings up sort
of my second question, and I would say that a lot of the things that you just
said probably answer the second question. But when I look at Alaska pre-merger,
you were spending the incremental effort beyond Seattle, Portland, et cetera,
was growing California secondary cities, and you were building up a nice
presence there. You then have the merger with Virgin, and now all of a sudden,
you have big presence in California primary cities, notably San Fran, LAX
airports. As I see today, on one hand, you've got Southwest breathing down your
neck in the secondary markets, and you have the legacies in the primary
markets, and I have been watching your schedule changes and you're sort of
shifting back and forth, and -- I mean, can Alaska maintain a strong presence
and relevance in both primary and secondary California markets and still
achieve its return objectives? And I've sort of premised this with the fact
that you have answered some of that in your prior question, but I do look at
that as there are some areas where I suspect you may be struggling.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Mike, it's Brad. I think you're watching
the schedule adjustments we make. What I would go back to is Alaska has a real
competitive advantage that we believe in. We've got a great balance sheet, a
great fleet, our people offer fantastic service, we've been able to run this
thing in a way where we do have materially lower costs than the big guys and we
translate that into lower fares. So we are big believers in the competitive
advantage that Alaska has. You're right, we do fly into both secondary cities
in California, and with the Virgin acquisition, more into SFO and LAX. I don't think
we're going to say on this call what our plans are going to be in the future,
but our idea in the future is going to be to grow the network consistent with
our sense of where the opportunities are and consistent with our own sense of
what our competitive advantage is. So maybe that's what we can share today.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Duane
Pfennigwerth with Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD, EVERCORE ISI
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES, RESEARCH DIVISION: Can you talk a little bit more or
expand on the underlying improvement you referred to in the last 30 days? Was
that a state of California specific comment? And to what extent did you bake in
that improvement into your 3Q revenue outlook?

SHANE TACKETT, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT & E-COMMERCE,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Duane, it's Shane Tackett. Thanks for the question. Yes,
it's primarily been California that we've seen improvement in. That's
primarily, and I think you've probably heard this from others on the closer-in
fares that are sort of within 21 days of travel. Those have lapped some pretty
low levels from last year and they're inching up, in fact, in a number of
cases. Demand is super strong. There's lots of people flying still. So it's
primarily been driven down in California, yes. And I mean, we're optimistic
just about as we move through Q3 and Q4, not only what we're seeing in sort of
the pricing environment stabilizing a little bit but all of the revenue
initiatives and synergy capture that starts to turn on that Andrew alluded to
in the script.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And then, just for my follow-up,
the Saver Fare $100 million estimate, can you just remind us when that starts
to turn on and how do you get to that estimate? And then maybe just more
broadly, what are you seeing in terms of the basic economy fares in the
marketplace? Is that where you've seen some of the improvement? Or are you
still seeing sort of dilutive walk ups out there?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, thanks, Duane. I'll take the Saver
question as well. And I would just remind folks, as Andrew mentioned in the
script and we talked about last time, we actually had 5 or 6 different revenue
initiatives that totaled $150 million. Saver is the biggest at $100 million. We
are fully in development mode and build mode now. We expect this to be in
market by Christmas of this year if not sooner. The way we got there is there's
been sort of publicly discussed upsell rates out of what other folks' products
are, basic economy into normal or standard main cabin tickets. Our expectation
is to be a little less than that because we have a slightly more generous
product and are slightly less reliant on business revenue network. But we're
sort of basing that on what we know other take rates are. In terms of the basic
upsell fares, they haven't really changed a lot in the past 6 to 12 months.
There is sort of market-specific dynamics where they may move around a little
bit, but they're pretty much in the range of $15 to $50 throughout the U.S. at
this point.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Savi Syth
with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: You mentioned this a little bit and
I wonder if you can elaborate a little bit more on the transcon, and what
you're doing there? One, what are you seeing today? And then, how quickly can
we start to see kind of the benefits of these network optimization as you move
some of the Boeing aircraft on to those routes?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Savi, we've actually already started
that process. And as we do that, it's just simply put the Boeing equipment has
a lot more seats, a lot more premium class seats and a lot more first-class
seats into these frequencies. And as Shane mentioned too, on these longer-haul
flights, these revenue initiatives that we're putting in place and they've
already started, and especially, the strength in Premium Class, all of these
initiatives really lend themselves strongly to these transcon flights. And so
we expect good healthy improvement. And to Shane's earlier point, we are seeing
strengthening in the close-in fare environment for these flights as well.

BENITO MINICUCCI: And Andrew, I'm just going by memory. I
think there's 200 flights transcon and Hawaii and about 70% of them by the fall
will be on Boeing, correct?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Sounds about right, Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI: And that only increases from there.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes. I think, Savi, just by January, we will
be basically fully cross-fleeted and beginning at sort of full run rate value
for that synergy.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: All right, great. And then, if I may
just follow-up on -- I know you mentioned kind of the softness in Hawaii. I
know Cancun has been brought up a little bit more. Is there any kind of
exposure on some of your international flying that you're doing? Or is it just
too small to really show up?

SHANE TACKETT: Thanks, Savi. I don't know that we mentioned
softness in Hawaii, but Mexico...

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: The volcano.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Volcano, yes. That's -- I think that sort
of stabilized itself. There was a bit of immediate -- when it was sort of on
the national news every single day, there was some book away. But it's pretty
much stabilized at this point. Mexico is good. It's a pretty small amount of
our network today. So it doesn't have a major impact on results. There is some
softness in Mexico Beach cities. I think you've heard other folks talking about
that but nothing like materially concerning.

OPERATOR: Our next question is from Jamie Baker with JP
Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: I kind of hate to
ask a modeling question, but you mentioned sequential RASM improvement in Q3
and Q4 or tracking towards that outcome. And indeed, the midpoint of the
succinct third quarter guide that you gave today does imply a sequential
improvement from the $0.1281 that you achieved in the second quarter. So are
you actually guiding to fourth quarter TRASM in cents per mile being above that
of the third quarter? Because if that is the actual guide, I mean, that's quite
healthy and nicely ahead of the usual seasonal change that one expects from Q3
to Q4?

SHANE TACKETT: Jamie, this is Shane. I don't think we're
prepared to give Q4 guidance today. I do think if you just sort of do the
arithmetic of the revenue initiatives and if you look at a stabilized pricing
environment as we lap all of the new market activity we had in Q3 and Q4 last
year, it does set us up nicely for the fourth quarter.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: I just want to make sure that I
understood your prepared -- I think it was in the prepared remarks that you
mentioned sequential RASM improvement in Q3 and Q4, is that correct? I'm not
trying to pin you down, or saying it's a guide. I'm just trying to understand
if I, perhaps, misunderstood your commentary as to sequential improvement.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: It's Brandon. I think it's possible
that you've misunderstood our succinct commentary. Our guide was more in the
context of year-over-year improvement, which is what Andrew talked about in his
prepared remarks, not the absolute value of TRASM from Q3 to Q4.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Got it. That's hugely helpful. And
just as it relates to California, quick follow-up. And you've already given us
some good granularity here. But we were seeing a lot more time channel pricing
at your primary -- well, one of your primary competitors on the West Coast, you
certainly won't hurt my feelings if you think that observation is irrelevant.
But could you at least opine on whether you do think that it matters? And if
it's something that you're seeing as well?

SHANE TACKETT: Jim, I actually want to make I fully
understand the question. West Coast time-based pricing?

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Yes, time channel pricing. We're
seeing a lot more -- well, I mean, it's not a state secret. We're seeing a lot
more Southwest fares with very specific time channel rules as part of the fare
base only available before 7:30 in the morning or only available on connections,
nonstops after 10 pm, that kind of stuff. And I'm just trying to -- I'm not
smart enough to say whether or not that matters, I think that it does. I'm just
curious what the experts feel?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, so I just wanted to get the semantics
right and make sure I knew what you're talking about. Yes, we've used
time-banded prices for a long time here. I think they're a very, very normal
revenue management tool in the industry. And I think that, in general, they
make a lot of sense. And it's not surprising to me that others would adopt
those at this point.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And when they do it, Shane, our basic
deal would be to match in that time slot, not to try to grow the impact.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, we generally are very competitive on
fares. And yes, we've used time banding to be competitive for a long time.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Helane
Becker with Cowen Securities.

HELANE R BECKER, MD & SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN AND
COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just have 2 unrelated questions. The first
is, do you guys focus on net promoter score? And if so, have you seen an
improvement year-over-year since the merger? And my second question completely
unrelated to that, you guys are a big part of cargo in the state of Alaska,
especially the postal service. And obviously, there is some talk and we should
hear in a week or 2 what the service levels of the USPS may be going forward.
Is that something that you would see an opportunity in if postal service levels
declined from 6 days a week to 3 or 4?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Helane, it's Ben. Your first question on
net promoter score, yes. The answer is yes. We do track net promoter score.
We've got a great customer analytics team, and we have something called Alaska
Listens, where we do ask the net promoter score. And what I'll say is we've
seen just improved performance on our net promoter score as we're getting
through this integration. It's very, very promising. We're actually making some
refinements to that question to make sure that it's as pure of a net promoter
score question as we can. And in other customer metrics, we're seeing those
improve as well. So we feel very good about that. Maybe on the second question,
some other folks can help me. What I can say is, we've got 3 freight airplanes
that we just converted. There are 3 700s that are converted, and we're seeing a
huge increase in revenues on our cargo airplanes as we're deploying them. I
think we have some opportunity. This U.S. postal service recent events, I'm not
too up to speed on that unless anybody else is, but I can tell you our current
team is extremely motivated and will jump on any opportunity to make sure that
we capture as much revenue as possible.

SHANE TACKETT: One thing I might just point out, Helane, in
the state Alaska, mail does work a little bit differently. We actually carry
USPS mail on a bypass basis. I won't get into the technical vagaries of it, but
we carry it on a daily basis on their behalf and it is a little different setup
up there.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: Brandon, I just want to make this
totally clear. Does your 2% ASM growth preclude you from keeping CASMex flat to
down? It sounds like there's a lot of moving parts, and I respect there's a
budgeting process. But if you could just say yes or no, is that still in play
for 2019?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Good morning, Hunter. We tried to
address this in our prepared remarks. We have an extremely aggressive focus on
cost. I will say that. It is difficult with 2% ASM growth to see a path to flat
to down CASM, but that does not mean that we're not going to work on it.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, that's fair. Thank you for that. And
then, I don't know, this is maybe for Shane. What do you know about these
people redeeming points Shane? Are these people with small point balances that
are just like flushing 20,000 points, like their last 20,000 points away and
then not going to come back? Or are these Alaska loyalists that are just taking
advantage of like a dislocation in some of the offerings and just taking
advantage of some maybe temporarily low price points? I just want to make sure
that we didn't buy a bunch of Virgin customers that are just going to abandon
the new airline because their beloved Virgin is now gone, and they're just like
flushing away their points. You know what I mean?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Hunter, this is Andrew. I might take
this on. I've been expecting this question. Take it up to the 50,000-foot level
here. At the end of the day, what happened here is that, as you know, we have a
very generous loyalty program. The problem was we were just way too generous
post PSS. There's a couple of key drivers to that. Firstly, we just weren't
step up correctly with our inventory. We were way too open, just to say it. Our
lowest fare award redemptions were up 40% year-over-year. So we're all about
generosity, but we had the inventory misaligned with the demand. The PSS
transition happened right in the peak summer booking window, and then we board
on all of these airbus that we underestimated how that was going to be, and
then, of course, our good partner, American Airlines, had full access to our
network as well. So when you combine all of those things together, that was the
huge spike in demand. It was by our regular loyal members. Business as usual,
we even saw some of it up in the Pacific Northwest because of our inventory
challenges. So this was a one-time thing. There's about 150 basis points of
drag this quarter, it'll be the same next quarter. And we've just made
adjustments to bring the generosity back to our standard levels. This was a
miss on our part. But it's behind us now, and we feel good going forward. So
that's what happened with loyalty.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Dan
McKenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: So non-fuel costs are likely up somewhat next
year, but you were pretty clear you're expecting margin expansion. So revenue
up even more, I guess. To what extent has Intra-california impacted RASM at the
system level? Is this 5% of the business impacting RASM by, say, 100 basis
points, 200 basis points? And I guess, I'm just trying to get a little bit of a
handle on the source of sequential improvement as we head into the back half of
the year and into next?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, I'll take that. I mean, we
obviously don't comment on specific market performance. Intra-cal is only 2.5%
of our total capacity, just to put that into perspective. I think really, to
your question, is what we are seeing is a sequential improvement in these new
markets on a couple of levels across the system is volumes, and the volume is
getting much stronger. And many of these markets too are on regional aircraft,
and Shane and the team are getting much better and more sophisticated about how
we sell both Premium Class and First Class in these areas. So I think bigger
picture, really the story here is the pricing in general in California across
the board. And as Shane mentioned and we had mentioned in our prepared remarks,
we're seeing good positive changes, especially in the close-in booking windows
in those fares. So that's really what's going on.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: I see, okay.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Dan, it's Brandon, just one other
thought. In your lead in, you had a couple of important points. One is, we have
a margin improvement plan for 2019 - that's absolutely correct. The second is
as you almost threw up the white flag on costs being up a couple of points or
whatever you said, and I don't know that, that's fair. We haven't given any
guidance yet for 2019 costs, and I don't want to just accept that as a given.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: I thank you for that clarification.
That's helpful. Another question here, just Hawaii becoming the bigger
competitive dynamic. That's likely to persist into next year. So as we think
about margin expansion, it seems to me there must be some confidence that you
could execute on that even with some competitive challenges that are likely to
persist. Is that a fair characterization?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: You know, I think specifically, Dan, in
relation to Hawaii, what we feel really good about and you've seen us made
adjustments in the fourth quarter across the Pacific Northwest and California
and our frequencies. But more importantly, the changes that we've been talking
about, the Premium Class, the Saver Fares, the change fees and all of these
revenue enhancements, Hawaii will be a very strong recipient of these increases
in yields and improvement in profitability. So we feel really good about our
Hawaii network, the strength of it, and the revenue initiatives we're putting
in place, as well as the cost reductions will all go directly to the Hawaii
franchise.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And competition is what makes this
country and this industry great. But we have seen assignments in Hawaii. We
have Premium Class, First class, as Andrew mentioned, we have fantastic
on-board food and beverage service. And we have fares that frankly are about as
low as anybody else's. So we actually think we're set up nicely for Hawaii in
'19 and '20.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Thanks for that color. And I'll just really
squeeze one last housecleaning, this is quick here. Ben, what are the primary
metrics behind the productivity targets, and I guess, if you're using full-time
equivalents per aircraft, where are you at today What does it look like in
2019?

BENITO MINICUCCI: So, a great question. First, every
division has a specific metrics, so it depends. I would say for pilots and
flight attendants, we track hard time. So we will set a target, for example, at
69% hard time for pilots and 74% hard time for flight attendants. For
mechanics, it's mechanics to airplanes. For customer service agents, it's the
number of agents per departure. And then, it all rolls up, as you see, a number
that we publish that is the number of passengers per FTE...

So what we do is we just get granular with every division to
make sure that productivity is at peak level, and then it rolls up to an
overall number that you see.

LAVANYA SAREEN: And then the number we really manage to is
at the division level, like Ben said, and it obviously gets way more granular
than that on hard time and soft time, and that's what we focus on, on a daily
basis to drive the business.

BENITO MINICUCCI: And Dan, it could be like training and how
many people are on a company business and union business and all those sorts of
things.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel, Nicolaus.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a follow-up on
Hunter's question, he is slowly becoming the loyalty program expert here.
Andrew, is it fair to say that come in a standard environment that you're
indifferent from a PRASM standpoint, whether you sell a seat with miles or
dollars?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I would say, in short, no, we're not
indifferent. I think we're trying to balance 2 very important economic drivers
of our business. One is obviously selling revenue tickets and the other one is
to continue to grow the loyalty program, which is also generating significant
economics through both the card and buying passengers. I think the industry
right now is basically indifferent. I would say, we are not at that place.
Although we are continuing to work on how indifferent we do plan to be as it
relates to loyalty going forward. So we think we have the best of both worlds
right now.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then, when you think about
going from a 4% to 2%, and I think you talked a little bit about this but maybe
a little bit more detail would be helpful, like, where did those 2 points come
out of? And is the market like Hawaii where there's clearly going to be a
decent amount of capacity next year. Is that somewhere where you could reduce
and fund capacity elsewhere? Just how should we think about that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: The easiest way to think about 2019
capacity at 2%, it's essentially everything we've announced and started this
year continues on to next year. So to the extent we announced any new markets
or changes, that just means to your point will be pulling down other areas of
our network and reallocating it. But essentially, this is just this year's run
rate going forward.

OPERATOR: Your next question is from the line of Brandon
Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP & SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So Brad, I mean, I guess, if we could do
the postmodern here and, I guess, this kind of coming off Hunter's question too
but maybe in a different way. Is it just proving to be more difficult for some
of the bigger California markets to be a #2 or #3 player and you're just not
getting the returns or the, let's say, revenue or recognition you would have
thought you'd get from the customer base there as you've increased your
presence?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: No. Thanks, Brandon, good question. I
don't think that's the case. I'll just say having been here a long time now, on
some of these markets -- we've worked a long, long time to develop a loyalty
position and a market share that we have developed. And then when you have that
position, it's an incredible loyalty and economic driver for your business. So
I don't think it would've been right for any of us to sort of expect overnight
material shifts in market share, where you're holding industry standard RASM or
anything like and that wasn't our expectation. I do think what's happening is
as we've moved into a lot of these markets, there has been elevated competition
in some of that. We brought on new flying ourselves, and we did it at a time
when fuel prices were rising a lot. And that's one of the things we're trying
to talk about now. So I think the combination of us putting new flying in, our
competitors putting new flying in, fuel prices coming up, where we're trying to
recover higher fares in that environment, it's been tough. --But tough is what
we do. This is the airline business. So I think as we look at this now, you've
seen over the last couple of calls, we've made downward adjustments to our own
capacity, and we're just continuing to make the most intelligent network
decisions that we can make. But I think California is a great marketplace,
great business, great economy there. It's very natural, we've been in
California for 40 years, it's very natural for us to have a bigger presence
there. We're very optimistic about how we're going to do there over the
mid-term. But this is what we're working through right now.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. And to the extent that you're
willing to share, I mean, nothing internally is suggesting that there was a
niche brand following at Virgin and that's eroding or did erode. That doesn't
seem to be the issue?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: I don't think so.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Okay, everybody, thank you very much for
tuning in today. We really appreciate your interest in Alaska, and we look
forward to talking with you all again in 3 months' time. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072618a11458371.771










 EXECUTIVES (92%); HOLDING COMPANIES (92%); SECURITIES
& OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); COMPANY EARNINGS (90%);
INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
(90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); STOCK OFFERINGS (89%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE
(78%); BANKING & FINANCE REGULATION (78%); CASH FLOW (78%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); MANAGERS
& SUPERVISORS (78%); MERGERS (78%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (77%); SECURITIES
LAW (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); ELECTRONIC COMMERCE (55%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(70%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(69%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (68%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC (67%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ) (83%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE)
(83%); DEUT (JSE) (68%); DBK (FRA) (68%); DBK (BIT) (68%); DBETN (JSE) (68%);
DB (NYSE) (68%)










 NAICS481111 SCHEDULED PASSENGER AIR TRANSPORTATION
(98%); SIC4512 AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED (93%); NAICS522110 COMMERCIAL
BANKING (84%); SIC6029 COMMERCIAL BANKS, NEC (84%); NAICS523110 INVESTMENT
BANKING & SECURITIES DEALING (83%); SIC6289 SERVICES ALLIED WITH THE
EXCHANGE OF SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES, NEC (83%); SIC6211 SECURITY BROKERS,
DEALERS, & FLOTATION COMPANIES (83%); NAICS551111 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (83%); NAICS523999 MISCELLANEOUS FINANCIAL INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
(83%); SIC6712 OFFICES OF BANK HOLDING COMPANIES (83%); SIC6022 STATE
COMMERCIAL BANKS (83%); NAICS523920 PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT (68%); SIC6282
INVESTMENT ADVICE (68%); SIC6081 BRANCHES & AGENCIES OF FOREIGN BANKS
(68%); COMMERCIAL BANKING (94%); AIRLINES (92%); BANKING & FINANCE (92%);
SECURITIES & OTHER INVESTMENTS (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); BANK HOLDING
COMPANIES (90%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (90%); INVESTMENT ADVISERS (90%); INVESTMENT
BANKING (90%); INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT (90%); NEW ISSUES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS
(89%); STOCK OFFERINGS (89%); ACCOUNTING (78%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE
(78%); BANKING & FINANCE REGULATION (78%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (76%);
SECURITIES LAW (75%); CAPITAL EQUIPMENT LEASING (73%); ELECTRONIC COMMERCE
(55%)










 ALASKA, USA (96%); UNITED STATES (79%)










 August 4, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
23, 2018 Monday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 10127 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President & COO of Alaska
Airlines Inc and CEO of Virgin America Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO & Executive VP of
Finance

* Matt Grady

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management &
e-commerce

Conference Call Participants

* Adam Jay Hackel

CRT Capital Group LLC, Research Division - Former Research
Associate

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays Bank PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Director and Equity
Research Analyst

* Duane Thomas Pfennigwerth

Evercore ISI, Research Division - Senior MD &
Fundamental Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
- MD & Airline Analyst

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Susan Marie Donofrio

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jesse, and I'll be your
conference operator today.

At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Alaska
Air Group First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call.

Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for
future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions)

I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Director of Investor Relations, Matt Grady.

MATT GRADY: Thanks, Jesse. Good morning, everyone, and thank
you for joining us for our first quarter 2018 earnings call.

On the call today, our CEO, Brad Tilden, will provide an
overview of the business; Andrew Harrison, our Chief Commercial Officer, will
share an update on our revenue results and outlook; and our CFO, Brandon
Pedersen, will discuss our cost performance and cash flow.

Several other members of our senior management team are also
on hand to help answer your questions.

Earlier this morning, Alaska Air Group reported first
quarter GAAP net income of $4 million. Excluding merger-related costs,
mark-to-market fuel hedging adjustments and other special items, Air Group
reported adjusted net income $18 million and adjusted earnings per share of
$0.14, ahead of the First Call consensus.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

On today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP financial
measures, such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding fuel. And as
usual, we've provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable
GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release.

And now, I will turn the call over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone.

This is a very important time for Alaska, as we're getting
through the most intense part of the merger and looking forward, in the
near-term, to shifting our focus from executing the merger to realizing the
value of it.

I think it's well known to most of you that the integration
is reaching a crescendo tomorrow night when we transition to a single passenger
service system, or PSS.

As we sit here today, we're encouraged by what we see. We're
just 16 months into the merger. And while there is always something for us to
learn and improve upon, we see a tremendous amount of strength and momentum. We
have a single operating certificate and a single loyalty plan. We've integrated
operational control of the Boeing and Airbus fleets in Seattle, and we have new
market-based agreements in place for 80% of our collectively bargained payroll.

We've also put in place new engine services agreements and
other long-term contracts that we will leverage across our flying as we move
forward.

We have an incredible team that's executing our cutover to a
single PSS. And when that is done, the majority of our systems integration work
will be behind us, enabling us to realize the benefits of this new and expanded
platform.

We are encouraged by the strength we see in our core
markets. Same-store RASM, including legacy Airbus markets, is positive versus
being negative last quarter. And we see positive signs in the vast majority of
our new markets.

When we look at new store RASM, as a percentage of
same-store RASM, we see sequential improvement.

In those markets where we don't see adequate improvement,
our team is tuning and refining the network, adjusting frequencies, departure
times, block times and day of week patterns.

Mileage Plan revenues exceeded plan by a substantial amount
this quarter. The higher network relevance we now offer has made our loyalty
program more attractive. And we were pleased to see the rapid growth of this
program become a tailwind to our first quarter results.

Guest loyalty is a key driver of synergies and, we believe
we're still in the early stages of harvesting the full potential of our
combined loyalty program.

As we complete our most important integration milestones
during the first half of the year, the future is bright.

Our platform, which is 33% bigger than it was just 16 months
ago and 100% bigger than it was 5 years ago, maintains the same competitive
advantages it always has.

We maintain an 18% cost advantage against the legacy
airlines. And if you look at the data, our fares are now, and historically have
been, on par with the majority of the LCC seats in the market.

We offer our first class product with the industry's best
pitch, a great premium cabin experience and a loyalty program that our
customers love and that was recently ranked #1 in the industry by U.S. News
& World Report.

Our people have been impacted by this merger, but they are
resilient and they care about the company and our future. They're running a
great operation and providing outstanding service to our guests, as evidenced
by them recently winning the #1 position in Airline Quality Ratings.

As you know, this rating is based on on-time performance,
completion rate, baggage handling and customer complaints.

At Horizon, our operation is fully stabilized. The new
leadership team, led by Gary Beck, hit the ground running and they have not had
a single pilot staffing related cancellation in the last 6 months.

Air Group's leadership team is simply the best in the
business. They've been working their tails off and I want to publicly thank
them now for the amazing things they've accomplished in 16 months.

As we optimize our combined operation and realize the
natural synergies that exist, we will continue to leverage our advantages to
ensure we deliver strong returns to shareholders for the New Alaska, regardless
of the economic or competitive environment.

As I mentioned, our entire organization has been preparing
for months to ensure that our transition to a single PSS goes smoothly tomorrow
night. This event will mark our shift to a single brand and customer experience
everywhere our guests interact with us.

In addition, all Virgin America stations will transition to
Alaska branding, procedures and processes.

Many of you have asked how we're preparing for this event
and what the risks are. One example of our preparation is the unique approach
we designed for the cutover.

Beginning last October, we required all reservations for
travel after April 25 to be booked in the Alaska Reservation System. This
allowed us to bleed down the reservations in the Virgin America system, and
this simple step results in us having no actual conversion of customer
reservations tomorrow night.

Our cutover is really more focused on training our employees
and operating the Alaska system throughout our expanded network.

Shane Tackett and others who are leading this effort are
here this morning and happy to address your questions during the Q&A.

PSS is the most critical milestone in our integration and it
will be a key achievement for our team. I want to thank the hundreds of
employees throughout our operation who are working tirelessly to get this done,
especially Sandy Stelling, Rosalie Hallenbeck, Toni Freeberg and Jill Chin.

With respect to revenue, Andrew will discuss a host of new
initiatives that we're working on, that will be rolling out over the remainder
of the year.

In addition to the network and schedule changes I mentioned
earlier, we also plan to roll out a fare segmentation platform in the late
fall, which is essentially Alaska's response to the industry's basic economy
fares, which are now prevalent.

We're also working on a number of other initiatives which
Andrew will cover.

With regard to costs, as we get through the merger, we're
reenergizing our focus on productivity and frugal overhead management to ensure
that the higher revenues we expect from new revenue initiatives and deal
synergies flow to the bottom line. Brandon will provide more details on the
cost front in a moment.

In summary, our team is executing well against the plan we
laid out on last quarter's call. Our capacity will grow just 4% in 2019 to 2020
as we continue to leverage our substantial growth of the last 5 years.

In addition, we expect that our new revenue initiatives and
deal synergies combined will produce an incremental $280 million of revenue in
2019.

We are absorbing substantially all of the merger-related
cost increases this year.

With these profitability initiatives and with our new
capital spending budget of $750 million for 2019 and 2020, we expect to produce
substantial free cash flow in the next couple of years.

As I close, I'd like to again thank our employees and our
leaders for doing a great job in the midst of a complex merger and for moving
our integration along in record time.

I could not be more excited about our future.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad and good morning,
everyone.

Total revenues for the first quarter rose 5.3% to $1.8
billion on capacity growth of 7.5%.

Though our RASM declined 2.1%, this result was 2 points
better than our fourth quarter performance and nearly 2 points better than the
midpoint of our Q1 guidance.

Despite significant competitive capacity in our markets, our
business showed resilience.

Our outperformance, relative to guidance, was primarily
driven by 3 things: network adjustments, growth in loyalty revenues and long
hours by our talented revenue management teams.

None of our outperformance came from any external industry
dynamic or overly conservative estimates. Rather, it was solid execution and
good old-fashioned hard work.

I also want to acknowledge our frontline teams who took care
of a record 10.5 million guests this quarter.

Our overall first quarter RASM performance can be
categorized as follows.

First, same-store RASM. That's RASM for all markets in
operation greater than 12 months. This was up 0.5% year-over-year. This
compares to same-store RASM in the fourth quarter of 2017 that was down 1.5
points. The sequential improvement came from solid demand, which was supported
by a more aggressive approach to seasonal cuts, particularly in the weaker
January and February period, and further fueled by growth in our loyalty
program.

Mileage Plan membership and Affinity Credit Card sign-ups
are tracking ahead of robust internal targets and credit card commission
revenues in particular outperformed plan.

The second category, new markets or markets in operation
less than 1 year. These markets did create a headwind, as we expected,
especially during the tough winter season.

New markets, which accounted for approximately 9% of our
capacity in Q1, fully accounted for our 2 point RASM decline. We expect these
markets to perform better as we enter the seasonally strong demand periods of
Q2 and Q3 and as they continue to mature.

Since we started only a handful of new markets this year,
the percentage of our capacity represented by new markets is set to decline to
just 3% of ASMs by Q4.

We estimate that Easter benefited Q1 results by about 1
point of RASM, and we factored that into our Q1 guidance, and that Q2 will be
impacted by a similar amount.

Given this, and the fact that both Alaska's and industry
capacity growth will peak this quarter, we are guiding to a second quarter RASM
range of down 2.75% to 3.75%.

As we committed at the time of our last earnings call, we've
undertaken significant steps to optimize our business model to ensure we
generate strong returns on invested capital, irrespective of the economic
and/or competitive environment.

In fact, the current competitive landscape has only fueled a
deeper conviction to make the necessary changes that are within our control to
generate higher unit revenues.

So let's start with the network, as the capacity planning
team has been hard at work to optimize our combined platform.

Starting with Q1. We became more proactive in dealing with
the increase in seasonality in our network since acquiring Virgin America
through day of week adjustments and fringing on lower-demand days. We also
repurposed capacity that had been allocated to slot-controlled markets, namely
Havana and Mexico City.

We've exited Havana and returned 2 of our 4 Mexico City
slots, freeing up aircraft for more productive uses.

And we've also made several adjustments to the legacy Virgin
America network.

First, we're announcing this morning that we've received
approval from the Department of Justice and have executed an agreement with
Southwest, under which Southwest will lease our 12 within perimeter slots at
LaGuardia and our 8 within perimeter slots at DCA.

The lease, which commences this October, enables us to
monetize these valuable slots, while reallocating our flying from DCA and
LaGuardia to Love Field to more strategic and profitable opportunities off the
West Coast.

The lease runs through 2028, at which point we have the
right to reassume flying using these slots, should we choose to do so.

Second, we reallocated 2 of our JFK slots, 1 each to Seattle
and San Jose, while continuing to maintain robust JFK schedules from LA and San
Francisco.

And finally, we discontinued a couple of long haul, low
yield markets, such as Los Angeles and San Francisco to CancÃºn, and Los
Angeles to Orlando.

The point is we are making leverage network adjustments that
ensure we maintain our West Coast utility while driving improvement in both our
unit revenues and pretax margins.

As we move into the second half of 2018, our capacity growth
moderates. We now expect to grow 6.5% this year. That's 1 point lower than our
previous guidance.

Looking ahead to 2019, our growth rate should settle in at
about 4% and become more consistent quarter-to-quarter.

We also look forward to the opening of the expanded and
modernized north satellite terminal, here at Sea-Tac airport, a terminal which
will be exclusive to Alaska and will house our new 15,000 square-foot rooftop
lounge.

We are the only domestic airline that provides paid,
first-class guests complimentary access to our lounges. So this will be very
well received by our premium travelers.

We also expect to open our new lounge at JFK in Terminal 7
at the end of the month.

We discussed last quarter how our transition to a single
passenger service system will unlock our ability to begin capturing merger
synergies.

With the PSS transition happening tomorrow night, we now
find ourselves on the threshold of this major inflection point in our
integration, and one that will support meaningful improvements to our revenues.

And speaking of revenue improvements, and the ones that Brad
alluded to, we've been evaluating changes to our revenue model, and I'm excited
to give you more definition around these.

This fall, we will introduce a new option for our guests
called the Saver Fare. This low priced product will be limited to seats
assigned at the rear of the aircraft and guests will board last.

Upgrades for Elites will not be permitted and the ticket
will not be changeable or cancelable.

We believe this new offering will generate $100 million in
annual revenues for 2019 and is incremental to merger synergies.

In addition, we are implementing a series of revenue
products and policy changes, effective now through June, that collectively, we
expect to drive another $50 million in annual revenues for the full year of
2019.

These include offering exit rows for sale, introducing
dynamic pricing for our 6 million Premium Class seats per year, leveraging new
technology to better manage revenue post-sale, and eliminating fee waivers for
changes made outside of 60 days. We believe these changes provide guests with
more options and reflect the significant increase in the value of our expanded
network and product.

While these initiatives will not hit their full run rate
until next year, we do expect them to contribute approximately $20 million in
revenue over the back half of this year.

Our entire commercial organization is lined up to deliver on
these initiatives as well as unlocking the substantial synergies from the
combination of Alaska and Virgin.

With that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO & EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone.

Mentioned earlier, Air Group posted their first quarter
adjusted net profit of $18 million or $0.14 a share.

Our near breakeven results came during a time of merger
integration activities, significant new market development, rising fuel prices,
new labor agreements and continuing the areas of competitive pressure in our
network.

I want to underscore the very important message you heard in
Brad's and Andrew's remarks. That is, we're not happy with our results and
we're taking a number of meaningful steps to improve the profitability of our
business.

Q1 CASMex, fuel rose 5% near the low end of our initial
guidance. Our initial guidance, however, did not include the $9 million impact
of the new agreement with our flight attendants. Though we did see some costs
that we initially expected in Q1 shift into future quarters that basically
offset it. The impact to the flight attendant contract and the pilot contract
that took effect in Q4, accounted for 2/3 of the 5% increase.

Our flight attendant merger agreement/contract extension is
another important step toward completing the full integration of our work
groups. The contract aligns compensation for all of our fabulous flight
attendants and gives us clean line of sight to achieving an integrated
seniority list later this year.

It also sharpens our labor cost visibility. As Brad
mentioned, we now have 80% of our payroll that is represented by a CBA under
contract through April of 2020.

We now expect our full year unit cost to be up about 3.5%.
The increase versus prior guidance is largely explained by the roughly $30
million impact of the new flight attendant deal.

The 1% reduction in capacity growth announced today does put
upward pressure on costs, but our FP&A team has done a good job of
identifying volume-related costs and pulling those out of divisional budgets.
And we should be able to absorb a portion of the fixed costs by creating
favorable variances elsewhere.

For example, we accelerated planned post-PSS headcount
reductions from the end of this year to July 31. As a result, we only have 0.2
points of additional CASM pressure on 1 full percentage point of capacity
reduction.

In general, I'm seeing examples of great back-to-basics cost
management across much of the company. The credit goes not only to our leaders,
but also to our frontline employees for embracing the need for productivity
gains.

Our airports and maintenance teams both get a shout out,
both are tracking very well on productivity metrics year-to-date.

We expect Q2 non-fuel cost to be up 4.5% on 8.5% growth. The
new market-based contracts with pilots and flight attendants and higher
maintenance costs arising from the power by the hour deal we signed last fall
are large drivers of the increase.

Touching on fuel. Per gallon costs were up 20% and total
economic fuel expense rose 29%, or $93 million, representing a significant
margin headwind. Our fuel-efficient fleet is saving us money. Our mainline fuel
efficiency, defined as ASMs per gallon, increased 1.5% this quarter over Q1 of
last year.

If we had last year's fuel efficiency producing current
ASMs, our Q1 mainline fuel costs would have been $5 million higher.

In addition, our WTI call options reduced our economic fuel
cost by another $5 million this quarter. With WTI crude now at $68 / barrel,
we're fortunate to have hedges in place covering 47% of planned consumption for
the remainder of the year, with an average strike price of $64 a barrel.

Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $1.5
billion of cash.

Total cash flow from operations was $315 million, ex
merger-related costs, which are actually pretty modest at this point.

Andrew mentioned the strength of our loyalty program and
Affinity Card and we're seeing it in cash flows as well. Our Q1 Affinity Card
cash inflows nicely beat both Q1 of last year and our budget.

Meanwhile, net CapEx for the quarter was $230 million,
resulting in about $75 million of free cash flow, again, ex-integration costs.

Improving our free cash flow generation was a major reason
we reduced planned CapEx to $1 billion this year, and $750 million in each 2019
and 2020.

To accomplish our CapEx objectives, our fleet team
restructured our 3-year delivery skyline during the quarter. Kudos to them, and
a big thanks to Boeing and our other partners for working with us.

Our balance sheet continues to get stronger, with total
on-balance sheet debt declining another $120 million since year-end.

With leases, our quarter-end adjusted debt-to-cap stands at
53%, flat with year-end after adjusting for the book equity impact of adopting
the new revenue accounting standard.

We still expect to reduce on-balance-sheet debt further over
the course of the year and for debt-to-cap to improve to 50% by year-end.

We remain committed to further improving our conservative,
investment-grade balance sheet.

During Q1, we returned $51 million to shareholders via $39
million in dividends and $12 million in share repurchases. We still expect to
repurchase $50 million of our stock this year, which, when combined with the
dividend, will result in about $200 million returned to shareholders.

We have a lot of work to do to improve our profitability.
Today you've heard about important revenue initiatives that should boost our
top line. The imminent PSS cutover will unlock revenue synergies. We're
refining the network and have a multi-year capacity plan that makes sense for
our larger platform. We're going to aggressively control costs and we've
lowered capital spending.

This won't be easy -few things in this industry are - but if
we deliver on these plans, we'll generate much higher free cash flow in 2019
and 2020 and should have the ability to return cash to shareholders in amounts
that approach levels not seen since 2015.

And with that, let's go to your questions, and then on to
PSS cutover.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from Jamie Baker of JP Morgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: We're having a lot
of trouble with our phones here. Can you hear me?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: What do you think is driving the
momentum in loyalty? I mean you mentioned that it came in ahead of our
expectations. I'm curious if that speaks merely to having a conservative
forecast or, I don't know, do you have an estimate as to how many Virgin
frequent flyer members have signed up for Alaska cards? I'm just trying to
gauge whether we're closer to the start or the finish in terms of current
loyalty momentum. Anymore color on that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Jamie. Hi, it's Andrew. Yes. I think the
best way to answer that question (really without going into too much detail)
is, what we're seeing and what we're sensing is that what we believed from Day
1 is that the new combined network, our product, our fare structure, our
people, everything about us that makes us so strong in the Pacific Northwest,
we're seeing that the same people in California are very much sensing that and
seeing that. And this is something different, something new for them. And it's
very exciting. My personal belief is that this is just going to continue to get
stronger and stronger as we continue to roll out our product.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. Appreciate that. And second, on
Saver Fares, I guess, this is a small point. But it sounds like basic economy
to me. And I think consumers increasingly know what basic economy means. I'm
just curious about the logic behind not calling it what most people are used
to. Is there a trademark issue or something?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I don't know. I mean basic economy -- I
mean, I will tell you one thing that is very significantly different, which is
really in the core of our brand, is when you book on Alaska Airlines, you get a
seat assignment. But when you book the Saver Fare, you will get a seat
assignment. I think that's extremely important to people. It's very important
to our guests. And if you look across the structure of Basic, Jamie, people
have different rules and policies around it. And I think our structure here is
one that I think meets the middle ground.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Savi Syth with
Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Just on the -- obviously, a lot
going on yet even after it comes to PSS and cutover. Could you remind me again
about the integration synergy, the timing of the rollout of those synergies,
and when we will start to kind of see them as you go through this year and next
year?

SHANE TACKETT, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT & E-COMMERCE,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Yes. Hi, Savi. This is Shane Tackett. Yes, this is by
the numbers. We had -- in 2017, I think we quoted $35 million of synergies. In
2018, we've had $65 million. By 2019, we've go to $195 million. And then they
ramp from there is to $300 million at the end of 2021. And we're basically on
track for all of those. Most of these are actually trackable. They are either
costs or things that have to do with cross-fleeting or the interior
configuration of the Airbus cabins, loyalty growth, cargo revenues. We can
track all of those pretty closely. And we're feeling good about where all of
that is right now. And sort of unlocking this stuff now that PSS is almost
behind us.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Got it. And then just with the new,
if I might follow up kind of a bit of Jamie's question. On the new product, is
that coming out in fall? Just any color around the rollout. If there is -- just
how the rollout might happen. I'm guessing if it comes out in the fall, it
starts showing up 2 months later in the fare environment. Is that ...

ANDREW R. HARRISON: That's correct, Savi. Essentially, we'll
start roll out in the fall. We'll be smart about it. And then sort of really
beginning in January. And Shane and the team are working right now on the whole
distribution and e-commerce side, which I'm actually really excited about. I
think the industry has been working on this for a few years. And the beauty is
we have hindsight here and looking at how everyone has done it and deciding on
how we want to do it.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Mike Linenberg with
Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just couple of questions here.
Andrew, you were talking about the leasing of the gates to southwest at
LaGuardia and DCA, and you threw Love Field into that. And I guess what -- is
it just from those 2 airports today, you fly only nonstop to Love Field? Is
that what that is? Is that what you're referencing?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: That's right, Mike. Both of those sort
of within primitive slots, if you will. So we can only really fly as far as
sort of Love Field or that part of the geography. So that's where we fly that
today. And of course, we'll be discontinuing that come October.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: The money that you'll get from
Southwest from -- on the lease of the, I guess, the gates and the slots. Is
that more of a rounding error or is that something like $5 million, $10 million
per year? I'm not -- how should we think about it?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: You know, obviously, I can't comment on
the magnitude. That's all privy to Southwest and Alaska. But what I will tell
you is that being able to monetize important slots and move flying around and
maintain our asset base for the future is really important for us.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And, Mike, probably more important than
the lease payments is just getting our network configured the way we want to
have it configured. Our whole idea was to -- is to build pockets of strength.
You hear us talk about loyalty all the time and we have fantastic loyalty in
the Northwest and we want to push this into California and then fly spokes out
of those cities. Flying from Dallas Love Field to both LaGuardia and Reagan
National at this point in the company's history was not strategic. And so we're
happy to do this transaction, so that we can line up our aircraft and our
assets with our strategies.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: And then, just, Brad, on that line
about getting the network right, I mean you did mention earlier on the call
that it -- with Horizon, the pilot situation is now under control. And yet when
I look at some of the route cancellations over the last like 3 to 6 months,
there have been a lot of E175, longer-haul routes out of Seattle and Portland
that have been cut. Is that -- when I saw that, I thought that was a
combination of pilots and underperformance. But it sounds like it's not pilots
at all. It's more about performance and getting the network right. Is that the
right interpretation of those cuts?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Mike. This is Andrew. That's
exactly right. I think we've had a lot of midcontinent routes, stuff out of
Portland. And --as we've looked at that, and with rising fuel, we've decided to
make changes.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Darryl Genovesi with
UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, you gave us some color on the
evolution of the revenue model. I guess, I was wondering more about this year.
I think back at your Investor Day, the last one that you had referred to, I
think, of incremental $35 million or so. That was supposed to come through from
the new premium brought up. Are you currently realizing that? Is that something
that ramps up more in the second half? I think the product is fully available.
We're just wondering how the revenue generation is going.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: That's correct. Shane is the mastermind
here. I'll let him give you some color on that.

SHANE TACKETT: Darryl. I think you're referring to Premium
Class, which we've finally got fully rolled out with all of our Boeing fleet
reconfigured earlier this year. It's been phenomenal. We started with kind of a
3 -- an easy sort of price strategy, just 3 or 4 prices for the entire country.
We're now moving price around based on demand and we're well ahead of all of
our internal sort of expectations around this. It's been a phenomenal product
for us.

UNIDENTIFIED ANALYST: So you're ahead relative to the $35
million number?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Well, and then, Brandon, on the non-op. I
don't think you guided it for the full year. But you're about $40 million in
the first half. Should we think about the second half as being a similar
number?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: I think about that as being slightly
less than that. We're probably tracking to be, if I have to guess, at this
point, probably $16 million a quarter in Q3, Q4.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Dan McKenzie with
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Andrew, I believe the statistic is that 20% of the
revenue is tied to business travel spend. And so first, what does an average
business fare look like on Alaska? And how much has it deteriorated following
the introduction of basic economy by the big 3? I'm just trying to get some
perspective on how this is going to reconcile with the $100 million estimate
that you've given for Saver Fares and the premium economy?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So, Dan, I might -- if Shane has any
commentary on close-in. Here's what I would say and I'm going to probably
provide more color. As you may have heard, we have a new Vice President of
Sales, David Oppenheim. And it's been amazing working with him and looking at
our sales structure, where it's all coming from, our contracts and, of course,
from the new network. What I will basically say is that, I am very optimistic
about where we can go with sales. Specifically to your question, I'll let Shane
comment on some of the close-in stuff. But I just see upside on the sales side.

SHANE TACKETT: On closing fares, I think, we've been
watching these for the last several quarters. There are some that they're sort
of oddly low, just relative to what you would expect. We've had really good
demand generally across the network. I think everybody's kind of seen that
we've had really good demand across all APs. There's been no fall off on the
business side. So we would anticipate some of the fares on the low today toget
to more normalized levels over time. But the real focus we've had is on things
that we can control. And that's why it's more important to us to really focus
on these new revenue initiatives that sort of don't depend on the economic or
competitive backdrop.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Got it. And then the down 25% to 30% in
intra-California and Transcon, how is that trending? Just relative to the
question?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Sorry, Dan. Just what's the -- the 25%
to 30% is from...

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Yes. You had mentioned in the last
earnings call that intra-California and transcon, walkup fares were down 25% to
30%. I'm just trying to get some perspective on how those have inflected? Or
how they are inflecting?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, it's moving around quite a bit,
honestly, market by market. And I don't recall the specific markets we were
quoting before. But there are some that are still depressed in California and
transcon. Others that have sort of rebounded and come back. So it's pretty
dynamic on the West Coast, just from a pricing standpoint today.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: But I would say that, it's basically not
any worse. If anything, it's actually better than when we spoke in the last
quarter. And again, as we move into the second and third quarter, in the
stronger demand periods, I think we'll continue to see the dynamic evolve one
way or the other.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Okay, got it. And then just a quick
second housecleaning question here. Where are we in terms of reconfiguring the
Airbus fleet? When -- how many planes do you expect to have done in the second
quarter and the third quarter? What's the pace of that rollout?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, Dan. This is Shane again. We start in
September of 2018, we'll get our first aircraft reconfigured. And we're going
to produce at something like 5 per month. Although, some are 3, some are 7. So
we'll have about 1/2 the fleet done by the summer of 2019. We'll have the whole
fleet done by end of year 2019. It's pretty ratable how we get through them.
There is 70 aircraft to go through. So once we get going, it's about 5 a month.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani with
Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Brad, actually a question for you. On the last call and this call too,
you talked about just responding to the challenges associated with the Virgin
deal and operations overall. Do you feel like you've made significant progress
and have line of sight that this stuff is behind you? And that you can maybe
start beating some of the targets that you've got laid out ahead of you here?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks for the question, Rajeev. And I
certainly do. I will say that mergers are big deals. And it's -- you bite off a
lot. And I think anyone that's been through a merger would tell you that. But
if you look at us today, we're 16 months into it. The labor, the cultural side
of it is very, very important. And we've got more work to do. But we do have
80% of our collectively bargained payroll that's got new market-based agreements.
And that's a great accomplishment. It sets up -- sets us up to get integrated
seniority lists, which sets us up to sort of get the cultural stuff settled and
moving forward.

Systems, tomorrow night is a huge night. As you know, many,
many systems cut over at the beginning of the year. But with PSS behind us,
that's a huge accomplishment. The loyalty stuff, all of the decisions with
outside deliveries of airplanes, seating, brand, onboard service, all of that
stuff is done. And we're now really in a position to begin to leverage it. So I
think the fares we've shared are the -- as of this moment, we think we're 65%
or 70% of the way through the merger. By the end of this quarter, by June 30,
we think we'll be 85% of our way through the merger. And last, just to really
focus on taking advantage of this incredible network and incredible product
that we do have. So, yes. I think we are in a really good position today. I
appreciate the question.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Yes, got it. And then, Andrew, Shane, a
question for you. Just on the competitive headwinds that you've been seeing on
capacity or pricing, what are you embedding in your 2Q RASM as far as the hit
associated with it? Obviously, I'm just trying to get a sense of what the
tailwind could be as we move forward. And then just on the tailwind in some of
the development markets you were talking about, as far as how that's improving.
What's the opportunity there from a RASM perspective? If you can hopefully
provide it.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, Rajeev. I'll take a crack at this.
Just, as these were noted on the script, and I'll get to the pricing question
that the entire reduction in unit revenues for Q1 really was from new markets.
So I think the same stores have been very strong and resilient and I just want
to remind folks of that. I think the real question, and I don't know that we do
have a view on how much sort of the net total of competition and growth and
pricing is impacting us. I don't know that I'll break all of that down. But the
real question for Q2 for us will be close-in pricing. I think that's what makes
some of these quarters hard to call because we don't know until we get there.
But right now, as we look at Q2, we see fares that are sort of what we would
expect them to be. And especially, as we get into June and higher demand
months, they look to be holding up right now.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: The other thing I will add is, as I
shared in my prepared remarks, is that the second quarter looks to be the high
watermark obviously of our growth but also industry capacity growth. And I
think as we moved into Q3 and 4, unless the world changes dramatically, you're
going to see it declining or a tailwind, if you will, as it relates to those 2
key factors.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Sorry, on the development markets, can you
guys provide a number as to what the hit was in 1Q? Or what you're expecting in
2Q?

SHANE TACKETT: I think, Andrew had mentioned this in the
script. He quoted the entire 2.1%. Unit revenue reduction in Q1 was really the
new market impact.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay with
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I'm sorry, can you just tell us
the Southwest deal again? Just lay it out for me 1 more time. I want to make
sure I get it right. And then does it require regulatory approval, particularly
given what the DoJ said about Love Field when they approved your merger?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: So Hunter, it does require regulatory
approval and we have that. So we did have to take this justice department and
we do have that approval. It is a done deal. It's 20 slots from Dallas, Love
Field to both LaGuardia and Reagan National Airport. And they're 10-year
leases. It's 2018, they go through 2028, at which point they come back to
Alaska. There is a provision with a couple of the pairs, that if they were to
become outside of perimeter slots during this 10-year period, they could come
back. Alaska could get those slots back. So those are the basic provisions.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, cool. And then as you consider
Andrew, I think you are the one that mention your work around with Shane and
some distribution stuff and e-commerce, but as you consider the new product
segments here with Sabre -- Saver -- Sabre. Well, actually this is a Sabre
question. With Saver, are you going to be in a position to where you might be
able to push for a partial content agreement the next time your GDS contract is
up to really drive home some customization and some ability to keep some of
your content into the channels that you think is best for Alaska going forward?

SHANE TACKETT: That's an excellent question. It's not
honestly one we've really spent a lot of time on just with everything else
going on. Content, obviously, is a big, big deal to us. And so the GDS, I
imagine, will be front and center and sort of future negotiations with them.
Just so you know, we've got a pretty long term agreement with most of our GDS
providers as we sit here today. So this would be a little outside of a couple
years in the future, if we were able to do anything there.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Helane Becker of
Cowen.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So my first question is as you think about
the capacity adjustments that you made this year, when you go forward into
fourth quarter and first quarter of next year, can we expect that there would
be more seasonality in the route network and therefore, more seasonality or
more adjustments in capacity? Or are you happy with kind of the changes you
made this year?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: It's Andrew. I think we're still working
through the seasonality. We're currently working on the fall schedule and were
making additional adjustments there. And probably some final refinements. So I
think sort of over the back half and into early '19. The other thing I will
share with is Ben Minicucci, our president, and myself and our team is working
extremely closely together to align our capacity adjustments with their staffing
and how they work with us to make sure that this is a very efficient and highly
productive adjustment to our network.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Helane, I do think we're in a world where
getting that capacity exactly right is as important as it's ever been. So the
stuff that we've mentioned about the day of week adjustments, the last flight
on a Wednesday night or the last flight was on Saturday night -- making those
refinements is as important today in this revenue environment than it's ever
been and it's something where we are spending a lot of energy on going forward.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then just as my follow-up
question, last time you talked a little bit about construction and at Sea-Tac
and the limitations at the airport there because of congestion. Can you just
update us on how that's going? And if capacity has been kind of adjusted so
that you don't have the delays that you've had in the past and what's going on
with costs associated with that airport?

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC
AND CEO OF VIRGIN AMERICA INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Helane, it's Ben. Yes,
Seattle -- I would say Seattle is full. We've got gate constraints. We've got
air space constraints. I will tell you it's not uncommon to see 20 airplanes
lined up for takeoff at peak times of the day. So taxi times have gone up. So
costs at Sea-Tac to operate have gone up. Sea-Tac is full. There is
construction to create hardstand positions to help improve the gate situation.
But there's no doubt costs are going up to operate at this airport.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Right. But what are you doing to
mitigate that, I guess this is really my question.

BENITO MINICUCCI: In terms of cost or operations?

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Well maybe both, Ben.

BENITO MINICUCCI: On the operating side, so with taxi times
going up 60%, 70%, the costs go up, because they're now part of block time. So
you've got to add that time at the block time. So as you increase block times,
the cost to operate that market goes up. So what you see is, the adjustments on
block times and ground times naturally go up. And of course, investments that
you make in the airport get translated in rates and charges. So.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, this is Andrew. Since the last
quarter, we now have at lease Sea-Tac, which was a big deal, 5-year term. In
that lease, it's very clear on how many common use gates the port will be
taking back over each of the next 5 years, which didn't exist before. So we
have real solid line of sight to the infrastructure and where this is all going
and again, to Ben's comments, it gives us a better ability to manage our
operation going forward and be increasingly efficient over time.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Duane Pfennigwerth
with Evercore.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH, SENIOR MD & FUNDAMENTAL
RESEARCH ANALYST, EVERCORE ISI, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, as you've had more
time to study the Virgin network from an optimization perspective, what were
some of the things they did from a planning perspective, specifically with respect
to seasonality that you see room to continue to improve from here?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: You've got to give Virgin America a lot
of credit, just given their size and the markets they were in they really
didn't have a lot of opportunity to do any seasonality quite frankly. I mean
they ran 6 flights JFK-Los Angeles, a lot of the year, so I think with the
permutations and combinations of our network and connecting and our new
markets, even connections beyond -- pardon, the hubs, I think there's a real
opportunity to reduce the seasonality going forward. And that's what we're
doing. You see that with moving slots around and we are doing that currently.

DUANE THOMAS PFENNIGWERTH: And just to stay with you for the
respect to the series of revenue initiatives that you talked about, Axl Rose,
dynamic pricing, fee waivers, et cetera. I think you threw out a $20 million
number for the back half. But obviously not all of those things get switched on
day one. So how would you think about those combined on an annual basis?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Again, on an annual run rate, '19, the
Saver Fare was about $100 million and the ones that you just mentioned, we put
out about $50 million run rate for 2019.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Joseph DeNardi with
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, MD & AIRLINE ANALYST, STIFEL,
NICOLAUS & COMPANY, INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brandon or Andrew, I
think, you guys made a change to the revenue side of your income statement. I'm
wondering if you could just spend a minute or two just talking about what is in
Mileage Plan Other revenue? What it represents? And then why you chose to break
that out? Why do you think it's important?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: It's Brandon. I'll take that one. So
the Mileage Plan Other line has 2 things basically. One is the commission
revenue that we earn when we sell miles through the bank, some might call it
the marketing element, which is actually most of what's in that line. And then
the other is the net benefit if you will of having our members earn -- excuse me
-- redeem for travel on other airlines minus the settlement cost that we paid
to those other airlines. That's what's in there. In terms of the presentation,
I would love to take more credit but probably don't actually deserve that much.
We had always talked about that number in the footnotes and what we did, Chris
and his team, decided to move that to the face of the income statement. I think
that makes sense, as you've been pointing out, it's a very important part of
the business and we wanted to give it a little more visibility given its
magnitude.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then Brandon, another one
for you on CASMex next year. Can you just remind us what the goal is with the
4% capacity growth? Is it down? Is it flat? And kind of how realistic are those
targets at this point?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, I think if you go back to last
quarter's call, we said we had a planning mindset of costs having to come -- or
be flat to slightly down. It wasn't guidance but it was directionally where we
thought we needed to go. I think if you look at our cost over the last couple
of years, there's been some step changes in the cost structure. As we look at
it, we have, I think, a lot of opportunities to do things with the cost
structure. We are actively working 2018 also, we haven't even gotten to a point
of thinking about '19 budget but what I will tell you is that there's been a
fair amount of energy already thinking about initiatives that we're going to
undertake this year so that we can really make sure to keep costs in focus
going into next. And for us, we are mindful of the fact that costs have have
been a really big part of this company's success and we are focused not only on
the year-over-year change but on the absolute advantage we continue to maintain
against our legacy competitors.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Kevin Crissey with
Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe for Andrew, I wanted to talk about the
$100 million Saver Fare contribution. And maybe what assumptions go in there. I
know you probably have limitations as to how you can describe it. But working
in a general sense then maybe what assumptions get you to the $100 million,
percent of markets that is rolled out, how competition responds to it.
Generally, I think the numbers that have been thrown out by other airlines
haven't remotely been achieved, at least in my opinion. So I want to understand
what assumptions you've made in your $100 million?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. This is Shane. Yes. I
might not get into all of the specifics but I think you've got the variables
right. We're sort of assuming a large percentage of the network and a good
number of the fare classes would have this product attached to it. We probably
wouldn't -- just if -- I don't know what other people are seeing in terms of
actual sell up rates. We know the numbers that are quoted. We're probably less
than that because we don't have as much business exposure. So we haven't
assumed a level that we've sort of heard others quote.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: It's fair to say competitively, this is
in the marketplace today. So I don't think we expect a lot of incremental
reaction to this. This is actually in the market place today and we're coming
up with a product that is competitive with what others are offering already.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, that's entirely correct. Yes.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Okay. And what was your capacity
growth in those same-store markets if your RASM was up 0.5%? What capacity
growth was in those same-store markets?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think same-store was, I think, down
slightly.

SHANE TACKETT: Basically flat. Our growth is entirely new
markets.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Okay, yes. I am just trying to
reconcile flat capacity and 0.5% RASM as strong demand. That's kind of where
that comes from.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Can you repeat that?

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: You've indicated that you have strong
demand in your quarter, kind of, same-store and that the weakness comes from
the growth markets but if you've got flat capacity and just 0.5% RASM in those
markets, that doesn't reconcile terribly well.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I mean our -- the number -- the flat is
really the Alaska capacity growth. We did have, as you know, significant
competitive capacity at many of those markets. And that peaks in Q2 and then it
starts to abate as we get to the second half of the year.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Susan Donofrio with
Macquarie Capital.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH: Question
on sales by channel. Looks like there's been a nice ramp-up, if you look at
direct to customer, 55% to 62% year-end '17. I'm assuming given the strength of
loyalty program, you could increase that even more and I'm just wondering if
you're seeing that still and is there kind of a target that you're thinking of?

SHANE TACKETT: Susan, this is Shane. Yes. We've actually
been very happy with the direct sales that we've had through mostly
alaskaair.com and certainly our mobile app as well. I think also just given
that we were starting to migrate reservations off of the virginamerica.com
website onto ours we didn't know exactly how we would do getting all of those
over, but we basically increased our direct share down in California as well.
So we're feeling super good about it. 60% to 65%, we see our numbers in that
range pretty typically. It's a little hard to (inaudible) just because of how
business folks by their fares through agencies. But we continue to see
opportunity as Meta's come in and most of the Meta booking has ultimately ended
up as direct bookings on alaskaair.com. So it certainly could go up from here.
And that's what we're ultimately focused on driving, if we can.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Brandon Oglenski
with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So, Brad, if I could just ask, I mean on
prior quarters, I think the perception was that the core Virgin network was,
maybe facing some commercial challenges and now that you're saying that
same-store sales are seeing positive inflection on unit revenue, can you just
talk about what has maybe changed since 1 quarter or 2 ago? Is it demand,
competition or internal merger-related activities that you guys are managing
better?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Brandon, I just think markets are
dynamic. The stuff is moving around. I think when Alaska bought Virgin America
and then followed up with 44 new routes or something like that in 2017. Lots of
others added a lot of capacity as well. I do think the capacity is getting to a
more appropriate level, given the amount of demand that's in the market. I also
think as Andrews talked about, I think the reaction to what Alaska brings, has
been extraordinary. We bring a fantastic loyalty program, amazing operational
performance, great folks and we bring low fares. We've got a differentiated
experience with fares that match, basically, they match the majority of the LCC
seats in the market. So I think if marketplaces move around a little bit and I personally
think things are settling down and I also think that customers are recognizing
and appreciating the difference that Alaska brings.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay, I appreciate that. And then
quickly on a follow up for Andrew. With your 2Q RASM guide down about 3% at the
midpoint, I think you said, you could attribute the full 2-point decline in 1Q
to new markets. Is there something else impacting the comp there? Is that
Easter holiday placement or should we be thinking that new markets could actually
have a bigger drag on 2Q than they did in the first quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I mean there was an extra point of
strength in the first quarter so that comes out in the second quarter. So
second quarter will have a headwind of about a point. If anything new markets,
if we just look at the nature of what we're serving, and they're pretty much
all started basically in the third quarter, we started over 20 new markets in 1
quarter. These are all now coming into demand strength periods. And the reality
is that our RM team, our network, our marketing, all the levers and all the
systems that we've been building together are starting to really take up steam.
So I personally just see continued maturity and strength as we continue to go
forward with these new markets.

OPERATOR: Your last question comes from Adam Hackel with
Imperial.

ADAM JAY HACKEL, FORMER RESEARCH ASSOCIATE, CRT CAPITAL
GROUP LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Couple of quick questions. First, just wondering
on the Silicon Valley crowd, how have they taken to you guys? And is that
what's really driving the strength on the sort of sign-ups in the credit card
side of things, on the loyalty side?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think, again, without getting into
detail, we're seeing -- Silicon Valley, we've been there a long, long time. But
we've been very much big part of that community but I will tell you that the
loyalty and other aspects are across all aspects not just any 1 particular
area.

ADAM JAY HACKEL: Okay, great and then just last 1 for me.
Just wondering on the kind of the off peak periods a little bit. One of your
peers talked about actually recent capacity on the off-peak toward the back
half of the year, I presume that's probably the kind of post labor day period.
You also saw Southwest talked about some weakness they saw in the first quarter
on off-peak side. I was wondering how that came in for you guys in the first
quarter and how you are thinking about that going forward?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think if I understand your question,
this really comes back for us to seasonality that peaks stronger and the
shoulders are a little softer. And we were very proactive late in the fourth
quarter of making significant adjustments. So I think in general, with industry
capacity as it sits today, the shoulder or the top periods are even more
difficult than they have been historically.

OPERATOR: That's all the time that we have for questions
today. With that, I'll turn the call back to Brad Tilden.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: All right. Thanks, Jesse. Thanks,
everybody for tuning in today. We look forward to talking to you again at the
end of the second quarter. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042318a11458368.768










 EXECUTIVES (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%);
AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%); CASH FLOW (78%); EARNINGS PER SHARE (67%);
ELECTRONIC COMMERCE (56%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (70%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(70%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(68%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (67%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(66%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(83%); C (NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%); 8710 (TSE) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (67%); DBK
(FRA) (67%); DBK (BIT) (67%); DBETN (JSE) (67%); DB (NYSE) (67%); MS (NYSE)
(57%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); AIRLINES (91%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); AVIATION SECTOR PERFORMANCE (78%);
BANKING & FINANCE (76%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (76%); INVESTMENT BANKING
(75%); ELECTRONIC COMMERCE (56%)










 ALASKA, USA (94%); UNITED STATES (79%)










 May 4, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

January
25, 2018 Thursday




Copyright
2018

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2018 CCBN, Inc.

 10263 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President of Alaska Airlines Inc
and COO of Alaska Airlines Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO & Executive VP of
Finance

* Matt Grady

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management &
e-commerce

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior Research
Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - VP

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Susan Marie Donofrio

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Julie, and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Release
Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for
future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions)

Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska
Air Group's Director of Investor Relations, Matt Grady.

MATT GRADY: Thanks, Julie. Good morning, everyone, and thank
you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. On the call
today, our CEO, Brad Tilden, will provide an overview of the business; our CFO,
Brandon Pedersen, will discuss our cost performance and cash flow; and Andrew
Harrison, our Chief Commercial Officer, will share an update on our revenue
performance and outlook. Several members of our senior management team are also
on hand to help answer your questions.

Earlier this morning, Alaska Air Group recorded fourth
quarter GAAP net income of $367 million. Excluding merger-related costs,
mark-to-market fuel hedging adjustments and a special $274 million tax benefit
associated with recent tax reform legislation, Air Group reported adjusted net income
of $103 million and adjusted earnings per share of $0.83, or $0.01 ahead of the
first call consensus.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

We will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, such
as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding fuel. We've provided a
reconciliation between the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures
in our earnings release.

We've also included certain unaudited, supplementary data
labeled Combined Comparative statistics on Page 9 of our earnings release
update to help investors make meaningful comparisons to the combined results of
both airlines in last year's fourth quarter and full year. We think this
provides investors better insights into how the overall business is performing.

And with that, I will turn the call over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Matt, and good morning, everyone. For 2017, we reported
adjusted net income of $823 million or $6.64 per share compared to $911 million
or $7.32 per share in 2016. For the quarter, we earned $103 million or $0.83
per share compared to $193 million or $1.56 per share in 2016. As we shared
with you on our third quarter call, our earnings are under some pressure as we
deal with some step function cost increases as well as significant new competitive
capacity in markets where we fly. As we'll talk about on this call, we are
optimistic about our future as we work our way through these issues as we
complete the majority of the integration activity by early this spring as we
begin capturing the advantages of the merger. As an example of our confidence
in our future, our board today announced a 7% increase in our dividend to $0.32
per share.

I'd like to take a minute to frame for you where we are in
the integration journey. As you know, we embarked on this journey because we
believe we bring value to everyone who depends on us, and we wanted to continue
doing this in the years ahead. We are in an industry where competitive
advantage drives both current success and long-term staying power, and we believe
that Alaska has real and durable competitive advantage. We have this with our
operational processes and capability; with the fantastic service our people
provide to our guests; with a very clear cost advantage that's matched with a
history of offering low fares; with our growing route network; and most
importantly, with the way we work with our employees to bring all of this
together.

The merger closed on December 14, 2016, or just 13 months
ago. Today, as we expected, we have substantially all of the costs of the
combined company in our results with very little of the revenue. Of the $300
million original synergy target, we expect to realize $65 million in 2018,
consistent with our prior forecast. We continue to believe the revenue
potential of the new Alaska network is substantial, and we expect synergies to
reach $200 million in 2019.

More important than the synergies, however, is the
incredible platform that we'll have to grow revenue and profit in the years
ahead and create value for our owners, our customers and our employees, just as
we have in the last couple of decades.

On April 25, we'll transition to a common PSS system, which
will give us a single shopping, buying, flight scheduling and airport check-in
system as well as a single branded digital and airport experience. At that
point, which will be just 16 months after closing, we'll be through 75% of the
merger work and we'll begin realizing the full potential of the merger, as
Andrew will further describe in just a moment.

We believe we're getting through our merger at a pace that
is equal to or faster than the most rapid mergers in the industry. Some
specific merger-related accomplishments from the last few months are as
follows: we've co-located Alaska and Virgin America operations at 22 of 31 airports,
the rest will co-locate in April. We've rapidly built out a route network,
adding 44 new routes on top of the 38 we acquired with Virgin America. We've
grown both loyalty members and credit card holders far in excess of our
passenger growth. We converted to a single loyalty program for customers and
single HR, finance and payroll systems in the back of the house. We've received
a single operating certificate from the FAA, a herculean effort that allows us
to operate Alaska and Virgin America as one airline, and which is also a
prerequisite for other merger-related activities like the PSS cutover. We've
made all aircraft delivery and interior decisions, and our first Airbus
airplane came out of the paint shop yesterday with new Alaska colors. And as you
know, we've financed the purchase of Virgin America in an accretive and
all-cash transaction and have already brought our adjusted debt-to-cap ratio
back to 51%.

On the labor front, while we still have work to do, at this
point, we have single joint collective-bargaining agreements with our pilots
and our customer service and reservation agents, and we believe we're closed
with both our flight attendants and our maintenance technicians. One important
priority we'll have remaining after April 25 is our move to a single crew
planning and crew scheduling system.

In light of so many important achievements last year, I want
to pause and personally thank our entire team of more than 23,000 people for
their contributions in 2017, a year that I believe we'll look back on as having
laid the foundation for our future growth and prosperity.

We will share $118 million in incentive pay tomorrow as
annual bonuses are paid out. This is the ninth consecutive year in which we've
proudly shared profits with our employees at levels that have averaged about 1
month of additional pay per employee per year. This year's payout averages 7.3%
of pay for Air Group frontline employees.

As we look at our business in 2018, we have work in front of
us. There is substantial competitive capacity in our markets, and we expect
that this level of capacity will continue to put pressure on unit revenue, but
there are a number of levers that we can and will hold this year. We plan to
attack the revenue pressure by reconfiguring our Airbus fleet for greater
revenue; by undertaking significant cross-fleeting in high-volume markets; by
driving continued loyalty growth; and most importantly, by tapping into
segmentation and upsell opportunities post-PSS.

While we focused on expanding our network in 2017, our
growth will stabilize in 2018, and we expect it to slow to about 4% in 2019 and
2020 as we take advantage of the substantial growth over the last few years and
optimize and refine our network. Of the growth plan for 2018, approximately 70%
is flying today, and Paine Field represents the bulk of the rest. As Brandon
will share in a moment, we expect capital spending to decline in 2019 and 2020,
and free cash flow to increase, consistent with the lower-capacity growth.

On the cost side, our relative cost advantage has been a
hallmark of our business for years and is one of our greatest assets, second
only to our people. We'll sustain this advantage by focusing on low overhead
and industry-leading productivity. As I mentioned earlier, we do face a step
function increase in cost, which Brandon will detail for you in a moment. For
now, I'll share that there are clear opportunities, which we will seize to
improve our controllable cost structure.

This brings us to operations. Though we ranked second in operational
performance last year, our on-time performance at the Air Group level was down
about 5 points compared to 2016. While we struggled with external factors like
challenging winter weather in the first quarter and ATC delays, we have room
for improvement. For the fourth quarter of 2017, our on-time performance was up
more than 2 points year-over-year, and we're focused on maintaining this
positive momentum as we move through 2018.

And finally, I'd like to provide a brief update on Horizon,
where we brought in Air Group veterans Gary Beck and Constance von Muehlen, and
where we've made several other leadership changes. We've now operated 3 months
without a single pilot-related cancellation. We're very optimistic about
Horizon's future as we're consolidating our headquarters in Seattle as we're
building better career pathways between the 2 companies for frontline
employees, starting with pilots, and as we further grow and develop leadership
talent between the 2 companies.

In summary, we laid a solid foundation for our future last
year and the integration will be largely complete by early this spring. Alaska
has real competitive advantage. And by the end of April, we'll be poised to
focus our full attention on the things that matter most, being close to our people,
running a great operation and preserving and enhancing both our great service
and our low cost and low fares. We operate one of the best route networks in
the country, based on some of the best-performing regional economies in the
country.

And finally, we've long run this company in a balanced way
to bring superior value to everyone who depends on us, including you, our
owners, and we have a very talented team that is working hard to ensure this
continues.

We appreciate you all tuning in. And once again, I want to
thank our employees for their incredible commitment to Alaska.

And now I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO & EXECUTIVE VP OF FINANCE,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everybody. As you've
heard, we reported fourth quarter adjusted net income of $103 million, bringing
full year net income to $823 million. This was the third-best year for us ever
and came at a time of rapid growth, significant competitive pressure and an 18%
increase in fuel prices, all while we were busy integrating 2 airlines.

Let's start with costs today. Q4 costs came in slightly
better than our final guidance, and that's positive, but we also know that our
cost-management practices, both in the operation and in the back office, can be
improved. So with the integration on track, 2018 marks our return to the
basics, and one of those is finely tuned cost management. This is not about
cutting what guests care about. Instead, it's about productivity, a mindset of
frugality, leaders knowing their cost drivers and making smart trade-offs. Cost
management is like a diet. It needs to happen every day to work well. Keeping
costs low is vital to our low-fare model and powers our business success.

All-in consolidated CASMex fuel should be up about 2.5% in
2018. This is on an apples-to-apples basis after conforming the 2017 numbers to
the changes required by the new accounting rules for revenue recognition and
presentation of pension expense, which are relatively small. There is
Information in this morning's investor update that explains these expected
changes to the way our 2017 results will be restated.

I talked last quarter about the pressures on 2018 cost, the
new rates with our pilots, the power by the hour deal on our 737-800 engines and
the growing mix of higher-cost regional flying. Excluding those items, our unit
cost for 2018 would be down about 1% on the 7.5% increase in capacity, a strong
result for the underlying business. While my point is not to create a new CASM
metric that excludes big-cost items, but it is to underscore the hard work that
our divisional leaders did through multiple budget cycles to produce a plan
that recognizes our need to keep costs low.

I'll offer us a couple of specific goals. First, we measure
overhead as a percentage of nonfuel costs and have set a budget goal for that
to be less than 10%. Total overhead is growing by only 2.6%, and our overhead
CASM declined by more than 3% in the budget. The second, we budgeted
productivity improvements in nearly every operational division. Horizon is a
great example, with pilot and flight attendant productivity budgeted to be up 3
points and 9 points, respectively.

We expect Q1 CASMex to increase 6%. Three things drive the
increase. First, wages and benefits are higher, with much of that due to the
increase in mainline pilot rates. Second, maintenance expense will be up 31%
year-over-year, by far the largest increase expected in any of the 4 quarters.
Some of this is the power by the hour deal, some is event-driven. And third, we
expect to record higher incentive pay expense, particularly for our operational
rewards program, which paid almost nothing in Q1 of last year, given our
operational challenges. Of course, we have to hit those operational targets to
earn those rewards. The Q1 CASM increase will be the highest of the year. We
expect much smaller increases in Q2 and Q3, and an ex-fuel unit cost decline in
Q4.

One open item that could impact our 2018 costs is a possible
deal with our flight attendants. We're working with them now and hope to get a
deal done soon. If and when we reach an agreement, we'll revise our cost
guidance accordingly. If we can get this done, we'll have 63% of our unionized
workforce and 80% of the payroll that they represent under contract through the
end of 2019, giving us great cost visibility. Bottom line, our unit costs will
rise in 2018, but our team is committed to having a cost structure that
maintains a cost advantage over the legacy carriers. And even though the income
of the 2019 budget is hardly dry, we're already thinking about 2019 and have a
planning mindset that consolidated costs should be flat to down slightly in
each 2019 and 2020. This will, of course, depend on capacity growth, it gets
harder as capacity growth comes down. And it will also depend somewhat on the
timing of the flight attendant deal. That's not guidance, but it is
directionally where we think we want to go.

We ended the year with $1.6 billion in cash. Total cash flow
from operations was $1.7 billion, excluding merger-related costs. This was a
record for us, surpassing 2016's mark by more than $175 million and represents
our fourth consecutive year of operating cash flow in excess of $1 billion.
CapEx for the year was $1 billion, resulting in $670 million of free cash flow,
again, ex-integration costs.

In 2018, we'll take delivery of 12 new mainline jets,
bringing the mainline fleet to just over 230 aircraft. Our mainline fuel
efficiency will continue to be among the best in the industry at about 80 ASMs
per gallon. An efficient fleet is the best hedge against rising fuel prices,
but it's worth noting that we also have fuel hedges with strike prices at about
the $62 level in place for 50% of our expected consumption in the first 6
months of the year.

On the regional side, we're scheduled to take delivery of 25
E175s between Horizon and our CPA arrangement with SkyWest. We expect to retire
13 Q400s, bringing the regional fleet to 95 units at the end of 2018, of which
61% will be modern, comfortable and versatile E175s. In total, we own 67
next-gen mainline and E175 jets free and clear and expect that number to grow
in 2019.

Including our $400 million of undrawn lines of credit, our
uncapped borrowing capacity will exceed $2 billion by the end of the year.

We expect total CapEx in 2018 to be about $1 billion. In my
comments last quarter, I guided to $1.4 billion, which assumed we'd exercise
all options for deliveries beyond 2018. Further, we're targeting 2019 and 2020
CapEx to each be about $750 million.

We've been looking at our delivery skyline across all fleet
types and plan to take advantage of the substantial 18% growth that we've had
in the last 2 years and refine and, as Brad said, optimize our network
accordingly.

The CapEx figures above should allow for growth in the 4%
range in 2019 and 2020, which is still be above GDP growth. We're very
committed to generating free cash flow, and these moves will enhance that.

Free cash flow provides a convenient place to talk about the
new tax laws and the anticipated impact on cash flows. In short, we'll benefit
significantly. A nice tailwind at a time of rising fuel prices and competitive
pressure. Our book effective rate for 2018 should be about 24.5%, but our cash
effective rate should be between 10% and 15% after consideration of our
acquired NOLs.

Our investment-grade balance sheet continues to get
stronger. We ended the year with $2.6 billion of on-balance-sheet debt, down
from the end of Q3, driven partly by the prepayment of $71 million of debt late
in Q4. Including leases, our year-end adjusted debt-to-cap stands at 51%, an
8-point improvement in the last year.

We should have on-balance-sheet debt down under $2.5 billion
by the end of 2018, and we expect debt-to-cap to improve to 50%, even with a
couple of points of headwind that we'll face with the adoption of the new
revenue recognition rules and the related hit to equity. We remain committed to
getting to our goal of having debt-to-cap in the mid-40% range by 2020. We're
also well positioned in a rising interest rate environment as roughly half of
our total debt is fixed.

During 2017, we returned $223 million to shareholders via
$148 million in dividends and $75 million in share repurchases. As you've seen
in our press release, and as Brad mentioned, we're again increasing the
dividend by 7% to $0.32 per share per quarter. We've now increased the
dividends 5 times since we initiated it in 2013.

And before I turn the call over to Andrew, I do want to call
out the impact of the new revenue recognition standard that will be effective
for Q1 of 2018. Big picture, airlines like ours that have used the incremental
cost method for miles earned through travel will now have to defer a portion of
their related flight revenue instead. It's important to emphasize that although
there will be an impact on reported revenues, it has nothing to do with pricing
or cash flows. It's simply a question of timing of revenue recognition. We've
provided more information in our investor update to help investors understand
the impact on both revenues and costs.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brandon, and good morning,
everybody. As reported, total revenues in 2017 rose 6% to $7.9 billion on a 7%
capacity growth. Revenues for the fourth quarter grew 6% to approximately $2
billion on 10% growth.

There are specific drivers behind our current revenue
performance, and it's important to look at each one to appreciate that our
fundamentals are sound, and significant opportunities lie ahead for improved
revenue performance. When you dissect the fourth quarter CASM performance of
down 4% year-over-year, the following are important:

Competitive capacity. I want to start with this since it's
an environmental factor that is real and elevated at this time. Looking at our
network, competitive capacity was up from a 1% increase in Q3 to 4% in Q4.
Looking forward, first quarter 2018 competitive capacity is expected to
increase 2 points to 6% and another 2 points in the second quarter to 8%. We
believe that over time, conditions will improve and our ability compete will
get better, which I'm going to discuss in detail shortly.

Same-store TRASM. Same stores represent approximately 90% of
our total ASMs, and we grew capacity in these markets by 1.6% during the
quarter. TRASM in these markets was down 1.5%. However, after factoring for
stage length increases, TRASM was down about 0.8%. The nominal decline is being
driven by a subset of markets, as pockets of industry pricing and capacity
pressure remain in California. Most of our same-store markets continue to show
either flat or positive TRASM.

Turning to new markets. The 44 markets in operation less
than 1 year represented approximately 10% of our total capacity and contributed
the remaining 2.5 points of the overall 4-point decline in TRASM. Importantly,
28 of the 44 new markets launched in 2017 commenced post-summer break, so many
currently operate at TRASM levels well below our long-term expectations. And I
want to drill into 2 specific points on this. First, promotional activity to
both support these markets and grow loyalty has more than 1-point impact on the
quarter. While challenging on the near-term results, this is great for the
long-term health of our network. And then second, we are seeing improvement in
the performance of our new markets. While it's too early to call in on the most
recent additions to our schedule, markets that have operated at least 6 months
are already profitable and are tracking ahead of our initial expectations.
These results tell me that our service, product and low-fare offering are
resonating with guests and gives us confidence that our newest routes will
continue to mature over the course of 2018.

The brand health and guest loyalty data associated with our
growth initiatives are showing strong year-over-year trends. In California,
preference has increased 4 points on a year-over-year basis. And importantly,
Alaska's unaided brand awareness now exceeds Virgin America in California by 9
points. We fully expect strong performance in these metrics will lead to
greater market share and profitability.

In addition, the volume and quality of the growth we are
seeing our Mileage Plan and credit card programs system-wide fuels our optimism
that our efforts in 2017 laid the groundwork for strong future revenue
performance.

Looking forward, TRASM guidance for the first quarter is
down 3.5% to 4.5% on capacity growth of 8% and weighted competitive capacity
growth of 6%. The headwinds reflected in this guidance are expected to be the
same as the fourth quarter, new markets, pricing in California and promotional
activity.

Alaska's full year 2018 capacity guidance is now 7.5%. More
than 5 points in this growth comes from annualizing the new flying we launched
last year. As Brad mentioned earlier, our network expansion is now largely
complete, and our focus in 2018 is to optimize what we built in 2017.

Bearing in mind what I've just shared about fourth quarter
performance and the first quarter outlook, I want to spend a moment talking to
our owners. I was just reflecting this week that this is my 10th year with you
on quarterly earnings calls. And while every call addresses current results,
Alaska's executive team have always run this company with the express goal of
delivering sustainable returns to our shareholders that are above our cost of
capital, and we have done just that over this past decade.

The acquisition of Virgin America, which only closed 13
months ago, is arguably the single-largest impact to our business outside of
the Great Recession over these past 10 years. And the reason I raise this is
we're only 3 months away from a single reservation system. While some will
insist on comparing our current revenue performance to carriers who achieved
this single reservation system anywhere from 2 to 8 years ago, the reality is,
we are about to unlock the critical levers we need to generate revenues
required to continue delivering on returns to our shareholders. This upside is
obviously not reflected in current results, but it will be reflected in future
results.

The opportunities that will begin to materialize post-PSS
include the following: first, all but one of our international partners that
serve California, that's approximately 50 wide-body departures a day, will gain
full access to the acquired network from Virgin America, including the 9 new
markets we started with Airbus metal over the past 6 months.

We will commence moving Boeing and Airbus around our network
to leverage the significant gauge and trip cost differences to ensure that we
have the right aircraft in the right market to maximize revenue and
profitability. This will build Q2 to Q4, with full cross-fleeting in effect by
the beginning of 2019.

E-commerce resources will free up to ensure that the
significant loyalty growth we've achieved since acquisition will continue and
that we capitalize on a single guest experience, whether via digital channels
at the airport or in the air, and this will drive incremental revenue over the
long term.

Our first reconfigured Airbus will enter service in
September, and the additional seats will -- we will gain will not only reduce
Airbus fleet CASM, and now Airbus represents approximately 25% of our mainline
fleet, it will result in meaningful increase in First Class seats and the
introduction of Premium Class on these aircraft. This will drive both
incremental revenues and the ability for our Elites to obtain better access to
upgrades.

And finally, with a single reservation system, we will be
able to address upsell and segmentation opportunities which the legacy carriers
are executing on today and that we have not been able to participate in. There
are a number of ways for us to participate. Basic economy is just one of those,
fair families and ancillary bundles are others. And whatever approach we take,
we are committed to tapping into the opportunity before us to increase upsell
and ancillary revenues. This particular opportunity would represent incremental
revenue above our stated synergy targets for the merger. We are just beginning
to evaluate the full potential of upsell and will share more with you on our
future calls.

While the full carriers that represent about 85% of U.S.
domestic revenues have taken to adding significant capacity in our core network
while we integrate, the switch to a single reservation system for all the
reasons above will increase our ability to weather these challenges. Our
history is one that is built upon adversity and has always resulted in us
becoming stronger. And it is my firm believe that the competitive landscape we
face today will do just that again. And since we'll only enter a handful of new
markets in the year ahead, we'll be able to fully turn our attention to
optimizing our product and pricing across the newly established network.

So with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes
from Savi Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: I was just wondering if I could
follow up on the operational improvement in fourth quarter. And it seems like
you're still kind of behind on historical levels. Just wondering what the
expectation is for the improvement as you go through the year. And maybe kind
of separate that out by the issues that you've had in kind of the Northwest
versus California.

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC AND COO
OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: It's Ben. Yes, you're right. We
saw a great improvement in the fourth quarter. And one of the things we've done
in 2017 with this merger is put our Alaska operational process within the
Virgin network. So everything now is operating within the same framework, the
same mentality of how we operated Alaska in the past. So our goal, just to be
really honest, is to lead the industry in operational excellence.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: What's the timing around that, Ben?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Starting now. Starting immediately.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Okay, all right. And if I may just
ask the -- on the follow-up question on the targeting of flat to down CASMex in
'19 and '20, given the slower growth, any drivers of that, that will help reach
that goal?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: So Savi, you're asking about our capital
spending and capacity growth in '19 and '20?

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Or a more of the cost side of things
than capex target.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Brandon, why don't you...?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: It's Brandon. Yes, it's the things I
mentioned. It's being really, really keen on productivity. It's really being
frugal in the back office. It's watching the overhead. There may be some
structural things that we need to consider. But at the end of the day, we've
had 2 years now of cost increases, and I think we need to get back to flat to
down CASM. And that's where our mindset is, and we're already starting to think
about 2019 today, as I said in the prepared remarks.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Andrew Didora with
Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I guess, just a follow-up to Savi's question, maybe to ask it in a
little bit of a different way. I guess, now that you've gone through a big part
of the integration, you've been operating in California on a bigger scale for a
year now, how would you rank your operations in California versus your Pacific
Northwest operations? I would think they are worse, and do you think they can
ever get back to where Alaska was premerger?

BENITO MINICUCCI: It's Ben, again. Obviously, California is
a little tougher with San Francisco. We're dealing with ATC programs on a daily
basis. One of the strategies we have in place right now is to operate the best
we can in California. Part of doing that, one, like I said, is putting
operational process in terms of departing airplanes always on time like we do.
We call that controllable departures on zero. The second part is dealing with
ATC strategies. So we've got a team focused on ATC mitigation on a daily basis with
our management team and with our dispatchers. It also has schedule
implications. How we structure the schedule when we depart, type of airplanes
we put at different times of the day. So our goal really is to mitigate it to
the largest extent possible and to, on a network basis, get the highest
operational performance.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: And Andrew, this is Andrew Harrison.
Just one follow up really to your questions and Savi's. We acquired -- with the
Virgin America acquisition, we walked into 2017 inheriting a network with block
hours totally separate than we planned for. And it wasn't until late in this
year were we able to push through block changes and changes to the operation to
start to stabilize it. That's why Ben and I are confident that as we move into
'18, we would have time to restructure the network, get the block times right,
understand how we're going to fly. And going into '19, we think this machine is
really going to start to hum.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Joseph DeNardi with
Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brandon, just on the CapEx outlook, it seems
like that's changed quite a bit relative to how you guys were thinking about it
before. You're going to have to forego some options that you were maybe
thinking about taking earlier. So can you just talk through, I guess, what
changed? And what the uses of cash are going forward?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, Joe, this is Brad. I might start
with this. One of the things that Alaska has prided itself in is being good
stewards of capital. And as part of that, I think we've been a pretty
contrarian management team. There've been times when the industry has been down
where we've chosen to grow aggressively. And then in other environments, you've
got to make the right decision. As we look at the environment today, I will say
we are extraordinarily confident about our competitive advantage. We do think
our low costs, our operational capability, our real -- our network is solidly profitable.
But the opportunities aren't the same as they were 3 or 4 years ago. And so if
you are a good steward of capital, you've got to make the right decision at the
right time. So as we look at '19 and '20, we're going to grow considerably.
We'll grow 4% each of those years. That's enough to hang onto our current
market position and grow a little bit, but it's not at the same level. I was
looking back last night, our growth over the last 5 years without Virgin
America has been 7%, 7%, 10%, 10% and 7% or something like that. And it's -- if
you look at -- fuel prices are up $20 a barrel in just the last 6 months.
Capacity is up. As we look at the future, we're going to grow. But we just
don't think -- in terms of us being great stewards of capital and providing the
returns on capital that we want to provide and that we will provide, we just
don't think this is an environment that argues for 7% or 8% growth. It argues
for a lower growth number, and that's what we?ve got to do.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay, that's very helpful. And then,
Brad, another one for you. When you look back at kind of the experience thus
far with acquiring Virgin, I think maybe you paid a little bit more than you
would've wanted to. The integration seems to be largely on track, maybe a
little bit better. Can you just talk about your appetite for M&A in the
future? And whether your experience with Virgin makes you more or less
comfortable looking at acquiring other airlines in the future?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Joe, that is a great question that I
don't think we're going to answer. But I will just say, the Virgin experience
has been a good one. We've -- the company has got an $8 billion platform today.
It's considerably better than our platform before. That brand has pushed us.
Those people were great marketers. If you look at the way Alaska is promoting
itself, I think it's activated something inside us in terms of getting into
California, growing loyalty. It's been a really good thing for this company.
We've got through a lot. We're very, very excited about the future. But in
terms of us talking about other M&A activity, I don't think we're going to
bite on that.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Michael Linenberg
with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions here. Brandon, you
talked about your cash tax rate being 10% to 15% after consideration of
acquired NOLs. And I believe with the acquisition of the company, you may have
called out in your, I don't know, if your 10-K or 10-Q, that maybe you would
potentially be limited on the use of the NOLs. Or maybe I'm wrong on that. Do
you have -- are you going to be able to use -- fully utilize the NOLs that
you've got as a result of the Virgin acquisition?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes. We think we will. We started the
year with, I don't know, $750 million of NOLs or something on a gross basis. We
think we'll be through that by the end of 2019, so the 2019 tax year.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, very good. And just second
question to Andrew. You called out some of the competitive pressures that
you're seeing in California. And I believe last quarter, maybe it was the prior
quarter, you called out California, I think you also called out maybe some
pressure on the transcons, and I just -- I didn't hear that on this call. And
I'm just -- I'm wondering has the -- for you -- your transcon sort of
situation, revenue environment, has that improved or may be stabilized for you?
If you could provide some color on that, that would be great, given it's a
sizable part of your network.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, thanks for the question. Transcon,
we do have a lot of transcon in California. What I -- and we don't like to talk
about regions, but what I will tell you is load factors are actually up and
traffic is extremely strong. I think that what I've been looking at on a
network basis is that our seasonality with the merger with Virgin America has
actually got worse in the first quarter or in the September/October months and
stronger in the summer peak periods. And so we have a real opportunity as we go
through this year to restructure our network for these shoulder periods to
actually leverage better growth and unit revenue performance. So I would say
that California, we feel very good about. As I shared in my prepared remarks,
in a lot of the places where we're feeling weakness and pressure, I should say,
we have a lot of things coming that we feel are going to significantly
strengthen our position.

OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Rajeev Lalwani with
Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Two questions. Andrew, I guess, first for you. Can you just walk us
through when we should start to see a lot of stability in your RASM? And then,
I'm guessing 2Q might be tough, just given comparison to the competitive
capacity. And what's the goal which you're trying to get to? I mean, you did a
good job of laying out capacity, et cetera, a bit. Are you trying to get RASM
up sort of like Southwest is describing? Just how are you thinking about it?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Sorry, Rajeev, I missed the first part
of your question, specifically to something. And I'm sorry, I'm -- could you
repeat that?

RAJEEV LALWANI: When do start getting to a level of
stability on RASM trends? I'm guessing it's not the second quarter, or maybe it
is?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Got it. Yes, stability, in fact, we're
hoping for stability trends as we move into Q2, but really into the back half
of the year, where, given all things were equal today, we feel like there
should be stability northward trends in our unit revenues going forward,
especially if some of the things that we shared earlier start to kick in. And
as I shared earlier too, we're working on all of our schedules right now. We've
got better seasonality coming up in the second half. So that's what we're
focused on.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. Sorry, and then the second part of
that question was just, in terms of RASM, do you have a general goal as far as
where you want to go? And like Southwest talks about maintaining positive RASM
going forward, is that something that you're looking to get to? Or are you
approaching it in a different way?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think, really, what we're focused on
is profits. And RASM needs to do what it needs to do, costs need to do what
they need to do to get higher returns to our shareholders. So that's really
what we're focused on.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. And Brandon, a quick one for you on
the CASM side. More of a clarification, I guess. As far as flat-to-down goal
that you laid out, that is based on 4% or so capacity growth and that does or
doesn't take into account the flight attendants and technicians, et cetera?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Correct on both counts.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Hunter Keay with
Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So you talked about $225 million
of synergies originally with this deal, and $175 million of it was on the
revenue side. So to look at this commentary about CASMex flat to down in '19
and '20, and you said you're going to get a couple hundred million dollars in
revenue -- in synergies, I think you said this year. And given that 1 point of
RASM is only about $70 million, I guess that implies that we could be sort of
leaving 2018, given the deceleration in capacity, on a pretty strong trajectory
on RASM if you are, in fact, capturing the majority of those synergies on the
revenue side, as you laid out in the presentation. Is that fair?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: This is Andrew, again. Hunter, I don't
have a crystal ball, but I -- that's what we see and that's what we believe.
And I will also tell you just to say it now that the upsell and segmentation
opportunity that we are looking at, that is not in the synergy numbers, and we
think that's $100-plus million a year or more once we get that up and running.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay, good. And when we think about the 4%
capacity growth in 2019, and we'll just focus on 2019, you originally said you
were going to be up 6% to 7%. What did you scale back? Was it some new market
growth? Was it just a function of a little bit of stage length and some gauge
moving around? Did you kill off certain underperforming routes? Or are you just
not going to start certain routes you maybe planned on doing? Can you talk us
through to the amount -- to the extent you can, what changed in the plans
specifically?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: We have long-term plans. And quite
frankly when we looked out, if you take the fuel of this last year, the
capacity and the economic environment, there were markets that we wanted to
continue to invest in, really not new markets but add to some of the core. But
the environment has definitely changed, and so we're going to be watching our
network and we won't be adding capacity to markets that don't need capacity
added. So that's really the major change, but our core network and our
footprint is fundamentally where it needs to be for a while.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. And Hunter, I might add to that.
With all of the growth that we've done in the last couple of years, we do have
the utility that we wanted to get to California. I don't think we know exactly
where the 4% of '19 or '20 are going to go, but I think our thinking is that we
want to take care of our core. We've got core loyal customer bases, economic
models that are working very, very well. We're going to sort of bolster those
and invest in those, and then we'll see what opportunities happen beyond there.
But I think we will pay attention to the core first is what I'm trying to say.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Dan McKenzie with
Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: I guess first question here is, I'm wondering if
you can just help us understand just how big the cost and revenue overhang is
from the integration process in the first quarter here? So I think investors
are having a hard time connecting the dots on what all these things could
really mean to margins, so anything you can share is appreciated. So maybe
imagine that you've got a single reservation system in place, the international
partners are on the platform, the Airbus aircraft are reconfigured, you didn't
have the cost inefficiencies, what might this have meant? What would this
potentially mean, like, for the first quarter here, just for perhaps some
perspective?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Dan, it's Brandon. Can you just repeat
your question, just so I can make sure I understand it?

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Well, yes. I'm just trying to get a
sense of how big the overhangs, the cost and revenue inefficiencies are in the
first quarter here, just by not having the airlines fully integrated. So
there's a lot of things that happen after the integration, after April. I'm
just trying to get a sense of -- investors are kind of having a hard time
connecting the dots. I'm just trying to get a sense of what this potentially
could mean? What this might -- what it could've meant, say, here in the first
quarter if the merger had been completed, say, in December?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, it's -- we haven't quantified it
specifically, but what I will say is, we made the comment in the prepared
remarks that we do really have all of the costs of the integrated company
without all of the revenues. And there are specific costs in -- that we will
incur that even, frankly, don't get quoted as integration costs that will be in
our business through PSS, certainly perhaps through the first half of the year,
and those are extra time in our call centers and extra time in the operation as
we kind of put all this stuff together. Is it $50 million? No. Is it more than
$5 million? Sure. If I had to just kind of put a number on it, I might say that
there's $10 million in the first 4 months of the year of cost friction, if you
will, that will dissipate as the year goes on. On the revenue side, we have, as
Andrew described, the opportunity to unleash a whole bunch of new revenue once
we get PSS behind us, starting in late April. And that will start then and
continue to grow as we move through the year. And we've talked about it in the
context of our revenue synergy opportunity. So there's -- you can do some math
and kind of figure out what we would've had, had we pulled it forward to, say,
January 1. But it's hard to quantify really. But it is real. Your point is
right. It is real, and it's one of the opportunities that we see as we move
into the second half of '18 and into '19 to really improve the financial
performance of our business.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Yes. And then Andrew, with respect to
your remarks on the embrace of basic economy or something similar, can you
elaborate a little bit further on what it's costing you today by not having it?
And what could be the timing for any rollout as you move in that direction?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Dan, I'll let Shane talk to you more
about that.

SHANE TACKETT, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT & E-COMMERCE,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks. The -- I think that Andrew mentioned
segmentation, obviously, basic is sort of where everybody else has gone. We
have modeled the impact. Andrew just mentioned, we think it's north of $100
million once it's fully out and running and sort of optimized, which -- that
would take some time. I would just say, other airlines, I think, it took a year
or more to get to market and sort of fully roll it out to across their network.
I think some of them are still expanding it now into international. And I think
we'll go faster than that. We certainly are going to be motivated to be faster than
that, but it's not something that's going to hit like Q2, as an example. And
I'll just say, we haven't decided on what this would look like for us. And it
could be something that's like basic. We tend to not do me too?s of sort of the
network carriers, our business is a little bit different. It usually doesn't
need the same product set. So we're looking forward to being able to talk with
you guys on a future call about what this might look like for us.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Jamie Baker with
JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a
housekeeping question on this 4% growth figure for '19 and '20. I'm just trying
to understand how new this actually is? I mean, you had already indicated at
Investor Day that you were going to be slowing pretty significantly after 2018.
So could -- wasn't this the original figure? Could you give us sort of a
genesis of maybe when as opposed to how you reached the new figure?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Jamie, it's Brandon. We've always
talked for the last 7 or 8 or 9 years about growing in the 4% to 8% range. As
Brad alluded to earlier, we've been on the high side of that. Andrew, last
quarter, I think articulated a desire to grow 5% to 6% in 2019. And so really
that change has happened in the last 90 days, and the genesis of the changes
are the things that Brad talked about, which is the rising fuel price
environment, the additional capacity that we're seeing. And frankly, it's just
we don't see as much opportunity to produce the kinds of returns that we want
to. And so over the last 90 days, as I said, as we've thought about our 2018,
'19 and '20 plan, we really wanted to dial it back. It's still on a big base
and it's still higher than GDP, but it is the right level for us going forward.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. Yes, that's perfect
clarification. And second, we got a RASM guide from you for the quarter. Thank
you, very much appreciate it. But the industry is starting to pull ahead again.
We're starting to see actual earnings guides from airlines, and look, they may
prove wildly inaccurate. Who knows? But just like buybacks and dividends have
the additional benefit of acting somewhat as a governor on growth, you could
argue that having managements beholden to actual earnings guides could also
limit maybe some of the riskier competitive behavior that we occasionally see
out there. I kind of feel like a kid that already opened his Christmas present
and now he's asking for another one, the first one being RASM. But have you
given this any thought? Once we get a little bit further through, do you think
you'd play catchup once again to the industry? Any thoughts?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Baby steps, Jamie. Baby steps. In all
seriousness, what I would say is -- and we did talk about that a lot. And for
us, you're right. It's the first time we've guided to RASM, and we plan to do
this going forward. But we really landed on a way of thinking about where we
say, let's guide to what we can control. We've got it on capacity. We've got it
on CapEx. We've got it on near-term unit revenues, not long-term unit revenues.
So I think we're very comfortable guiding to what we control. And on the rest,
we'll respond to what we get in a way that's best for our shareholders.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Helane Becker with
Cowen.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: So I don't know if Andrew or Brad want to
answer this question, but what's the thought behind the growth at Paine Field?
And looking at the roots that you're adding, I suppose you're not expecting
connecting traffic there?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, Helane, maybe I'll start. We'll get
Andrew to weigh in. But I think Paine is roughly 30 miles from Sea-Tac. But for
those who live in Seattle, they know the getting from Snohomish County to
Seattle is very, very difficult. Traffic -- there's long delays in the morning.
So this is going to be an enormous benefit for our customers that live in the
northern parts of the city, Snohomish County area. I think, Andrew, you'll
correct me, but I think it's something like 20% or even more, 22%, 23% of our
customers that are flying out of Sea-Tac might prefer Paine as an option for
them. So that's some of the thinking behind it. In terms of connectivity, I
think we're thinking more Portland than anywhere else, Andrew, but maybe you
can elaborate on that.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. No, I mean Brad's pretty much hit
it dead on. I think what it does for us is it makes us able to provide more
convenient travel for our guests directly. I mean, these are big markets for us
that we serve today, and so we're going to serve them in a more convenient way
for guests. And it allows us to move capacity around in Sea-Tac for other
markets that we want to put metal in because it's getting constrained.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Got you, okay. I think that was all my
questions. I was going to ask a unit-revenue-related question on trends, with a
peer group seeing up unit revenue and you guys still seeing down unit revenue,
but it seems like you're starting to address that, this difference.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, Helane, this is Shane, again. You're
absolutely right, we're fully aware of sort of the directionality of the
industry and us. And I think we are interested in our sort of absolute revenue
performance and what sort of revenue production this company needs to produce
returns we want. And that's what we're committed to figuring out how to go get
in the next several quarters.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Brandon Oglenski
with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just want to go back to the third quarter
call, and I know as we move forward in the integration, you guys are going to
talk more and more just about the Alaska network. But I think there's some
lingering fears that the Virgin integration maybe isn't going quite to plan.
And we talked about that last quarter, I think you guys called out some pretty significant
revenue underperformance at Virgin. And Andrew, I think you talked about the
transcon markets to an earlier question, but can you guys just comment further,
how's the revenue dynamic playing out core of Alaska versus core of Virgin? And
do you feel you've got the right strategy in place to fix some of those
deficiencies?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I mean, just to get back on to the
third quarter call, I mean, I can't reiterate enough how inheriting a network
on December 17 that is already being scheduled and planned not done under Ben's
operational parameters, not under our normal parameters has been very, very
challenging for us. What you've heard me share on the call, Brandon, is that we
view our network in really 2 pieces. There is same-store sales, which includes
California and the rest of our network that's been in operation for a year and
getting that improved, and then our new markets and getting those improved. I
think as we look again into 2018, we look at the international connectivity, we
look at these initiatives, the California marketplace, specifically, will
benefit greatly from these changes that are occurring in 2018 and beyond.

SHANE TACKETT: And I would just add that the California
markets as a whole are up materially in load factor year-over-year. New
markets, inter-Cal, California Transcon. So we're excited about the demand and
traffic overall that we're seeing.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay. And this next question is
going to be a little more difficult I think. If we go back a year in time, I
think a lot of investors were benchmarking profitability at that time saying,
okay, put a pilot deal and some headwinds in '18, but then wear in the
synergies from a much higher earnings level. I mean just looking at consensus
EPS for 2018 back then, and obviously fuel has changed and everything else, but
we were talking about an 8-dollar handle, now we're talking about a 6-dollar
handle with the lower tax rate. So what -- just looking forward, when you guys
are talking about the synergies in the deal, should we be thinking the level of
profitability that we're modeling this year is the right basis from which to
now be adding the deal synergies? Or should we be thinking, hey, what was
attainable a year ago, given a little bit of time and ability to catch up on
fuel, we should be back to that level of profitability?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Brandon, it's Brandon. The only thing I
can say to that is, and I actually don't know the answer to your question, is
that we are focused on delivering adequate returns to our shareholders. And
this is an extraordinarily dynamic industry with lots of competitive capacity
that comes in, it comes out, labor markets move, plans change. So what I would
say is that it's hard to say what was then versus what is now. What I can say
is where we are now is not a place we want to be and we're looking to improve
the results going forward.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from Susan Donofrio with
Macquarie Capital.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH: Just
wanted to touch base on the employee side. I'm just wondering what you're doing
to smooth out and just make sure that the 2 cultures are blending together?

BENITO MINICUCCI: It's Ben. Well just to start, our people
and culture are something we cherish a lot at Alaska. And Virgin had a great --
has a great culture. And if you remember what we said last time, it's one of
the things we did first was align on the purpose of our airline, which is
creating an airline people love, and then we reestablished the values of the
airlines. One of the things we're doing is making sure that every 23,000 of us
at Alaska, Horizon Air Group are delivering our purpose and values. That's the
one thing how you get your culture aligned. The second thing we're doing is
we're getting leaders out in the operation. We are out a lot. Our frontline
leaders are out a lot, talking about the importance of coming together as one
team, as a new Alaska coming together and focusing on just running the best
airline we can, and I think we're making progress. We've been out the last
couple of weeks, we're going to be out the next 2 weeks, and we have a steady
cadence of communication and getting out with folks.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO: Terrific. And then just a follow-up
just on the overall merger. You had spoken before about just some extra cost
related to like res agents, et cetera, just explaining things that you didn't
expect. Are those costs starting to abate now that you're getting more well
known in your markets?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Susan, it's Brandon. Yes, I think so. A
lot of that cost really come as a result of transition, whether it's transition
moving people from a Virgin flight to an Alaska flight or a transition because
of changes in our loyalty program as we move people from Elevate into Mileage
Plan. And by the way, I'd like to thank our res folks and our customer service
agents because they've had to deal with the lion's share of this, but that does
go away. And once we get through PSS, I think it's safe to say that the vast
majority of that will have been abated.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO: Great. And then just can I -- an
unrelated follow-up. Can you just comment on the Hawaiian market, and just what
you're seeing there right now?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Susan, this is Andrew, again. We don't
like to comment specifically on regions, but we have been in that market for 10
years now. We've got it finely tuned, and we're very happy with how we're
running and operating that today.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Okay. I guess our team is telling us that
Susan had the last question. We want to thank you all for tuning in. We look
forward to chatting with you next quarter. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 012518a11183989.789










 EXECUTIVES (92%); EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); CASH FLOW (78%); EARNINGS PER SHARE
(69%); TAXES & TAXATION (67%); TAX REFORM (60%); ELECTRONIC COMMERCE (56%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (98%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (83%);

COWEN GROUP INC (83%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(70%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(69%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (69%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(68%);

MORGAN STANLEY (57%)










 ALK (NYSE) (98%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (83%); JPM (LSE) (83%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(83%); DEUT (JSE) (69%); DBK (FRA) (69%); DBK (BIT) (69%); DBETN (JSE) (69%);
DB (NYSE) (69%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); AIRLINES (90%); INDUSTRY
ANALYSTS (89%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (71%); ELECTRONIC
COMMERCE (56%)










 ALASKA, USA (95%)










 February 1, 2018




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
25, 2017 Wednesday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 11310 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President of Alaska Airlines Inc
and COO of Alaska Airlines Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO, EVP - Finance, CFO - Alaska
Airlines Inc and EVP - Finance - Alaska Airlines Inc

* David L. Campbell

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - CEO of Horizon Air Industries Inc
and President of Horizon Air Industries Inc

* Lavanya Sareen

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - MD of IR

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - SVP of Revenue Management &
e-commerce

* Mark Gregory Eliasen

Alaska Airlines, Inc.

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Director and Equity
Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - VP

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Susan Marie Donofrio

Macquarie Research - Senior Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Devon, and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group's Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Today's
call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.

I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Managing Director of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis,
Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MD OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Devon, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Alaska Air
Group's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Before we jump onto the call today, I
want to quickly introduce Matt Grady, our new Director of Investor Relations.
Matt covered transports on the sell-side and most recently was part of the
Corporate Strategy team at Starbucks. Matt brings a fresh perspective and deep
financial acumen to the team. We're super excited to welcome him into the Air
Group family and I'm looking forward to working with him.

With that, let's jump in. On the call today, our CEO, Brad
Tilden, will provide an overview of the business and share progress on Virgin
America integration; our Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Harrison, will share
an update on our revenues; followed by Brandon Pedersen, our CFO, who will
discuss our financial results and outlook. Several members of our senior
management team are also on hand to help answer your questions.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings. We will refer to certain
non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit costs excluding
fuel. We have provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable
GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release.

On to results. This morning, Alaska Air Group reported a
third quarter GAAP net profit of $266 million. Excluding merger-related costs
and mark-to-market fuel hedging adjustments, Air Group reported an adjusted net
income of $278 million, which was $6 million higher than last year's net income
of $272 million, and our earnings per share grew by 2% to $2.24. Said another
way, Virgin acquisition has been accretive in the third quarter and was
accretive in the first 9 months since close of our merger. However, the net
income did decline on a combined comparative basis. We have included certain
unaudited supplementary data labeled Combined Comparative Statistics on Page 7 of
our earnings release, update to help investors make meaningful comparisons to
the combined results of both airlines in last year's third quarter. Additional
information about cost expectations, capacity plans, fuel hedging, capital
expenditures and other items can be found in our investor update included in
our Form 8-K issued this morning and is available on our website at
alaskaair.com.

And with that, over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Lavanya, and good morning, everybody. With 3 quarters of
2017 now behind us, we continue to be very enthusiastic about our results and
our future, and about fulfilling our purpose of creating an airline that people
love. Economic activity in our West Coast markets remain strong and our core
business continues to perform very well. Our franchise is growing in California
and we're pleased by the response we've seen to our expanding network, to our
focus on hospitality and to our generous Mileage Plan. While our third quarter
results were impacted by some operational challenges and by industry pricing
pressure, we are addressing these issues as we'll discuss in a moment.

For the quarter, our operating revenues grew to a record
$2.12 billion. On net revenue, we earned a pretax margin of 21% and pretax
income of $446 million, which is up 4.4% from the third quarter of last year.
Though down on a combined comparative basis, our results were solid, given the
ongoing integration and given that fuel prices were up 14% year-over-year.

From an ops standpoint, we've come a long way from the
beginning of the year, but we still have work to do. We ranked second out of
the 6 largest carriers on on-time performance for the quarter, up from nearly
the bottom of the pack during the first quarter. While we're pleased to have
closed the gap with our competitors, we remain committed to getting back to the
#1 position on this metric.

And as many of you know, Horizon Air has encountered some
challenges of late. Pilots have been leaving regional airlines for mainline
opportunities at higher rates than in the past and at higher rates than we
anticipated. The introduction of E175s to our fleet has also increased our
training needs. We ended up being short pilots and we scaled back our schedule,
especially in August and September. We've now adjusted our schedule to match
pilot availability, and cancellations have dropped dramatically. We've made a
number of leadership changes as well and we're also consolidating our Horizon
leadership team and our operations center in Seattle, giving us a much better
ability to develop talent across Horizon and Alaska. I'm confident that these
adjustments will position us to run the airline smoothly as we head into 2018.

Now let's talk about our growth. Those of you that have
followed Alaska for many years know that growth is nothing new for us. We've
been expanding capacity at a 7% to 8% rate for more than 20 years now. New
markets added at Alaska by itself since 2010 will account for about 1/4 of this
year's revenues and profits. Our growth this year has been focused on
California. 32 of the 44 new markets we're opening this year will serve the
state. And with this growth, we're putting the building blocks in place to
expand our base of loyal customers. Nevertheless, this growth will not come
without challenges. We know our growth rate is high, even for us, over the next
few quarters and this is during a period of yield softness in the industry.

As has been reported by others, this quarter, we saw pricing
pressure, especially in our transcon and inter-Cal markets with walk-up fare
levels being well below historical norms. While we believe these prices are not
sustainable, they are nonetheless continuing into the fourth quarter. And as a
result, I've asked our network planning and RM teams to evaluate every market
we fly to, to ensure we have the right amount of capacity deployed to generate
acceptable margins and returns. Andrew will talk more about this in a moment.

Turning now to the integration. Our team is doing great
things. We met several key milestones this quarter including Mileage Plan
reciprocity, station co-location at 11 of the 24 airports and the launch of an
internally developed technology that allows gate agents to switch between
Alaska and Virgin check-in and boarding applications. The next 8 months will be
very important as we expect to complete several additional milestones.

In January, we expect to convert to a single payroll, HR and
financial systems. We'll fully integrate our loyalty programs, we expect to
receive a single operating certificate from the FAA, we'll begin the rollout of
satellite Wi-Fi across the fleet and we'll repaint our first Airbus airplane in
the Alaska livery. In the spring, we plan to cut over to a single passenger
service, or PSS system, and this will allow us to unlock many of the revenue
synergies we shared with you at Investor Day. And then, in October we'll
configure our first Airbus interior to the Alaska layout.

By the middle of next year, our most critical integration
milestones will be behind us, and we're thrilled about this. The fact that we
remain on track to complete all of our goals on schedule is a testament to the
quality and dedication of our fantastic people. These people have been working
extremely hard. I want to personally thank them for the many sacrifices they
are making to get this integration done and done well. We're in the midst of an
important transformational period for our company. Nothing worth doing is easy
and every meaningful thing we've accomplished in the last 25 years here has
faced challenges, and this is no different. But during that time, we've also
been steadily and consistently building a great company, and that's what we're
going to keep on doing for all of the people who are counting on us to do so.
Our customers, our communities, our employees and our shareholders.

Thanks very much, and I'll now turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning
everybody. As Brad mentioned, total third quarter revenues grew 5.4% to $2.1
billion. Demand in our core business remains robust and healthy momentum in
California continues. Our capacity team has been busy building an expansive
network on Virgin America's strong foundation. In addition, we've made
substantial progress on the integration with approximately 1/4 of all Virgin
bookings now flowing through AS.com, our revenue management systems fully
integrated, a clear line of sight to implement new product and services on both
the Airbus and Boeing fleets and the co-location of Virgin and Alaska
operations at the major airports such as LA, San Francisco, Portland, Seattle
and New York, for the convenience of our guests.

Now some color on the third quarter. Now same-store markets,
well, markets that have been in operation longer than 1 year, performed well.
Same-store capacity, representing approximately 94% of our total capacity, grew
0.7 point, while RASM was slightly positive. Same-store load factor was strong
at 86%, while certain yields suffered from close-in pricing, primarily in
inter-California and California transcon, both driven by our need to be
competitive with OA actions, and I'll expand in more detail when I get to the
fourth quarter outlook.

The challenges at Horizon also impacted our same-store
results. Flight cancellations led us to either refund or reaccomodate
passengers, which lead to displacement of higher yield bookings and lost
revenues. We estimate this resulted in about $25 million to $30 million of
revenue headwind or about 1.5 points of RASM. But as Brad mentioned, we've
adjusted the flight schedule and Horizon is now running well, and we expect
these revenue headwinds to be substantially lower in the fourth quarter and behind
us by year-end.

Now turning to new market growth, which I know is very much
on everyone's minds. The 20 new markets we commenced in the 9 months ended the
second quarter of 2017 contributed approximately 1/3 of our revenue growth in
the third quarter, with 60% of these markets already profitable and many
returning double-digit margins. With that said, we fully acknowledge our pace
of new market growth is very high, yet critical to unlocking the value of
Virgin America. New market growth of 44 routes this year will not continue at
the current pace and in fact, will slow to only a handful of new markets in
2018, the majority in the Pacific Northwest. As Brad affirmed, our custom
utility is rising. As a reminder, we define utility as the percentage of total
demand for geography where we provide a nonstop flight to help meet that
demand. We're on track to achieve 70% utility out of San Francisco by year end,
and that's up 11 points from the acquisition. Now utility is also growing
across the state of California, and by year-end we'll offer 44% utility to
California customers. That's up 28 points from our 2016 premerger network of
only 16 points.

And our data reaffirms that increased relevance leads to
increased loyalty, as our loyalty program continues to grow nicely given our
network growth. Mileage Plan membership is up 18% year-over-year. In addition,
Alaska Airlines' Affinity credit card holders increased well above passenger
growth. The Alaska Airlines brand also continues a strong march forward in the Bay
Area with unaided awareness improving another 5 points and preference up 4
points since May. Unaided awareness for Alaska, which now sits at 50% exceeds
what Virgin America had in the Bay Area prior to the acquisition.

Now as we look to Q4. We see a more challenging revenue
environment and one that is closer to, but better than, September unit revenue
performance, rather than July or August. Our 11% growth, which includes a 6%
increase in stage length and new markets will pressure unit revenues. But the
more significant challenge is what we have been experiencing in California,
both transcon and inter-Cal. These 2 regions represent approximately 1/4 of our
network. In some key California transcon markets, we are seeing close-in
business fares, 0 to 7 days advance purchase, down 20% to 35%, yet demand
remains strong, and in some cases, industry capacity is relatively flat.
Intra-Cal is no different, with close-in fares down 25% to 35%. To provide
color, Boston-Los Angeles industry capacity was marginally down yet 7-day
advance purchase fares were down nearly 50% -- or 56%, going from to $239 to
$104. In Los Angeles, San Francisco, being an inter-Cal market, industry
capacity was actually down 10% and 7-day advance purchase fares were down 38%,
going from $160 to $99. Now we're doing our best to work through this, but we
do not see any changes in this pricing environment as it stands today.

I now want to move and will provide actually a general sense
of our planned capacity in 2018. We expect to grow about 8% for the full year,
which is nearly 1 point lower that we were originally considering, the first
half higher than the second half. Our focus will be on maturing what we started
this year, with substantially all of our 2018 growth resulting from markets started
this year, but excluding any PAE service tentatively expected to start in late
'18. And we expect our growth in 2019 to come down further, at between 6% to
7%.

Before I turn the call over to Brandon, I want to reiterate
that while the acquisition of Virgin America has brought a number of changes,
our commitment to disciplined growth has not changed. My commercial team and I
know full well we need to produce strong margins at the lowest cost. And if we
do not see a path to achieving our growth objectives at adequate returns on
invested capital, we will adjust cost and quickly.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO, EVP - FINANCE, CFO - ALASKA
AIRLINES INC AND EVP - FINANCE - ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. As you've now heard, Air Group posted a
$270 million third quarter adjusted profit, a $6 million increase over last
year's adjusted Q3 result. This equates to a pretax profit of $446 million and
a trailing 12 pretax margin of 20%. On a combined comparative basis, that is
with Virgin America's third quarter of 2016 in the base, our result was $68
million or 13% lower than last year.

Andrew covered revenues, so I'll cover costs. Fuel costs
were up substantially or $70 million, which equates to 23% and nonfuel costs
rose by $97 million. Unit costs ex-fuel were up 1% on 7% ASM growth.
Operational disruptions resulted in about $6 million of incremental cost during
the quarter, with airports and call centers most heavily impacted. Our call
center team has worked extremely hard over the last few months and our
employees there deserve a huge shout out. Not only did they handle the added
volume from the disruptions, more guests are calling with questions about
integration-related changes to our network and loyalty programs. The Q3 impact
of those costs was partially offset by a shift in timing of some of the
maintenance now planned for Q4. As we look to the fourth quarter, we expect
unit costs to be up about 1.5% on the 11% increase in capacity. While that
certainly doesn't make for a very impressive headline, there are several
drivers.

First, we're pleased to announce that we finally signed a
new engine services deal with GE that covers all 130 of our 737-800 engines.
We're very pleased with the economics of this deal. A power by the hour
structure will help take the lumpiness out of the engine overhaul expense over
the next 9 years compared to a time and materials approach, but it does result
in a near-term CASM impact, which begins in Q4 and will impact 2018.

Second, as I mentioned, we do have some maintenance
activities planned in Q4 that were deferred from Q3, and we're also planning
more advertising and promotional activity in the fourth quarter in support of
our transition to one single Alaska brand.

And finally, the close-in capacity reductions on the
regional side will also impact unit cost, because the fix cost gets spread over
fewer ASMs. In fact, our full year 2017 capacity will now be up 7.2%, down from
the 7.5% we guided to as recently as mid-September and way down from the
guidance as high as 8.5% at one point during the year.

We are deep into the budget process now and expect to
provide 2018 cost guidance in January. Our financial planning team and
divisional leaders are digging into their businesses and together we'll be
setting aggressive budgets. Although the budget is still in process, I thought
I might call out a few significant items. First, the results of our mainline
pilot arbitration. As we reported previously, the annual impact of the company
proposal is $140 million, which we believe puts our pilots' total compensation
in a very competitive position versus others in the industry, especially
considering our relative size and our growth-oriented business.

At the $140 million level, it would result in a nearly
3-point increase in CASM X and will reduce pretax margins by more than 1.5
points. We expect the arbitrator award soon, and for the decision to impact Q4,
which is not included in the Q4 cost guide.

The new engine services deal. This will add about $30
million of incremental expense over what I have been expected to incur --
excuse me, what we might have expected to incur on a time and material basis.
But again, this is about timing, yet the economics over the 9 years are
significantly better.

Third, the growing mix of regional flying, which will be up
nearly 25% next year given all of the E175 adds. This will pressure CASM but
also help RASM.

And finally, continued what I call integration friction. In
other words, costs that don't get captured in the merger-related cost line on
our external P&L but are real. This friction starts to decline right after
we get through the PSS transition. Our job as leaders will be to ensure that we
eliminate these costs as quickly as possible, and we don't let things like
consultant and contractor costs get buried into the baseline or change our way
of thinking and how we get things done around here.

Bottom line, our costs will rise in 2018, but we understand
the importance of low cost of the business model and to the success of the
company. We have a long track record of solid cost control and I'm confident we
can continue to maintain a cost structure that gives us significant competitive
advantage over the legacy carriers.

Our cash flow continues to be strong. We ended the quarter
with $1.7 billion of cash on hand and we've now generated $1.4 billion of
operating cash flow, excluding merger-related expenses since the start of the
year. CapEx for the first 9 months of the year stands at just under $850
million, resulting in more than $600 million of free cash flow, again X
merger-related expenses. We now expect full year 2017 CapEx to be $1.1 billion
and 2018 CapEx to be $1.4 billion. Horizon's deferral of 5 E175s from late 2017
and early 2018 to the back half of 2018 explains the timing shift. Total 2017
and 2018 CapEx is basically unchanged.

Our fleet continues to get younger as we've now retired
nearly all of the 737-400s. Through September 30, we've taken delivery of 10,
737-900 ERs, 2, A321 Neos and 10, E175s. Meanwhile, our portfolio of
unencumbered aircraft continues to grow and is now at 63 aircraft or more than
20% of the fleet. We're also making steady progress re-deleveraging our balance
sheet. Our debt to cap fell by another 2 points this quarter to 53% and we
expect to end the year at about the same level.

Less than a year since we completed the acquisition of
Virgin America, we've lowered our debt to cap by 6 points and are well on our
way of achieving our longer term target in the low to mid-40s range.

Although funding growth and deleveraging remain our primary
capital allocation goals, balance remains important. In that vein, we
repurchased an additional 350,000 shares of stock last quarter. We've now
completed our plan to repurchase $50 million worth of our shares in 2017. We've
also paid $111 million in dividend so far this year.

In sum, this was a very solid quarter for us during what is
and what will continue to be a transitional period. There's a lot of work ahead
to get through the significant integration milestones so that we can begin to
truly be one airline and fully realize the synergies we expect to achieve which
are, by the way, on target. Andrew described a somewhat challenging fare, but
not demand, environment that is pressuring revenues and I covered some
near-term cost pressures that we'll be dealing with. However, we remain very
optimistic that what we're -- about what we're building and the opportunity
ahead.

And with that, let's go to your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from the line of Savi Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: Can I ask on -- I appreciate all the
forward color provided today. On the 2018 growth, I wonder if you can provide
some components on gauge versus the -- and a little bit more color on where
that growth is going to be.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Savi, this is Andrew. The growth next
year, I think a few points of that is actually more like stage length, longer
stage length. Gauge is I think roughly flat, give or take. And really, it'll
break down to about 10 points of growth in the first half of the year and then
second points of growth in the second part of the year. And as I shared in my
prepared remarks, fundamentally, all of this growth is just the annualization
of what we've started in 2017, which as we shared earlier, will be a lot of
California and then some transcon, Pacific Northwest and Mexico City flying.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: And if I -- if I might ask on the
cost side, Brandon, is it -- are you kind of indicating that even without the
pilot deals, kind of unit costs would be up next year, is that fair?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Yes, Savi. As I mentioned, we're still
in the budget process, so it's too early to say for sure. What I would say is
that I gave you a bunch of the pieces, the pilots are going to be probably 3
points of CASM. We do have other cost pressures that are just -- they're just
these -- or the reality of the business or like the maintenance deal, really
good economics that where the expense impact is different than what I'd call
the cash impact, and then there's the mix issue. We do have this friction that
I've been talking about and that's real, that will be in the first half of the
year. As I said, it'll start to come out in the second half year. So it's
probably a fair assessment to say flattish, perhaps up modestly, ex-pilots. But
again, in terms of a specific quantification, really hard to do because I don't
know the size of the pilot arbitration decision and I don't know when it
starts. So it's hard to give you a percentage year-over-year change.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie
Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: A question on
Horizon and the pilot issue. I'm just curious, if you think you've taken a
sufficiently proactive approach to reducing capacity further out than what you
had been doing in the past. It felt initially like maybe you were running the
airline just sort of in hopes that the problem might go away, or find some
solution rather than taking the approach that there maybe this is just the new
normal. I guess, I'm just surprised that after talking about this in the second
quarter, we're still talking about it as it relates to the third quarter.

DAVID L. CAMPBELL, CEO OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC AND
PRESIDENT OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Jamie, Dave
Campbell, good morning. Hey, just a little bit of a background for you there.
Let me see if I can go back a little farther. I think, part of the challenge is
really the fact that we got behind hiring initially last year because we're
simply not competitive from a staffing -- from a pay standpoint. We've finally
got a deal in place that allowed us to start to hire. The biggest challenge
moving forward right now is now catching up on the training business. We're now
hiring about 30 pilots a month, so feel really good about that, but it's going
to take us another 90 days to really catch up on the backlog of training and
moving forward, I feel very comfortable that we have a solid plan in place,
it's going to work. What we're seeing right now is that pulling the schedule
down to the levels that allow us to operate daily has made a huge difference
already. So far this month, we've had 24 days in and of those 24 days, we only
had -- we've had 19 days were we had no pilot cancels compared to last month,
where we had on average about 500 cancels for the month. So we're getting a lot
more control, a lot more flexibility, but it's really now about catching up on
the training piece of business.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Jamie, it's Brad, I'd like to add onto
that. This is on us. We should have seen this coming, and that's just all we'll
say about it. But I think we're talking about it this quarter because it
affected third quarter results on September 8th, so 1.5 months ago, we brought
the schedule down and honestly, since those reductions it's run quite --
Horizon's run quite well.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay, and then, 2 just really quick
housekeeping items. You mentioned the color on yield pressures, you set that
down 25% to 30%, we were having trouble hearing that, that was related to
transcon close-in business, is that correct?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: (inaudible) me, Andrew, let me quickly
correct that statement. Yes, we're just saying, in select California transcon
and even inter-California markets, close-in bookings down significantly, they
seem to be (inaudible) state fares, they seem to be disconnected from demand.
What we talked about was really September, looking into the fourth quarter,
what we did say was that the fourth quarter will more likely resemble the
September unit revenue performance, although we expect to be better than that,
but that's sort of where we're seeing things the right now.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Got it. And just on that topic of
Premium transcon, can you remind us the timing of when the Virgin Premium
product starts to kind of harmonize with the Alaska product? I just, I view
that Premium market is one that is increasingly less important over time to
Alaska, that's why I'm asking the question.

SHANE TACKETT, SVP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT & E-COMMERCE,
ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Yes, Jamie. This is Shane. Just to be super clear,
Virgin aircraft are going to be reconfigured to resemble the Boeing series that
we've got, so we will densify the First Class cabin from 8 to 12 on most of the
fleet, and the A321s will have 16 in the First Class cabin. That starts
September of 2018, it's going to take us about 15 months after we get going to
do the entire fleet (inaudible). Sorry, premium class will be a part of that,
too.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew
Didora with Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Brad, I think you're obviously taking a lot of aircraft now through
year end. I was just wondering if as the pace of delivery schedules sort of
limits your ability to cut capacity further in 2018? If you feel like demand or
your operations warrant it?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, so Andrew, we don't have as you are
sort of saying, we don't have a lot of close-in control over capacity. But what
I would share is, we feel super solid about this strategy. What we are seeing
-- the competitive pricing that we're seeing in California is a little
different than we expected and then maybe to give analysts a little bit more
context. If we look at our third quarter RASM, the Alaska RASM, sort of the
legacy Alaska market, was flat. The RASM in the legacy Virgin markets was
actually down 8%. So that -- we actually are thinking about this, and Andrew
gave you some sort of insights as we look forward to sort of the back part of
'18 and '19, we did have some thoughts on '19 that we're actually pulling in a
little bit. But yes, there's not a huge ability to control capacity near term,
but we're always thinking 12, 18, 24 months out. And if anything, we're pulling
in that thinking a little bit right now.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: The other thing I would just quickly add
there, Andrew is, we do have real flexibility, certainly on the regional side.
We've taken 21 -- 25 Embraer 175s next year and we have 2, 400s that we are
basically putting on the ground starting today and bringing that fleet down. So
we do have flexibility in the retirement of the regional fleet that will --
which is a decent part of our growth next year.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: And maybe Andrew, you're making a good
point. We don't have huge flexibility with aircraft deliveries. I mean, what
we've actually asked these guys to do is go look at ASMs by day of week, by
number of frequencies per day and adjust those to come up with the most -- the
best position for the company on our flight schedule.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Got it, that's helpful. And then
Andrew, maybe more a point of clarification in terms of your 4Q RASM
commentary. I know September had some impact from the Horizon pilots, so your
comments for 4Q, are they referring to the reported September RASM, I think it
was down around 5.5, or were you talking more toward the core trend, ex the
Horizon disruption?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think my only -- there'll be a little
bit of Horizon disruption in the fourth quarter. I think my comments were
really to try and frame for everybody that our unit revenue performance is more
likely this September, but less than that is what we're seeing right now. So
again, I don't want to get too prescriptive there, but on 11% growth, I'll also
tell you that October is our peak growth of 12% and going forward, that will be
the highest capacity growth and it's just going to come down from there.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Would you be able to give us a sneak
peek into what -- how October is trending right now?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I'm getting stares from the CFO, so I'm
going to have to -- I'm sorry.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: It's Brandon. This is an answer that
again, demand is solid but we're seeing some close-in pricing that is puzzling
to us.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Michael
Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Two questions here. Andrew, I
want to get back to just how you qualified the growth in 2018. I mean, I think
you said that a lot of it or the majority of it was really the annualization of
'17. But the '18 number, it looks like it's going to come in higher than what
'17 was, and I'm not sure if that reflects the fact that you had to pull down a
bunch of E175 services that should have been in the schedule, and maybe they're
coming back in '18. Like what, can you just really give us a little bit more
color on that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I think a couple of things. I think
as you've heard, we've had -- Alaska's mainline, its completion rate, has been
0.5 point lower than historic standards, Virgin has been 1.5 points lower than
I think historic standards and Horizon has been, I think sort of 4 points lower
than historic standards. So I think for 2018 -- 2017, excuse me, our completion
rate of ASMs was down. Operational reasons and of course, to your earlier
point. And I think going forward, as we go into 2018 again, we've got big stage
length -- decent stage length increases, and we continue to upgauge our fleet.
So I think there's a little noise here and there. I think we're going to be at
7.2% this year. We'll get more clear for you, but it's roughly on about the
same basis if we run a full schedule this year, is my -- because we started off
at 8.5%, I think, something like that. So we ended at '17, so.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, that makes sense. And then
just to Brandon. In the third quarter, you had a free cash deficit and I see it,
obviously you paid the dividend, you bought back stock. And I'm just curious
about the fact that maybe you have a more seasonal operation with the transcons
if it was just a shift in the ATL and that had a bigger impact now that you
have Virgin in the fold. What kind of drove that? Maybe it was that bad, or was
it something else?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Free cash -- hey Mike, good morning,
it's Brandon. Well, I hadn't really focused on the fact that we had a free cash
deficit.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: It looks like it was about $300
million. And we get that for -- seasonally, we see that with a lot of carriers.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Just off the top of my head, it's
probably a pullback in the ATL, just as we get through the summer of flying.
It's probably the timing of pre-delivery payments on deliveries, and that's
probably it. There was nothing significant that jumped out during the quarter
that would result in a free cash deficit other than like you say, just the
normal seasonality combined just with the timing of capital expenses
(inaudible).

MARK GREGORY ELIASEN, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: For the year,
our free cash flow will be very solid though, just to point out.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So, so look, I know mergers are
hard, but it does feel like what's been happening here is really not what
people are used to with you guys. That the execution has been sloppy, there's
been bad cost control. It feels like the old, sort of Alaskan narrative is
increasingly irrelevant to the investor story right now. And a lot of that
relates to cost. So I appreciate you're still in the budgeting process and
you've given us a reasonable amount of color on 2018, and I appreciate that.
But, and maybe can answer this today, maybe you can answer it in a month or 2,
but can you guys give some thought to providing a multi-year CASM ex-fuel look.
A lot of the other airlines have done that, but I think you guys have really
the track record and the credibility to do it, where people can actually kind
of buy into it and believe and hang onto it, like something that sort of the
old Alaska had, before you sort of lost this mojo, which I think really kind of
started around the Analyst Day. So have you guys given any consideration to
that either today or some point in the future?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Hunter, it's Brad, I'll start and then
we'll -- maybe Brandon or Ben want to jump in as well. I think you're making --
mergers are hard, is the simple thing. We announced this thing April of 2016.
We closed it December of '16. We sort of have been focused on this thing for,
what is that math, 1.5 years now or something like that, and honestly, we've
got another 6 or 8 months to run hard. What we're trying to do organizationally
is say, look, this thing is done middle of next year, and we're back to running
an airline. I think your characterization is right, we are good airline
operators. We're good at managing costs, we're good at managing operations,
we're actually good at managing revenues. But we have been a little bit focused
on the merger. And the sooner we get back to getting them -- the sooner we get
to the place where the merger is done, when we're running the airline which
means whatever is getting close to our people, budgets, all of that stuff, the
better. I think you're asking a great question. Honestly, a hallmark of us is
we like to have -- we go back -- we do like to have 3-year cost targets,
whether we share them or not for each of our divisions in terms of what they're
doing, productivity and volume and so forth, so. I think that's a great
challenge for the leadership team, to see if there's something that we want to
come back all of you, and communicate with. But the big picture, it is what it
is. This merger, it does change a culture. There are literally hundreds of
systems that you have to get through, there's labor's agreement, there's
people, there's jobs moving and it does take your eye off -- you actually do
have to shift from what I think this company does best. And I'll just say it
from my own perspective, the sooner we get this thing behind us and get back to
doing what we do well, the better. And I personally think that will -- middle
of 2018 at the latest and honestly, I'm shifting my attention to that right
now. Ben? Brandon, is there anything you guys would to add to that?

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC AND COO
OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Hunter, it's Ben. Our entire
operations team is focused on the same thing. As you know, our -- we're trying
to do both, we're trying to run an integration, we're trying to run 2
operations and keep an eye on cost and it's -- just take it from me, example,
I'm in the Bay Area half the time and we're looking forward to midyear when we
start getting focused and getting back to what we do best, which is running a
great operation, to keeping costs tight and delivering on our goals.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: And -- this is Brandon, maybe I'll just
close. I can assure you that we are more frustrated than you about this whole
thing, and there's a lot of anxiety around here, there's been a lot of tough
conversations in the last few weeks about this. We've already started talking
about this notion of a glide slope, to get from the place we are now to the
place we want to be, and...

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Yes, no, I'm not frustrated. You're better
than this. Your investors are frustrated. I mean, I'm just an analyst. I'm just
trying to just sort of do the work and forecast things. But -- I know, I get
the frustration. But I think a multi-year guide on cost from you guys in
particular, might be powerful, something to think about, just for the future.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Hunter, we'll give it honest thought.

DAVID L. CAMPBELL: So Hunter, David Campbell. I'll all add
one more comment, and that is the fact that, before Horizon, we weren't
distracted by the merger. Our issue is that just we didn't see the amount of
attrition that was coming for us, we're not prepared for, having training
capacity that actually can handle the operation. So we have 6 new leaders
inside of Horizon, flight ops teams, so I have a lot of confidence when I get
back to running a great airline.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: And then Brad, when you say you're asking
your network team to review new markets, that felt like a -- you were trying to
tell us something there. I mean you emphasized that, I think there is a
headline in Bloomberg about it. Don't you do that anyway? I mean, I would
assume that's something you guys always do, and then the comments around sort
of like the inflexibility around capacity, I mean, what can you really do
there? And then like what's new? What were you trying to tell us in that
statement that's actually new? And what are the potential outcomes from it?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Good question. We -- so in the last 12
months, we bought Virgin America, we got a lot of revenue, a lot of markets
that we -- that we don't -- these weren't our market decisions, it's not our
history. Then on top of that, we've added 44 new markets on there. And I think
what we're saying is, I am not only pleased, but I'm like really impressed with
this team's ability in legacy markets to go in and understand the natural demand
to build a schedule, day of week, time of day, number of frequency that is
exactly right for that amount of demand and our competitive position. I would
say yes, we -- it's a fair question, don't you do that anyway, but that's a --
it's a good question, but I would just say we haven't done that with the Virgin
network, and I think what you'll see us do, go into that network and I'll just
say it, a lot of this stuff is extremely important to us strategically. So a
lot of this stuff isn't going to change, but there's something in there that
you might see changed. There are frequencies, there are markets they were 3 a
day, 2 a day may be a better, a more profitable outcome with this, and there
may be things geographically that you'll see us change. So that's what we're
really trying to say, is that we are getting our arms around the Virgin
network, we're starting to think about it. We're not making an announcement
today, but I think you will see something down the road, you'll see some
adjustments to the part of the schedule that we inherited from Virgin America.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Susan
Donofrio from Macquarie Capital.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO, SENIOR ANALYST, MACQUARIE RESEARCH: I
just wanted to circle back to your new market. You had made a comment on the
last call, that you thought you were seeing kind of a quicker ramp-up than the
normal 2 to 3 years, and obviously I recognize that there's some competitive
dynamics going on overall, but are you still comfortable in what you're seeing
with that?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Susan, this is Andrew. I think we
talk a lot about new markets and there's really 2 major categories there, the
ones that are, have been in the schedule and selling for 1, 2, 3 years now and
then like even in the third quarter, there's 20 where we've actually have no
real history on as well. I think what I'm -- what we're saying here is, number
one, that the ones we have started and invested in, continue to ramp quickly
and do well at the portfolio, and speaking with Shane and his team just the
other day, and we're seeing good, encouraging build up on a lot of the new
markets. So I think there's just a real -- just to get really clear, so there's
no confusion that there is -- what we're trying to say is that the standard new
markets and growing, we feel very good about our new markets, but we're also in
the legacy Virgin America network seeing real pressure in a good chunk of their
network, which a lot of it is close-in pricing and some other things going on.
So as a portfolio going forward, we still feel very good about our new markets
and how they're building, and we will make adjustments down the road if we need
to.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO: Okay, and then just shifting, just
your operations. I know you have made some comments about ATC issues and you're
kind of working on readjusting some of the schedules, where are you with that?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Good morning, Susan, Ben Minicucci here.
We're working hard. So what we've done is we've got a huge initiative with our
flight ops team to really understand all the ATC. We have new issues in
Seattle, of course, with some of the capacity. We're really understanding San
Francisco and LAX to a certain extent. So we're working with the network team,
trying to make sure our flight schedule, the volume we're putting in at times
of day, day of week make sense for us to achieve a certain operational
reliability and customer satisfaction. So we're working through that. We're
learning. I would say is, we're not where we want to be, but we're learning
what the challenges are with ATC. We're going to try to develop the best
operational performance with the best network and -- that we can get from this,
so it's still work in progress.

SUSAN MARIE DONOFRIO: So you would expect to maybe start rolling
that out in 2018, in terms of adjustments to the schedules?

BENITO MINICUCCI: We did rollout in chunks. What we're doing
is, we're just rolling out in chunks. As you grow, we got to figure out where
the growth comes, and you've seen us rolling out in increments over '18 and
even into '19 as we make (inaudible). Because honestly, we're working with the
FAA as well in Seattle, to make sure we get as much throughput out of Sea-Tac
as we can get. So what we want to do is get Sea-Tac to actually operate better
than it is today. So we've got to work with several agencies to make sure that
happens.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin
Crissey with Citigroup.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Thanks for the time. Maybe for Andrew. Can
you talk about the close-in pricing? You've been pretty clear about what it is,
but maybe you talk about why close-in as to opposed earlier in the booking
curve you would see pressure? Maybe you can't speak for others I assume, but
generally, why do you see that occur?

SHANE TACKETT: Kevin, this is Shane. I think that's a fair
question, and you're right. I think you'd have to sort of ask other folks about
why they might be doing it. But we -- the thing -- the point we want to just
sort of get across is, we haven't seen a fundamental change in demand. So we
came into the month where we thought we would be from an advanced load factor
standpoint, the bookings materialize close-in, just as we kind of we thought they
would. They just came in at lower price points, which were by and large brought
by others, and I'd really -- hard for me to speculate as to why they would've
-- other people would've done that.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: It's a challenge for us, maybe this
is more of statement more than it is question, but maybe a question will come
out of it. It's bad enough when this industry is kind of supply and demand is
seen as commodity. This is like worse than a commodity, the demand is strong,
the supply is decent and the price is actually worse than you'd expect, so it's
hard for investors to take this industry and say it's a good industry and an
improved industry when these are the types of results we get, so. Maybe I'll
move onto another question. The question would be, relevance mattering, I can
understand that having been at JetBlue, that certainly a philosophy that they
had there. Can you talk about the speed of getting to that relevance? It seems
that the airlines that run into kind of pricing pressures often when there's
really rapid growth, so what was the urgency to grow so quickly, to create that
relevance? Can you -- is it a first mover advantage? Why does speed to market
matter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No -- people might have different
philosophies, but I'm a simple man and it's really simple. We came out there
and just put it all on the table, set it out, guests knew where we were going,
our investors should know where we're going, our employees know where we're
going and the executive team knows where we're going and that's what we've put
out today. So we have a clear mandate, we have a great foundation, we're going
to go. We weren't going to do this over X years or if we just want to get it
done. Behind us as Brad said, and get really good at what we do best.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, and Kevin, it's hard to ask for
somebody's loyalty if you can't take them where you need to get them. And as a
reminder, San Francisco, as an example, we've done, in the last 2 years, from
being able to serve 11% of the customers there to 70%. So I think it was the
right -- there's no question in my mind it was the right thing to do, but we've
got some growing pains. To your first question, like why -- you've got strong
demand, no growth in capacity and fare pressure, it's a great question. I sort
-- I personally think it's jostling around, the sort of competitors compete for
a position in the marketplace. And I -- as what I've seen over my career is,
that just settles down in time. It settles down on the ones that do have
competitive advantage, they operate well, they've got great employees, great
service, great cost structure, great fare structure, they survive, and I think
we're going to survive, but that's what we're going through right now.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

LAVANYA SAREEN: Let's go to the next analyst.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Dan
McKenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: Andrew, if I can go back to the transcon and
intra-California pricing pressure, to just ask this a little differently, what
percent of the revenue is being impacted by basic economy pricing in the third
and the fourth quarters, is it the 25% stat you shared or is it something
higher? I guess, that's the first question. And then second of course, I don't
expect you to tell me what you're going to do, but are there steps that you can
take to put fences around from the ULCC pricing?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: And I'm going to let Shane answer that
one.

SHANE TACKETT: Good question on the percent. Basic economy
is pretty much rolled out, more or less throughout most of our systems,
certainly throughout California. I mean, there are a few markets here and there
where it's filed, but not selling a lot. But I think most markets now, we at
least see it in the sort of 21 AP range. We have seen it come in to some of the
close-in pricing. I don't have the exact percentage but it's broader than it
was before. That was the first question. The second question...fences, yes, I
think that's a good question. Look I, I think a lot of these fare types have
been practically gated out of agent like corporate sort of travel portals. In
terms of indirect distribution, I do think there's a question here for OTAs. I
think they put these products on the shelf, which, in general, people don't
like them a lot right next to our product and consumers may not know that
there's an actual difference in -- we've been sort of taking our associate
partners to task over that, and I think they actually need to help do a better
job, inform customers. People at the same price would prefer our product
generally, because they have more stuff included.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: I actually may circle back after the
call with maybe a couple of thoughts. But I guess, Andrew or Shane, I guess,
another question here. I think the rule of thumb on RASM when it comes to the
new flying, historically has been around sort of 80% of system RASM and please
correct on that, but my question really is, what did you see in the third
quarter? Was it coming in, and I'm not talking, just intra-California, transcon
but just all, kind of 44 new markets here, is it coming in at 30%? And what
percent of the capacity is in the markets that are 12 months or less here in
the fourth quarter?

SHANE TACKETT: So for Q3, the new markets, it's 6% of our
capacity, it's all of our growth basically for Q3. Your stats are almost
exactly on. Generally, those are the numbers that we would look at. We would
look at a year 1 ramp that gets to about 80% of the region's average, so we
break our network into 13 regions, and they were below that in Q3 which we
would have expected because we started them in Q3, so we have all these
outbound -- or the returns of the initial outbounds have nobody on them, but
they were in 65-ish to 70% range, and they're moving up.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Darryl
Genovesi with UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brad, you provide some commentary on having
most of the merger integration stuff wrapped up by middle next year, you've got
a big pilot contract to address next year. And looking beyond, you've also got
some, I think you've also got some other labor cost pressure outside the
pilots. Just wondering, I mean, from where you guys sit today, do you feel like
you will be able to resume EPS growth in 2019, because it seems like 2018, it
seems like you're going to have a hard time growing earnings, growing EPS next
year, but I mean, just looking out to 2019, the way you guys sort of see your
labor cost developing, assuming kind of status quo, economic -- macro-economic
environment, I mean, is there -- was there an opportunity to actually resume
earnings growth in '19?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Darryl, we sort of have a proud tradition
of not talking about time periods that far out. But I would say is that there a
lot of dislocation that right now, that we've discussed. We are sort of
consumed with getting the merger done. We're having a fair bit of cost pressure
right now. We're, as we enter some of these new markets, we're getting pushed
back, that's affected some of the fares. I do see -- I do think we're in a
transition period now, and I sort of see some choppy water getting better as we
look forward. It's probably -- we don't know, fuel, the economy, a lot of
things we don't know about 2019, so it's probably not smart for us to make a
lot of estimates about -- that's something you guys are probably better
positioned to do than us. But I think this firm, this company, is going to be,
through our transition, we're going to settled down and operating. We'll be in
a much, much better place by honestly, the middle of next year.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. I mean, you had to kind of
characterize the labor pressure that's still to come, beyond what you say on
the pilots. Would you say overall, it's kind of more significant than what
you're going to see on the pilots in the aggregate, or less significant than what
you'll see from the pilots in the aggregate?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Darryl, it's Ben Minicucci. While for '18,
we have one contract that's amendable, and from '19, there are 3 coming open. I
guess what we'll say is, our philosophy has been, -- it's going to be
consistent, just like it's been with pilots, and unfortunately we're in
arbitration. But we have a principle on being a low-fare, low-cost, high-growth
airline. And that dictates having a certain cost structure and a labor cost
that needs to be consistent with that. That's going to be our strategy going
in. The market will dictate where that lies, but that's going to be our
strategy going in. So it's hard for us to predict how much pressure is going to
be around there, but I'm just telling you, that's our mindset going in with
every labor contract.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Rajeev
Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Just coming back to the comments around developing markets going into
next year, can you maybe talk about, or quantify what the opportunity is around
it? Maybe just quantify what the headwinds were this year, just from having
that much in the system.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Rajeev, I think -- I'll answer this more
generally, and that is, and you heard Brad's remarks around the integration.
But with our partners now have 46 wide-bodies a day, departing San Francisco
and Los Angeles globally, all that traffic and all the rest that will come on,
we'll get a share of that as we work together. As we put in Premium Class and
reconfigure aircraft, as we grow the loyalty program, as we mature the markets,
as we get better with revenue management and as we tweak the schedules going
forward, I think what I -- the way I would answer that to say is, we see only
-- I only see upside in all the things coming together, single reservation
systems, Premium Class, getting our First Class cabin configured, densifying
our aircraft, building the loyalty, I just see exciting things for us going
forward. And so while I can't comment on specific markets, the portfolio, I
believe is going to do well.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Helane
Becker with Cowen Securities.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just have a couple of questions. One,
when you think about the Horizon training schedule, we're coming up on the
holidays, are your classes filled through that period, or will there be a pause
while the holidays occur, and then resume again in the new year?

DAVID L. CAMPBELL: Helane, this is Dave Campbell. We are set
for the balance of the year in terms of a steady flow of pilots that come into
the company that are in training right now. We've pulled the schedule down to
match that level. I have no concerns at all about the holiday. We've actually
got a lot of help from the unions on a process called unstacking, which allows
us to actually better cover the holiday periods with reserves. So I feel really
good going into the holidays, both for Thanksgiving and through January 1.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: I don't know who should answer this
question, but I noticed that you dropped your fees on carrying odd oversize
items to $25. And I'm just kind of wondering if the revenue impact is kind of
just a rounding error, a. And b, the other part of the question was really with
regard to OTAs, and if they don't understand your pricing, and maybe can't
align with what you're doing, why don't you pull capacity out of those providers
and kind of push everybody to Alaska.com?

SHANE TACKETT: Helene, this is Shane. Yes, the reduction in
sort of sporting equipment is the way we sort of went out with it. Yes, it's a,
it was a very, very small overall amount of revenue, and I think you got incredibly
good press and play on it, and I think it's a great thing for our customers on
the West Coast, people, these are near and dear into their hearts, they've got
a lot of outdoors activities. We received a lot of sort of good support and
response from customers on that, so we're happy to do it. On the OTA thing,
it's still a large enough distributor of tickets that it probably doesn't make
sense for us to just walk away from it. We're more interested in optimizing the
channel and working with partners and Expedia is a very large one, they're
right up the street from us, we have got a good relationship with them. Google
is another one we have a really good relationship, so. We just need to get the
way that they merchandise the products to be a little more clear, which is what
we're working on.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon
Oglenski with Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew or Brandon, I just want to get a point
of clarification here, because my inbox is lit up with all sorts of questions
on your revenue outlook here. Did you say the 4Q range is going to be better
than where you were in September? Can you just remind us.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: That's what -- from what we're seen
today, we're seeing it to be better than September, but we don't want to add
more color to that.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: So If I were to dissect this call,
I think I heard 3 things. I'm not sure where we can place the weakness. You
guys talked weaker walk-up fares and expense even though demand is okay. You
talked about new markets, so I guess are maturing along the schedule that you
would expect, but I guess, that did the impact your relative revenue
performance here. But I guess, what troubles me, and I think Brad mentioned
this earlier, you said your legacy Alaska network actually has flat PRASM but
Virgin was down, was it 7% or 8%, you said Brad? I guess, when I hear that, I
understand Andrew, you're talking about city presence and relevance and
anything else but is there something working underneath the surface here, where
guys have lost some customer loyalty at Virgin? Are you seeing book away.
Because I hear the walk-up fares in California, but we're just not hearing that
same pressure at some of your very closely overlapping peers? So is there
something else going on at Virgin right now?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: No, as I shared, and I don't want to go
on to details, but our loyalty growth is, very, very strong. And again, the
whole premise here is that we've bought this huge base and we have nothing but
improvements that we'll be making to that across every major commercial lever.
And I think what you're seeing, just to be putting it bluntly here is, the
industry is reacting to our new reality here in California, and that's what we
have.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph
DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: I guess, at the Investor Day, you guys gave
the revenue synergy target of $240 million. The problem with that number a
little bit is that as fares come down, that most revenue synergy buckets would
also come down, the one that doesn't is the credit card program. So can you
just talk about, I guess, this is for Brandon, the process of realizing the
incremental earnings from the credit card. Is it just a simple as bringing
Virgin customers over to the Alaska card, or you do actually need to, kind of
go to BofA to renegotiate? Just talk about how that works and maybe what the
incremental earnings are expected to be next year?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: No, it's not a matter of renegotiation
at all. We're actually satisfied with our contract with BofA right now. It's a
long-term deal, so we have no plans to go out right now and to renegotiate that
deal. Although I would say BofA has been really helpful and we expect them to
continue be helpful, providing incentives for us to attract members to the
Alaska Airlines credit card. We do have a process going right now to get people
from the Virgin America card over to the Alaska card, but it's more than just
conversion. It is growing that credit card presence in California. We gave you
some information at Investor Day that even with small penetration, the economics
are going to be powerful. I'm not going to give you any, earnings or EPS number
in terms of what that means, but what we will say is that the credit card as
you well know, is a strong driver of cash flow and an economic engine in this
company and we would continue to see that as being an opportunity as we grow
the base.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay, fair enough. And then Brandon
just I guess, kind of on top of that, on Page 4, you guys provide your income
statement and you kindly breakout freight and mail revenue. I don't really
think anybody cares about freight and mail revenue. Would it make more sense to
break out the commission revenue that you received from the card instead of
that, so investors has something to look at as -- and quantify the benefit of
the loyalty program.

BENITO MINICUCCI: This is Ben. I think our cargo forwarding
(inaudible) Alaska Airlines for all our cargo employees out there.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: That is really hard, Joe. It's a fair
point just to evaluate what the classification is in front of the P&L. What
I would tell you is, is that we get plenty of detail on the footnotes and so
you'll have to wait 2 weeks to get that.

OPERATOR: And your last question comes from the line of
James Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Just a quick follow-up, and you sort
of touched on this earlier, but how confident are you that the close-in
weakness isn't related to the advent of basic economy at the competitive level,
and does this cause you to rethink your strategy at all, in regards to that
product?

SHANE TACKETT: Jamie, this is Shane. Yes, confidence --
right now we're watching basic really closely. I don't think that's the
principal driver and we'll continue to monitor that -- if that changes.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: All right, everybody. Thanks very much,
we look forward to speaking -- we look forward to seeing you guys out and about
or talking to you on our fourth quarter call, which is coming up in 3 months.
Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102517a11000620.720










 EXECUTIVES (92%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (78%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (78%); INTERIM
FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); COMPANY STRATEGY (74%); ELECTRONIC COMMERCE (54%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (82%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (69%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(69%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(67%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (66%);

MORGAN
STANLEY (57%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(82%); C (NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%); 8710 (TSE) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK
(FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%); MS (NYSE) (57%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (91%); AIRLINES (91%); CONFERENCE
CALLS (89%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (89%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (88%); BANKING &
FINANCE (76%); INVESTMENT BANKING (74%); ELECTRONIC COMMERCE (54%)










 ALASKA, USA (96%)










 October 29, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
26, 2017 Wednesday




Copyright
2017

ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 10669 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Benito Minicucci

. - President of Alaska Airlines Inc
and COO of Alaska Airlines Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO & President

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO, EVP - Finance, CFO - Alaska
Airlines Inc and EVP - Finance - Alaska Airlines Inc

* Christopher Michael Berry

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP - Finance, Controller, VP -
Finance for Alaska Airlines Inc & Controller of Alaska Airlines Inc

* David L. Campbell

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - CEO of Horizon Air Industries Inc
and President of Horizon Air Industries Inc

* Joseph A. Sprague

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - SVP of Communications &
External Relations - Alaska Airlines, Inc.

* Lavanya Sareen

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - MD of IR

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - VP of Revenue Management

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Brandon Robert Oglenski

Barclays PLC, Research Division - VP and Senior Equity
Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Investment Bank, Research Division - Director and Equity
Research Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace & Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - VP

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Michael John Linenberg

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - MD and Senior Company
Research Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning, my name is Virgil, and I will be
your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group Second Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call.
Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions) Thank you.

I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Managing Director of Investor Relations and Financial Planning and Analysis,
Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MD OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Virgil, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Alaska Air
Group's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. On the call today, our CEO, Brad
Tilden, will provide an overview of the business and share progress on the
Virgin America integration; and our Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Harrison,
will share revenue results for the quarter; followed by Brandon Pedersen, our
CFO, who will discuss our financial results and outlook for second half of
2017. Several members of our senior management team are also in the room to
help answer your questions.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

We will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures such as
adjusted earnings and unit costs excluding fuel. We have provided a
reconciliation between the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures
in our earnings release.

Moving to results. This morning, Alaska Air Group reported
second quarter GAAP net profit of $296 million. Excluding merger-related costs
and the impact of mark-to-market adjustments related to our fuel hedge
portfolio, Air Group reported an adjusted net income of $312 million and
earnings per share of $2.51, that's in line with the First Call consensus.

As we did last quarter, we have included certain unaudited
supplementary data labeled, Combined Comparative Statistics, on Page 7 of our
earnings release to help investors make meaningful comparisons to the combined
results of both airlines and last year's second quarter. We think this provides
investors better insights in how the overall business is performing. Additional
information about cost expectations, capacity plans, fuel hedging, capital
expenditures and other items can be found in our investor update included in
our Form 8-K issued this morning and available on our website at alaskaair.com.

And now I'll turn the call over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Lavanya, and good morning, everybody. As Lavanya
mentioned, we reported a net profit of $312 million for the second quarter and
that represents an 18% increase in earnings when comparing to Alaska by itself
last year and about a 1% increase in earnings if we include both Alaska and
Virgin America in the base. This is our second full quarter owning Virgin
America, and the combination has had a positive impact on earnings and is
highly accretive to earnings per share. The Virgin operation, net of financing
costs, generated more than $30 million of net profit for us this quarter.

Our quarterly profit -- or our quarterly revenue topped $2
billion for the first time in our history, and this growth has come at a healthy
margin. Our trailing 12-month margin -- trailing 12-month pretax margin was
about 20%.

As we head into the second half of the year, I want to share
with you an update on how our business is performing and take stock of progress
we've made on the integration. We're pleased on both fronts, but as I said on
the last call, we are in execution mode right now and our team is working very
hard to fulfill our purpose of creating an airline that people love.

At Alaska, we start everything we do with safety, so let's
start there. Safety is job #1 for all of our 20,000 employees. Our commitment
to operating safely was recently validated by our maintenance teams at Alaska
and Horizon as they earned the FAA's prestigious AMT Diamond Award for
maintenance, training and excellence for the 16th time. I want to congratulate
both teams for this impressive accomplishment.

Turning to operations. To be direct, our operational
performance has not met our expectation in the first half of the year, but
we're on the road to recovery now. Air space and airport congestion are
increasing across the country, but we're seeing big impacts in Seattle, San
Francisco and Los Angeles. We're working now to develop a plan to reflect the
new reality of the environment we operate in. Our team is working on a playbook
that will standardize across the various parts of our operation and our
customer communications organizations how we handle -- or how we're going to
handle typical ground delay programs and irregular operations. The goal is to again
deliver industry-leading operational reliability while avoiding expensive
increases of block times.

Despite starting the year at the back of the entire pack,
our team has rallied and we're now in the #2 spot in on-time performance among
the 6 largest airlines in the United States. I'm proud of our team, but we have
more work to do especially on improving our completion factor and time line
adherence for our regional operation.

Our people have continued to provide excellent customer
service. Despite our operational struggles and the fact that many parts of our
airline are under construction, our second quarter customer satisfaction score
is only 1 point lower than our all-time second quarter high. This commitment to
our customers was recognized again this year with Alaska receiving the 10th
consecutive J.D. Power award for customer service during the quarter and Virgin
America being raised as the best U.S. Airline by Travel + Leisure in their
annual readers' choice awards also for the 10th year in a row. And we just
learned that just last week, Alaska Airlines was named 1 of the top 10 airlines
in the world by TripAdvisor, receiving their first annual Traveler's Choice
award for airlines. These awards are fantastic recognitions for our employees,
and I want to congratulate them and thank them for everything they're doing to
make this a great airline for our customers.

I know you have questions about the progress of our pilot
negotiations, and I want to provide some detail on the process that you might
find helpful. As you know, we are going to arbitration and we expect that
process to begin at the end of August and we expect to have a decision by the
end of October. I think you all know our underlying philosophy on compensation
and what we're trying to achieve culturally here. Our philosophy is to pay all
of our employees well, provide them with great benefits and stable growing
careers and an ability to earn meaningful incentive pay through our
performance-based plan when the company meets its goals. Brandon will share
more information with you in a moment on the company's proposal.

I think you all know from watching the industry that there
is a real shortage of pilots right now and very likely for the foreseeable
future, and pilot wages are rising significantly. The cost of the proposal is
substantial and I believe that many of you are expecting this.

With that, let me transition to the integration process more
broadly. It's been 15 months now since the merger announcement and 7 months
since the legal closing of the deal. There is an incredible amount of work that
has to be done to integrate 2 airlines, and our team is doing great with this
work. We realized a few months ago just how all-consuming the merger process
would be, and we started to look for ways to accelerate integration so that we
could give the airline back to the divisional leaders earlier and turn their
full attention from the merger to running the best airline that we can possibly
run.

As you know, what is probably the most significant gating
item is the migration to a single passenger service system or PSS. Without a
single PSS, we can't have a single airline code, a single set of flight numbers
or a single system for sales, distribution and check-in. Having a single PSS
system will effectively mean that we can operate our fleet as one fleet, so
we'll have much greater flexibility to assign the right airplane to the right
market. And finally, a single PSS kicks off a deliberate progression toward a
single customer experience, encompassing fees, service, common liveries --
common cabin layouts, et cetera.

We originally expected to transition to a single PSS in the
fourth quarter of 2018. But thanks to some fantastic work by our folks led by
Shane Tackett and Sandy Stelling, we now expect to move up PSS integration to
early in the second quarter. This effectively allows us to run Virgin America
and Alaska as one airline and that will provide a whole host of operational,
customer and financial benefits. Andrew will talk more about some of these in a
moment.

In addition to PSS, we're making great headway with other
systems. We expect to have a single loyalty program, a single payroll and HR
system and a single financial system by January 1, 2018, and we expect to be
operating a single operating certificate with the FAA sometime in the first
quarter of 2018.

There is much to do, and I know that calling out only a few
milestones oversimplifies the thousands of hours our team is spending in
getting all of the necessary work done. I want to say now how much we all
appreciate the talent and dedication of everyone working on the integration,
and I want to note that it's really nice to see cutovers for a lot of these
systems now happening in the next 2 to 3 quarters.

In summary, we are feeling great momentum with our merger
and with our business. Our operation is improving after a tough first quarter,
and our underlying business is very strong. We're under -- unlocking the value
from the Virgin integration already, and our teams are working hard to help
bring these 2 airlines together.

I want to close by thanking our fantastic people and our
fantastic leadership team for everything they are doing to make this a
successful merger and to create an airline that people love.

And with that I'll turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning,
everyone. I wanted to start off by taking a step back and talking about the
importance of our growth. We've launched 120 new markets since 2010, and in
aggregate, these markets represent about 1/4 of our revenues and profits today.
This includes the 20 markets that we launched in the last 12 months, and 1/4 of
our earnings per share would not exist today had it not been for these markets.
And the reason I'm taking the time to reiterate this is because the acquisition
of Virgin America provides the necessary platform upon which to continue this
profitable growth.

We will be launching another 30 new markets over the next 6
months, and we fully expect these to add significantly to our revenue base and
profits over time. In fact, of the 20 new markets launched in the last 9
months, 75% are already profitable with 60% of them earning well above our cost
of capital.

Growth markets will help us activate the full potential of
the Virgin America acquisition. This growth is foundational to utility, which
in turn drives loyalty and sustainable returns to our shareholders.

To highlight our progress on utility. San Francisco has gone
from 9% utility preacquisition to about 55% today and will reach just under 70%
by the end of this year. By utility, we mean that we will fly nonstop to where
70% of the people out of San Francisco want to go in North America. This in
turn builds our brand and guest loyalty. In our most recent brand health
tracker for California, unaided awareness of Alaska Airlines in the past 6
months has increased 12 points and consideration increased 6 points. These are
very significant increases for any brand and we expect to continue to build on
this.

Further, 23% of Virgin America bookings in the second
quarter came through alaskaair.com and there were days where this penetration
reached nearly 30%. Membership in our frequent flyer program continues to grow
at a healthy clip across the system.

Credit card growth program generated $460 million in cash
for the first half of '17. Growth in both Mileage Plan and our card portfolio
continues to outpace our capacity growth, and this underpins our confidence in
meeting our loyalty revenue synergies. All of this to say is that our strategy
is delivering results and that the Alaska brand is being embraced in California
post acquisition of Virgin America.

The second quarter revenue results are a testament to what
I've been talking about. Revenue increased $183 million or nearly 10%. Not only
did our load factor outgrow the 5.8% capacity increase to a second quarter
record of 86.8%, yields also grew a healthy 1.7%. This resulted in RASM growth
of 3.5%, notwithstanding our increase in stage length resulting in downward
unit revenue pressure of about 1 point. We outperformed industry RASM by 20
basis points and outgrew industry capacity by a ratio of 2:1.

Earlier this month, we began operating from one revenue
management system. It is an unbelievable achievement within 6 months. This
gives the RM team a solid platform from which to manage total network revenues
going forward. I'm very proud of Kevin and the entire RM team in partnership
with Troy and the e-commerce team.

Brad talked about PSS moving to early Q2. For the network
and alliances teams, this means we can accelerate some of our revenue synergy
initiatives like fleet optimization and driving greater international traffic
from our partners, given our presence in 3 largest international gateways of
the West Coast. We estimate that an early PSS launch will unlock $20 million of
incremental profits in 2018.

Shifting to our capacity outlook. We expect competitive
capacity in our markets to be up 2% in the third quarter and about 6% in the
fourth quarter, that's significantly lower than for the same periods last year.
We are lowering our full year capacity guidance from 8.5% to just under 8%
given we finalized our schedules for 2017. We expect capacity to be up
approximately 8% and 12% in Q3 and Q4, respectively.

In summary, the fundamentals, as Brad has shared, of our
business is strong and we are continuing to grow revenue, our brand and loyalty
in the midst of an integration, which will be substantially complete within the
next 9 months. Commercially speaking, we will then be in a position to open up
the throttle to full speed and bring to life all the synergies to our guests
and shareholders.

And with that, I'll turn it over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO, EVP - FINANCE, CFO - ALASKA
AIRLINES INC AND EVP - FINANCE - ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Thanks, Andrew, and hey, everyone. After a profit decline in Q1, we were very
pleased that we can once again report a year-over-year increase in profit even
on a combined basis with Virgin America's results included last year.

Air Group's $505 million second quarter adjusted pretax
profit represents a $12 million increase over the combined pretax of Q2 last
year. We had really solid revenue performance, as Andrew said, with operating
revenues up by more than $180 million, outpacing the increase in total
operating costs despite the fact that economic fuel cost per gallon was up 13%
from last year. Nonfuel unit cost increased by 3.3%, in line with our most
recent investor guidance.

Generally speaking, I would characterize our cost
performance as needs improvement. It's clear that the operational challenges
and integration complexities have been driving some cost creep, but we're also
not at peak performance applying the tight cost management practices that we've
relied on for many years now. There are some bright spots, however, that are
helping mitigate cost pressures.

For example, Virgin America's flight ops team increased
productivity by 3.5% and the Alaska in-flight team raised productivity by more
than 1 point. As Andrew noted, we've taken our full year capacity growth down a
bit to just under 8%. The lower ASMs will pressure unit costs a bit. For Q3,
we're currently forecasting CASMex fuel to increase by 1.5% and we expect fourth
quarter unit costs to be down a little more than 1%, which would result in full
year unit costs being up about 0.5 point.

As is our normal practice, our cost guidance does not
include the impact of the arbitration decision with our pilots because we aren't
certain of the amount or exact timing. One thing we can all agree on is that
the market for pilot wages has increased substantially since our last contract
was signed. Our arbitration proposal recognizes this reality, and we put total
compensation for our pilots in a very competitive position versus others in the
industry, especially when considering our much smaller size. As I believe most
of you have already modeled, this is a very substantial cost increase for us.

Fully priced, our arbitration proposal will increase pilot
costs by about $140 million annually. It represents a nearly 3% increase to
consolidated CASMex fuel. It will reduce pretax margin by more than 1.5 points.
And it will, by far, be the biggest increase ever for Air Group from a new labor
agreement.

Back to costs broadly. We're in a transitional year and
Alaska leaders are getting their arms around their new areas, that's to be
expected. But as we enter the 2018 planning season, we'll be emphasizing the
need to get back to much tighter costs and productivity management and ensuring
the additional costs that we've been incurring this year don't get embedded
into the long-term cost structure.

Cash flow for the first half of the year has been really
strong. We ended the quarter with $1.9 billion of cash on hand, and we
generated more than $1.1 billion of operating cash flow excluding
merger-related expenses.

CapEx for the first half of the year was $500 million,
leading to almost $600 million of free cash flow. We expect full year 2017 CapEx
to be $1.2 billion, unchanged from previous guidance. And as we look to 2018,
we now expect CapEx to be $1.3 billion, a bit lower than our last guidance.

We've made a number of very important decisions recently
that have helped us firm up our CapEx plan. We told you at Investor Day about
our plan to retrofit the Airbus aircraft to adopt the Alaska configuration.
Besides having a consistent fleet, it will unlock Premium Class revenue and
modestly increase the number of seats on the Airbus aircraft.

We've also finalized plans to install satellite across the
entire mainline fleet, a project that should start in the first quarter of
2018.

One decision that hasn't been made yet is whether we'll
operate an all-Boeing fleet in the future or stick with the mixed fleet as we
have today. While we recognize there's a great deal of interest in this
question, it's not urgent that we decide as the Airbus leases don't even start
to expire until 2019.

And speaking of Airbus, we've taken 2 Airbus 321neos so far
this year and we'll have 5 by the end of the year and we'll also take 5 more
next year. We're using them in transcon markets now while the ETOPS
certification gets finalized, and we hope to have them flying in Hawaii by the
end of the third quarter.

We again made progress redeleveraging our balance sheet. Our
debt-to-cap fell by another 1 point since the end of the first quarter to 55%
and we expect to end the year at about 51% or 52%. Our portfolio of
unencumbered aircraft is growing. We currently have 60 unencumbered planes
including 36 next-generation 737s and 7 brand-new E175s.

Finally, I wanted to quickly cover an accounting change that
will impact our debt-to-cap ratio. Effective January 1, 2018, Air Group will be
required to implement the new revenue recognition standard. We'll provide a lot
more disclosure in our SEC filings, but big picture, we'll no longer be able to
use the incremental cost method to account for frequent flyer miles earned for
travel. Very preliminarily, we estimate the transition will result in a
reduction in book equity by as much as $250 million and increase debt-to-cap by
about 2 points.

I'll stop there before we get too deep in the technical
accounting standards and instead move right to your questions, which will be
much more fun.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes
from Savi Syth from Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: On the moving up of the PSS system
transition, just kind of wondering how you're getting comfortable with doing
that ahead of the summer season? And maybe how you'll handle that to lower the
risks as we've seen maybe in some historical context?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Savi, we're going to get Shane Tackett
who basically runs that whole area to answer this question.

SHANE TACKETT, VP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, ALASKA AIRLINES,
INC.: Savi, thanks. I think a couple of things. One, we've tried to really
derisk the scope of the project. A lot of the prior cutovers have included the
data migration where you're actually taking ticket data out of one system,
trying to transform it to look like the system that it's going into and then
dump it in there and hope it all works the next morning. Our goal is to not do
any of that. So a lot of the prework over the next few months is to get us
really to avoid doing that. If we're successful, which we expect to be, it
really just becomes a training process to make sure that the agents at the
stations are ready with the sort of the new technology they have to use, then
our operation systems back of the house need to make sure that they're able to
talk to our Sabre partitions. So a lot of work, it's complicated, there's a lot
of effort going into it now, but our goal is to be ready, sort of been feeling
very confident well ahead of the actual cutover event and to really make this
as much of a nonevent as possible.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: And if I may also ask this. I think
Horizon's had quite a few issues this summer. And just wondering if you could
provide a little bit more color on what's happening there. And if with all the
E175s coming here in the fourth quarter, if we might see kind of capacity
getting adjusted lower again if some of those issues continue.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Savi, maybe we'll get Andrew to deal with
the capacity question first and then Dave Campbell, Horizon CEO, can talk about
the first half of the year.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. Savi, big picture just on overall
capacity, any reductions in Horizon's line has been basically completely
backfilled by either Alaska Mainline or SkyWest line. So from an overall
regional capacity perspective, there's no changes there other than the
operator. And Dave?

DAVID L. CAMPBELL, CEO OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC AND
PRESIDENT OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Yes. Thanks,
Andrew. Savi, let me see if I can just give you a pretty -- a quick snapshot
back. As you know, the industry's changed really fast in terms of pay. We got
behind there. It took us about 9 months in order to deal with the pilots. We're
able to get that done. We now have a competitive contract in place that will
allow us to actually hire pilots. So we've actually gone out since June when we
implemented the new LOI and we've been able to fill up all our requirements. A
lot of what's happening this fall is really the ability to kind of slow it
down, catch up where we actually haven't grown the airline dramatically and try
to implement a new contract. So this is actually a reset for us. It's going to
be painful for us to get through it in terms of the entire [fleet], but I feel
really confident that we have a great competitive agreement. We have a good
contract in place that allows us to be super productive, but it's just trying
to really get back and focus on the operation.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: So is that -- then does that get
resolved by the end of the year? Or is it already -- has kind of the backlog
been addressed?

DAVID L. CAMPBELL: I think so. I think by the time we get to
the end of December, we should be caught back up on pilot hiring. We should be
caught back up on the backlog in training. So I have a lot of confidence that
we will -- this is a good reset for us, and we'll be back up operating here
early January.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes. Savi, the current plan is that some
Horizon flying is being covered by Alaska and SkyWest for the next 6 months and
the hope is that we're done with that by January of next year.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of the
Joseph DeNardi from Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Maybe a question for Chris Berry if he's there
since he's on the rev recognition task force. Just wondering if you could talk
about -- Brandon, you mentioned the change to accounting for miles that are
earned. Will the accounting change for the way that you handle miles that are
sold? Will the deferral rate be impacted by the rev rec changes?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY, VP - FINANCE, CONTROLLER, VP -
FINANCE FOR ALASKA AIRLINES INC & CONTROLLER OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: That's pretty easy. This is Chris, Joe. That's a pretty easy
answer. The revenue for the sold miles, which is the bulk of the miles that
come into our program, does not really change much at all. So there won't be
any significant change. It really is in just the flown miles where we're going
to have to defer actual revenues as those miles are earned, but that revenue
will get recorded later when those miles are used. So it's a timing on the
revenue, no change on the sold miles.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay, great. And then, Andrew, if I
just look at kind of bag and change fee revenues per passenger between you and
Virgin, as they reported to the DOT, there's a pretty big discrepancy in
Virgin's, quite a bit higher than you. Over the next couple of years, should I
expect you to come up or Virgin to come down?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, I think what you should expect is,
just from a baseline perspective, more of a normalization to Alaska. But that
said, Shane and the team are actively working in as we're getting all our
Premium seats and also putting more First Class seats in the Airbus cabins and
Premium Class, to be frank, that overall revenue will go up. It may be in a
different category, but it's going to go up.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Joe, it's Brad. I might just jump. We
believe in our setup here in Alaska. We do try hard to build trust with our
customers, we try to be generous with these policies and fees, give people
generous upgrades into the Premium Class and into the First Class cabin. And in
return, you get loyalty. And so I -- we're pretty optimistic that as we apply
Alaska's policies and revenue management practices to more of the Virgin
network, that RASM is going to go up, not down.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Yes. Just interesting, I guess, that
Virgin was able to get the loyalty that they were able to with those -- with
that of a fee structure, but thanks for the time.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Baker
from JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Question on San
Francisco. The pro forma Alaska growth in the second half is pretty
significant, you opined on that. It's even more significant when you layer on
the competitive response that you're seeing in overlapped markets. So I know
you're not going to share your San Fran-specific RASM expectations with us, but
I presume whatever those expectations are, they're a bit worse now, now that we
know what the competition is doing than they were earlier this year. My
question is how much deterioration has there been in your San Francisco RASM
plan? And what revisions to that plan can you point to that you've made as a
result?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Jamie, I'll take that. Obviously, I
can't answer that specific question, but what I will share with you is that
really as it relates to San Francisco, it's part of the whole ecosystem. It's
basically what Alaska already had been and Virgin bringing those together,
selling each other, the loyalty growth filling in some of these other markets.
And at a big picture, when you combine Alaska and Virgin and you look at
overall impact of competitive capacity on us as a bigger entity, it's significantly
down. So while we always have pockets here or there, we still feel very
confident in our plan, and I could argue that the environment is actually
better than it was 12 months ago for us.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay, that's helpful. If we turn to
margins for a minute, your competitors have described this year as a
"transition year". Basically asking for a pass from the market for
the fact that margins are down year-on-year and kind of assuring or at least
implying that margins are going to be expanding next year. I've not heard
Alaska Group describe 2018 yet as a transition year. My question is, is whether
you're confident that post pilots, and I know there are some assumptions around
what that looks like, but post pilots, do you believe you can expand margins
next year? Or should we assume that you inevitably come back to us asking for a
pass sometime later this year, the way that other airlines have already done?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Jamie, it's Brandon, and maybe I'll
start. I think 2018 is definitely a transition year. In all seriousness, I
mean, we are focused on execution right now. We have a lot going on to put the
2 airlines together. You've heard about all the things that we're going to be
accomplishing in 2018. I think, generally speaking, we feel really good about
the business and where it's headed and the operating environment and the
competitive advantages that we have. As you know, we don't do much in terms of
margin expansion. And if you ask me and say, "Would you trade 1 point of
margin decline for higher-margin dollars?" I, of course, would take the
higher-margin dollar, so I'm not going to opine on what margins look like next
year and I probably won't even do that in January of next year.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Brandon, I agree with you. I think we
think the underlying operating conditions in the industry are good now and
think they're going to be good next year.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Totally.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Rajeev
Lalwani from Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Brandon, a question for you. As far as the arbitration process, can
you just walk me through how that's going to work from here? And then as it
relates to that $140 million or so, should we think of that as sort of a lower
bound as to what the increase could be when this is all said and done?

BENITO MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC AND COO
OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Rajeev, it's Ben Minicucci
here. So the process, maybe just to go back a little bit, we were negotiating
directly with ALPA. We went into mediation, then arbitration, so that process
in front of 3 arbitrators begins in August and they'll probably take several
weeks, and hopefully by sometime in September, early October, we'll have the
decision. So that's basically the process. So the good thing is that this was a
tight process that we negotiated in 2009, and I think it's good. In terms of
lower bounds, upper bounds, I think what we'll say about that is the proposal
we put in place really we've looked at it from a total compensation and total
cost perspective. So when you take the pay rate and you add it to benefits with
vacation, retirement and sick leave, that total compensation package puts our
pilots at the upper end of the industry. So we feel really good about our
proposal. It's pretty -- it's really solid and we'll leave it to the
arbitrators to decide where the final decision lands.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. Andrew, a question for you, if I may.
On your competitive capacity comments, I believe you said going up to 6% in 4Q.
Can you just talk about where that capacity is showing up, if it's been in
response to some of what you're doing? And then whether or not there's a
potential for that to, I guess, maybe go down given that seems like schedules
may be overloaded for someone like a Delta, for example.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes. I debated internally with my team
on the fourth quarter. I think, honestly, schedules are still in flux. We see
what we call big netting still going on out there. So at the end of the day,
airlines are doing what airlines are doing with their core networks. But I
think at the end of the day, that actually may come down a tad, to be frank. So
that's what I meant on that.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. I'm sorry, and the other part of the
question was just where is it showing up assuming that 6% stays, I guess, more
in the Bay Area, et cetera?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: As we see, the big carriers continue to
strengthen their hubs to their spokes, which obviously affects us. And then of
course, there's been some Hawaii growth in California from one carrier, so all
of these things impact our comps.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay from Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE & DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: I want to make sure I understand
this because the market, I think, seems to like the commentary around the
acceleration of the PSS cutover. Shane, what is this data migration? Is that the
same thing as these airlines talking about like a drain down with regard to how
the PSS handles the actual reservations? Are you talking about different data?
And if it's different, are you taking a drain-down approach? Or sort of a nice
edge cutover approach to mitigate risks. I don't know if those are the same
things? Are they different? Can help us understand that?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes. Hunter, you've got the basics right, so
all of our tickets are sitting in our Sabre partition. All of Virgin's tickets
are sitting in theirs on different ticket stock. Our goal is to not to transfer
any of their ticket stock partition. We want to show up on the cutover date
with only Alaska tickets in circulation and we're going to basically do a drain
down to get there. It's a little different than others have done, but it
significantly reduces the risk of the transition itself and it cuts out a lot
of the testing works that you have to do to get ready for that and lets us sort
of focus on other readiness activities. So that's essentially what's going to
happen.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: So Shane, you stopped selling tickets
beyond that certain date in the -- we're not saying we know exactly what the
date is in the first quarter. You stopped selling today?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes. So we typically sell 330-day window,
Virgin did as well. We're not selling 330 days on Virgin right now. I wouldn't
necessarily construe that, that's the date. It's just a convenient end of a
schedule and so we start to decide exactly when we're going to stop selling the
984-ticket stock, Virgin ticket stock on the future. But right now, we're not
selling it beyond April of next year.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: So okay, so that's what changed. I just
think we needed to make sure on this here because basically what Savi said was
I totally agree with Savi. I mean, I think United rushed their cutover and it
set them back by years. So while it's very enticing to talk about an
incremental $20 million of profit from the cutover, you're introducing, I
think, more risks here. So I guess, what you're saying today was that maybe if
the drain down...

SHANE TACKETT: I'd actually say less risky because we're not
doing the data migration. If you get the data migration wrong, it'd take a long
time to unwind all of that. We do this right, we'll show up with no real sort
of technology problem at the airport in terms of we don't know how to operate a
Virgin-sold ticket on an Alaska-only network. We'll only have Alaska tickets to
deal with. We deal with those every day obviously on the Alaska network.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: And in the event that things are not
progressing as planned, this is my last question, if they're not progressing as
planned, does that mean that this thing gets pushed out like 6 months and not 2
because you're probably not going to want to do this during peak summer travel?
And like -- just to be clear like I think, all else equal, you'd be inclined
here to get this right for the long term and not necessarily rush it. And if it
doesn't happen in, say, in April, it's probably more like October. Is that
fair?

SHANE TACKETT: I think it's like really premature to make
that sort of prediction. It would really depend on like what factor that was
driving us off sort of course is. I'm really, really confident in the ability
of the airports to handle this transition the way we're doing it. But the big
piece that we have to get right is at the back of the house, communications
between our Sabre partition and the movement control system that handles the
Virgin operation, which is where our IT group comes in and they're super good
at this. We actually have a lot of folks who've been through this before that
-- at our company within IT now. Just as a note, Hunter. We were planning on
sort of reracking the communication protocol between Sabre partitions and the
movement control on Virgin before the original PSS date anyway. So nothing's
really changed timing-wise on that. I think we're in good shape here.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Michael
Linenberg from Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG, MD AND SENIOR COMPANY RESEARCH
ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a couple of questions here.
Just the Virgin royalty payments, are you still accruing for that? And if you
are, is that -- where does that show up in the P&L? What's that amount?

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: So the answer -- Mike, this is
Chris, so the answer is, yes, it does. And I -- it's in other operating
expenses on the P&L.

BENITO MINICUCCI: And we're paying -- accruing them and
paying them.

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Yes.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: What's the magnitude of that? What
is it -- I don't think it's a big number but...

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: It's not a big number and I --
sorry, I don't know. We can get back to you on that.

BENITO MINICUCCI: (inaudible)

CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL BERRY: Yes.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Not a problem. And then just it
looks like there are 5 more E175s coming from SkyWest in '18 and '19. Is that a
new development? I wasn't aware of that.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I don't know of a new development or not
from what we've shared previously, but we think it's going to be at 25.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: They are going from 20 to 25, Mike.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Okay, okay. And then just, lastly,
maybe this is for Andrew and Ben. Obviously, LAX and SFO feature prominently in
kind of the new Alaska and there's been a lot going on at these airports. I
mean, LA just had that big migration. I think you, for the most part, were able
to sit still. You didn't have to move. How are the facilities now with respect
to colocation? And I know there's been some complaints and gripes at LA in
getting like INS facility or access. I mean, do you feel like you're 90% of the
way there with your facilities -- with both those facilities, LAX and SFO? Or
do we have a bit more work to do to get the operation where it needs to be?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Mike, it's Ben. No, just so what happened
in LAX, Virgin America moved from Terminal 3 to Terminal 6 where Alaska is and
I'd say, overall, the move went well. We did have some growing pains the first
few months. We are tied on gates at LAX. When things get on schedule, we've got
airplanes waiting for gates. We have some problematic gates, we've had to push
airplanes out, so it's not -- we've got work to do with LAWA and we're working
with them hopefully to smooth things out and make things better in LAX. But
things are stabilizing what I'll say there. San Francisco is still a lot of
work. As you know, we were on the international side. Virgin has just a
gorgeous terminal in Terminal 2. We've moved a lot more of our flights to 2 and
we're still operating in international. They are in -- like a lot of airports,
they're in big construction in San Francisco. So before we get all in one
terminal, Terminal 2, it's going to be a couple of years before that happens.
So it's still going to be some hardstand operations, operating on international
and T2. So it won't be smooth out in San Francisco for another couple of years.

MICHAEL JOHN LINENBERG: Ben, just based on your growth plans
and what you've announced, do you -- when do think you hit a cap at LAX or SFO?
I mean, do we run into like within the next 6 to 12 months you have to moderate
your growth at those airports? Or do you have more runway than that?

BENITO MINICUCCI: What I tell Andrew is we work hand-in-hand
with network. It's just a great relationship because what we do is we get
really granular. We look at the time of day and if Andrew wants to put 10
pounds of stuff in a 5-pound bag, you go back and work with his team and say,
"Look, you've got to slide this half an hour earlier, half an hour
later." And what's happening now is we're filling up more of the entire
day than we did in the past where we would operate out of the peak. So that
what you're seeing us is filling out the entire day, which is happening in SFO,
in LAX, in Seattle.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Helane
Becker from Cowen Securities.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: I just have 2, I think, 1 or 2 easy
questions. The first question is as you think about your -- as we think about
the growth that you're looking out over the next maybe 2 or 3 years, should we
be thinking about more international growth into more Central America kind of
locations? Or are you thinking more domestic U.S., more Midwest, East Coast
cities?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, it's Andrew. I think really the
only comment I would make on that, which we've been very public on from day 1
is we are focused on the West Coast of the United States where we've invested
significantly with the purchase of Virgin America and our own traditional
Alaskan networks. So that's where we're going to be focusing.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: No, I understand. The route -- the
flights are coming from there, but where are you thinking of these flights
going to? That's what I'm trying to get at.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Helane, we -- obviously, you could
appreciate it is not in our best interest to share any of that information, but
we have a 5-year plan that we're working towards.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Helane, I think what we can say is we're
focused on providing utility for our customer base who lives in this important
marketplace. That's what we're going to be looking at.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then, I guess, the other
thing to just follow up on one of Savi's questions about the Horizon pilot, I
understand you're backfilling and you've adjusted the schedules. But is -- can
you maybe quantify the cost impact or the cost impact in the second quarter of
not operating some of those flight cancellations? I know you've tried to get
ahead of the issues by adjusting the schedule, but I'm just trying to figure
out the cost of that.

LAVANYA SAREEN: Helane, this is Lavanya. When we talk about
costs, we look at sort of overall. So for overall system, the cost of our
operations and using 2016 as a baseline is about $5 million in the second
quarter.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then given the changes you've
made, we shouldn't extrapolate that out for the rest of the year, right?

LAVANYA SAREEN: That's fair.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Darryl
Genovesi from UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, DIRECTOR AND EQUITY RESEARCH ANALYST, UBS
INVESTMENT BANK, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brandon, I wanted to start off with perhaps
a follow-up to Rajeev's question. I will avoid the words upper bound and lower
bound. But you going to arbitration with a plan that would add $140 million to
your cost base, presumably the pilots have their own plan. Have you seen it? And
have you evaluated what that plan would add to your cost base?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Darryl, it's Ben. Yes, both proposals from
have been sent to both parties, so we know what the ALPA proposal is. And so I
think, Darryl, instead of talking about upper bound and lower bound, I think I
just want to center us back to the proposal we put on the table. When you look
at it from, again, a total cost, total comp puts our pilots on the upper end in
the industry. So these proposals are going to go in front of 3 arbitrators.
They're going to look at all the facts, us being the fifth largest airline
compared to being 4 to 6x smaller than the other ones. They have to take all
these facts together and decide what market is for Alaska and we'll let that
decision -- we'll leave that decision to the arbitrators.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. Andrew, thanks for the color on the
competitive capacity. Couple of questions on that, the first is just a quick
one. Would you just confirm what the competitive capacity number was by your
measure for the second quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: For -- as in this year?

DARRYL GENOVESI: That's right, the quarter just passed.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: We had -- it was only about 1 point.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. So you go from 1 -- kind of 1 to 2 to
6. And then the 400-basis point step-up in the fourth quarter is kind of
consistent with the numbers that we're looking at and it looks like at least
half of that step up is related to accelerating growth out of Delta in Seattle.
I guess, I was under the assumption that Delta had mostly maxed out its -- the
Seattle airport capacity that was available to it, and I guess, Brad's prepared
remarks would have also suggested that there's some congestion on the runway
and in the pattern. So just wondering how much more of a runway do you think
Delta has to continue growing in Seattle into 2018?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: You'd have to ask Delta about that. I
have no idea about their plans or whatever they're doing.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew
Didora from Bank of America.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I guess, maybe, Andrew, can you just talk about what you are seeing
from a broader pricing perspective early on here in 3Q? I know there are some
fears out there domestic pricing has been weak, though we're seeing volumes
continue to be holding up. Is it just too much capacity here in the summer
months? Or are you seeing some more aggressive pricing actions from others in
the market?

SHANE TACKETT: Andrew, this is Shane. I'd say it's actually
very stable for us right now. We had a lot of activity this time last year,
probably more so than the rest of the country is. We had sort of some of the
low fares come into the West Coast that hadn't been here before. So we've lapped
most out this summer. It's actually the pricing environment in terms of what's
being filed is as stable as I've seen it since I've been in RM over the last
2.5 years. There's obviously some pockets of selling for activity that's pretty
competitive, but that's normal and sort of healthy and not of any real concern.
So right now it's a pretty stable environment for us. And the planes are full,
so it's been pretty good.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: Great. And then just, lastly, for
Brad, I know 1Q you obviously weren't pleased with the operation and completion
factor, on-time arrivals obviously below where they have been in 2Q. Did any of
this come about due to some integration teams? And did you take into any of
these operational challenges -- did you take these operational challenges into
account when you thought about lowering your capacity in the back half of the
year?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Yes, I think it's a fair question. We have
been -- as I said, we've been working hard on the integration and that probably
does take your focus away from some other things. But no, I don't think the
back half of the year changes everything that needs to do with some of the
issues we've had operationally. I think our biggest thing operationally, we'll
go back to it, but one, it does feel like over time, we've operate -- we
changed from operating in airports that don't have a lot of congestions, don't
have a lot of constraints to operating in airports that have a lot of ATC
congestion and a lot of constraint. It's not only air space and long taxi
times, but the airplane comes in and there's not a gate available. So this is
just in -- and then we've got a lot more exposure to San Francisco and LA so --
and I said in my remarks that there's -- and we're going to get it, but we --
there's a new capability that we have to have as a company of how to operate in
these constrained airports. So that's the biggest thing. On the Horizon side,
I'll just say that there's a couple of things. One, we've got to be fantastic
recruiters. We've got -- this is an incredible company. We've got to be great
in going out and recruiting and bringing pilots in. But we also have to be
great at knowing what the pilot capacity is going to be and I think we fell
short there candidly. And that's something -- that's not a tough problem, but
it's something that we have to get better at and I think we will get better at
in short order. So that's my thoughts on the operation -- those are my thoughts
on the operation.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Brandon
Oglenski from Barclays.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI, VP AND SENIOR EQUITY ANALYST,
BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Andrew, I wonder if you could go back to your
prepared remarks. You talked about the amount of new markets in your capacity
right now. In effect, I think you said 75% were profitable and 60% are earning
above cost of capital. Given where you are on those routes, I mean, how is that
progressing versus history? Is that above where you would expect them to be at
this point?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, we've -- we used to talk about 2 to
3 years for maturity and that's not the reality anymore. The markets that we've
been starting as we build the business reached maturity significantly faster.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: And do you think that's just a
function of where we are right now in the economy? Or is it something specific
to what the team has learned over the years?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think I can only answer it from my
vantage point, but I think that when you look at the depth and the breadth of
our network today versus 5, 6, 7 years ago, when you look at a sustained GDP
growth of 2% every year for the last 5 years and just the growth in demand, I
just think that the environment is different than it has been historically. And
we've got -- to be able to continue to keep our costs down with low fares, and
that's created demand for our product.

BRANDON ROBERT OGLENSKI: Okay, appreciate the response. And
Brandon, if I can ask one of you, appreciate the color on the pilot contractor
potential impact from it. But how does that factor into your longer-term cost
outlook? And I apologize if you highlighted that at the Investor Day, but I
think you were calling for a flat or slightly up unit costs in the future. Does
that change anything from here?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: No, I don't -- hi, Brandon, it's
Brandon. No, I don't think it changes our [pilot] unit costs. We did talk about
the fact that new pilot contract would drive up our costs. And I, in my
prepared remarks, said that it was going to drive up unit costs by 3%. But I
don't think that changes our longer-term philosophy about what happens with
unit costs, particularly when we're growing in the 6% to 8% range. I think that
the mindset continues to be as we grow at that rate, we should be able to reduce
costs modestly, maybe flat to down slightly. And over time, what that does is
it creates a larger cost advantage versus airlines that are much larger than us
that have costs going up.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Dan
McKenzie from Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: I actually had a similar question. If I could just
follow up on that last question. I think, Brandon, you mentioned the cost
structure needs an improvement. I'm just wondering if you could just clarify or
tie that back to the Investor Day commentary around merger synergies. So first,
obviously you've got labor cost pressures, I think you've got airport
congestion. But are these cost pressures that are impacting the value of the
merger synergies that you quantified for us? Or -- and I believe you've got
some initiatives underway to address it. but I'm just wondering if you could
just clarify that just a little bit further.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Sure. Dan, I don't think it's at all
related to the cost synergy projections that we had given. I think we feel very
good about those, and of course, we would hope to achieve those at the time --
in the time that we said and perhaps even exceed them. I think what you're just
seeing is what I would call friction, a little bit of friction related to the
operation, a little bit of friction to getting to know the Virgin business, a
little bit of friction putting it all together, a little bit of friction with
that because we don't understand our history, our budget reports. And all that
does is just learning, it's part of transition and so my comments were really
around just the dissatisfaction with how fast that process of learning is
going. And we'll get better. It's a big part of the 2018 planning, but I don't
think it's connected at all to lack of our ability to deliver on merger
synergies.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Okay. And then, I guess, my second
question is for Andrew or Shane. And I'm just wondering how did Alaska respond to
the basic economy rolled out in the second quarter? So I guess, where overlap
existed, broad brush, what percent of the flying was Alaska able to capture
some incremental revenue? Or I guess, maybe to ask that differently, what
percent of the route are you matching the basic economy fare?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, I'll take that. I think the question on
the percent, I don't have it at my fingertips. It's been broadly rolled out by
Delta, had been in many of our markets well before the United and American
bringing it to market. United's pretty much system-wide as we see it.
American's still sort of constrained to fewer markets. For the most part, the
levels that were brought in were no different than had already existed. They
just attached the more restrictive set of policies to the fares that already
existed. So we really haven't seen again a lot of movement on the prices that
have been filed in general in the markets. We saw it in the interesting sort of
modest surge in demand in April, May, June, but I wouldn't necessarily
correlate it to that. It was just coincidental with the timing. Obviously, we
have, for the same price, a better product than the basic economy offering. So
we're feeling really good about this. We don't see flights away from our -- our
flights at all, in fact, we see a lot of demand. And as we said at Investor
Day, our goal is to sort of keep it simple and easy for customers to understand
low fares and sort of avoid the extreme ends. They have also segmentation or
ultra-premium until they hit the sweet spot in the middle, which is a much
bigger market.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Okay. I guess if I could just -- I just
wonder if I could clarify, but it seems to me because you're offering more than
the basic economy, it seems like there should be, in effect, some de facto
incremental revenue that you're be able to recognize. And is that a fair
characterization that you're recognizing some incremental revenue where you
weren't recognizing it previously?

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, we just haven't had a chance. It's so
new to really put our finger on the number. We think that, that is happening,
but we don't have it modeled or valued. And the one thing I'd also say,
especially in a peak season, you can -- there's a risk of over indexing on the
discount sort of end of the market. And we do want to be careful to make sure
we've got room for middle-structured fares and high-yield fares as well. So I
think until we get into more shoulder part of the year we won't really know if
there's a lot of incrementality for us or not.

OPERATOR: Your last question comes from Kevin Crissey from
Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Brandon, quick one. Pilot pay increases,
that's not merger-related special item, am I correct on that?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: That is correct. To the extent that the
pilot pay -- almost correct. To the extent that the pilot pay increase would
have come earlier than the normal amendable day in May of 2018, we did include
something for that. But generally speaking, no.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Okay. And then maybe for Shane or
Andrew on maybe a little bit more on the revenue trends. If you could talk
about maybe corporate versus leisure trends. And maybe the puts and takes on
RASM growth in Q3 versus Q2, whether there's holiday impact, that kind of
thing?

JOSEPH A. SPRAGUE, SVP OF COMMUNICATIONS & EXTERNAL
RELATIONS - ALASKA AIRLINES, INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Kevin, this is Joe
Sprague. I'll just touch briefly on the corporate sales piece and simply to say
that it's doing quite strong. Revenue in that area for the quarter was up about
12%. I would say in Seattle, in the Bay Area, we're especially strong. Probably
no spreads there given the strength of the economy in those areas and we think
this is outpacing the overall industry. And I would just say the one other
thing that, I think, helps to set us apart in that area a little bit.
Obviously, we don't have quite the same corporate sales reach some of our
bigger competitors have, but we do have the hardest working sales team in the
business and they really do have deep, strong relationships with these large
corporate accounts.

SHANE TACKETT: You want me to answer that? On the RASM, yes,
just in terms of the calendar, just recall that there was 1 point of impact to
Q2 due to the Easter shift, mostly it was all in April, which we had mentioned
I think on the Q1 call. Q3 is clean. We don't really have a calendar issue or a
movement of holidays that's going to impact it much.

OPERATOR: Your next question comes from the line of Hunter
Keay from Wolfe Research.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Maybe we lost Hunter. We'd try to get one
more question in, but it sounds like Hunter's not there. Okay, in that case,
thank you, everybody, for joining in. We've enjoyed chatting with you --
Hunter's there?

HUNTER KENT KEAY: I'm sorry, I got a new headset. I don't
know what's going on here. Can you hear me now?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Yes, we can hear you now.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: All right. Sorry about that. In terms of
the arbitration, just real quick, can you just help us understand these
detachable steps here. And you said it's going to be done by October, but just
given you had a little bit of a unique transition agreement signed, pilots,
just to be clear, this is binding arbitration. There's no appeal. Is there a
vote? I don't think so, right? And then when will it be effective? Like Jan 1,
2018? Just help us understand sort of mechanical like sort of steps, that's
all.

BENITO MINICUCCI: So this is will go out for both, Hunter.
It's the arbitrator decision stands and it -- exact effective date, I'm going
to say, is...

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: The arbitrator decides.

BENITO MINICUCCI: The arbitrator decides, yes. So hard to
say right now when the exact date is.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: All right. So in that case, thanks,
Hunter, and thank you all for tuning in. We look forward to chatting with you
next quarter.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ
materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a number
of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified in the
companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate and
believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY EVENT
TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE
CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY
INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072617a10715638.738










 EXECUTIVES (92%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); INTERIM
FINANCIAL RESULTS (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (72%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC (91%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (82%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (81%);

UBS INVESTMENT BANK (68%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(68%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(66%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (65%);

MORGAN
STANLEY (57%);

VIRGIN AMERICA INC
(50%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(82%); C (NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%); 8710 (TSE) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (81%); DBK
(FRA) (81%); DBK (BIT) (81%); DBETN (JSE) (81%); DB (NYSE) (81%); MS (NYSE)
(57%); VA (NASDAQ) (50%)










 EQUITY RESEARCH (90%); AIRLINES (90%); CONFERENCE
CALLS (89%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (87%); BANKING & FINANCE (76%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (74%); INVESTMENT BANKING (72%)










 ALASKA, USA (96%); UNITED STATES (79%)










 August 15, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
26, 2017 Wednesday




Copyright
2017 ASC Services II Media, LLC

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 9878 words

Corporate Participants

* Andrew R. Harrison

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - Chief Revenue Officer, Chief
Commercial Officer and EVP

* Benito Minicucci

. - COO of Alaska Airlines Inc and
EVP of Operations - Alaska Airlines Inc

* Bradley D. Tilden

. - Chairman, CEO, President,
Chairman of Alaska Airlines Inc, Chairman of Horizon Air Industries Inc, CEO of
Horizon Air Industries Inc, CEO of Alaska Airlines Inc and President of Alaska
Airlines Inc

* Brandon S. Pedersen

. - CFO, EVP of Finance, CFO of
Alaska Airlines Inc and EVP of Finance - Alaska Airlines Inc

* David L. Campbell

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - CEO of Horizon Air Industries Inc
and President of Horizon Air Industries Inc

* Joseph A. Sprague

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - SVP of Communications & External
Relations - Alaska Airlines, Inc.

* Lavanya Sareen

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - MD of IR

* Mark G. Eliasen

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP of Finance and Treasurer

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Airlines, Inc. - VP of Revenue Management

Conference Call Participants

* Andrew George Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division - Director

* Catherine M. O'Brien

Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division - Research Analyst

* Daniel J. McKenzie

The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated - Research
Analyst

* Helane Renee Becker

Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division - MD and Senior
Research Analyst

* Hunter Kent Keay

Wolfe Research, LLC - MD and Senior Analyst of Airlines,
Aerospace and Defense

* Jamie Nathaniel Baker

JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division - U.S. Airline
and Aircraft Leasing Equity Analyst

* Joseph William DeNardi

Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research
Division - VP

* Kevin William Crissey

Citigroup Inc, Research Division - Director and Senior
Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley, Research Division - Executive Director

* Savanthi Nipunika Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division -
Airlines Analyst

* Van Patrick Kegel

Barclays PLC, Research Division - Research Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Krista, and I will be
your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call.
Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions)

I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Managing Director of Investor Relations, Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MD OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks,
Krista, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Alaska Air
Group's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call.

On the call today are CEO Brad Tilden, who will provide an
overview of the business; our Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Harrison, who
will provide color on the revenue environment; followed by Brandon Pedersen,
our CFO, who will discuss our financial results and outlook for the rest of
2017. Several members of our senior management team are also on hand to help
answer your questions.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings. We will refer to certain
non-GAAP financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding
fuel. We have provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable
GAAP and non-GAAP measures in our earnings release.

Moving to results. This morning, Alaska Air Group reported a
first quarter GAAP net profit of $99 million. Excluding merger-related costs
and impact of mark-to-market adjustments related to our fuel hedge portfolio,
Air Group reported an adjusted net income of $130 million and earnings per
share of $1.05, $0.04 better than the First Call consensus of $1.01 per diluted
share.

As a result of the merger, our business this year is nearly
1/3 bigger than last year. Passengers are up 28%, revenues are keeping pace and
up 30%. And we've announced 37 new markets since the deal closed, with a lot of
this growth coming in the State of California. While we're excited about this
growth, to help investors make meaningful comparisons about the changes in our
business, we have included certain unaudited supplementary data labeled
Combined Comparative Statistics on Page 7 of our investor update.

Unless otherwise noted, the numbers discussed today will be
on a combined comparative basis. In other words, comparing our Q1 results this
year to the combined results of Alaska and Virgin America last year. We think
this provides investors better insights into how the overall business is
performing.

Additional information about cost expectations, capacity
plans, fuel hedging, capital expenditures and other items can be found in our
investor update included in our Form 8-K issued this morning and available on
our website at alaskaair.com.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brad.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN, CHAIRMAN, CEO, PRESIDENT, CHAIRMAN OF
ALASKA AIRLINES INC, CHAIRMAN OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC, CEO OF HORIZON AIR
INDUSTRIES INC, CEO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC AND PRESIDENT OF ALASKA AIRLINES
INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks very much, Lavanya, and good morning,
everybody. A few weeks ago, we had the chance to speak with you at our Investor
Day about our strategy for the combined company, including our integration
plans, the brand decision, our updated synergy commitments and our approach to
capital allocation. For today, we want to focus on our first quarter results
and provide a more near-term look at the business. We'll try to keep our
comments brief so that we have plenty of time for your questions.

We're one quarter into 2017 and the business is looking
good. The West Coast economy remains very strong as you saw with the Crane
Index that we showed you at Investor Day. And this strength is not only
benefiting our existing routes, but it's also helping unlock the value of the
merger as shown by our many recent new route announcements.

Speaking of the merger, the integration continues to
progress well. Last week, the flight attendants became the first labor group to
receive a single carrier certification from the National Mediation Board. This
is a -- it's an important milestone and enables them to start moving forward
with things like Seniority List Integration. Most of the other groups -- other
labor groups have also filed for certification and are currently going through
the approval process.

Finally, from a financial perspective, we reported $202
million of adjusted pretax profit for the quarter, which is down from last year
with the higher fuel prices we've experienced but still very solid. This marks
the eighth consecutive year of profitability in the first quarter and an 11.5%
pretax margin in what is traditionally been our weakest quarter shows the
strength of our business model.

Moving on to the operation. Being safe and reliable is one
of the core promises we have for our guests. And we have a history of
delivering as shown by our recent #1 spot in the 2016 Airline Quality Ranking.
However, this business has a way of keeping you humble and a rough winter on
the West Coast shows that we have room for improvement in our handling of
irregular operations, particularly snow, deicing and ATC delay. And this is
especially true in locations where real estate is already highly constrained.

We had 5x more snow or freezing rain events in Seattle and
Portland this year versus last. But even accounting for this, our performance
is still disappointing. For the quarter, Alaska and Virgin mainline on-time
performance was 78% and 65%, respectively. And on the regional side, Horizon
came in at 71% while SkyWest came in at 80%. We are committed to doing a better
job of getting our guests to their destinations on time regardless of the
weather, and we're in the process of reviewing our operational procedures,
including the winter ops program.

While we need to improve our processes, our people did a
fantastic job taking care of our guests throughout the quarter. Although
Alaska's mainline customer satisfaction results were down in January, our
employees quickly rebounded and exceeded our target in both February and March.
I want to personally thank each of them for their hard work and for staying
focused on our guests despite weather and operational challenges. I also want
to thank our social care team. When the operation is under pressure, guests
often post on social media and they expect a quick response, and this team
delivers. A recent study found the average response time was under 5 minutes on
Alaska's social media channels versus over an hour for the industry. Given the
tech-savvy nature of many of our West Coast guests, this is an important and
growing part of the customer experience and is one we remain focused on.

As we look ahead to the rest of 2017, I'm mindful that
success isn't only about having the right strategy or plan. It's about
execution. For the past year, we've been focused on getting DOJ approval,
arranging financing, setting up integration and doing all of the other things
that go with acquiring a business. In fact, we've got so many new things going
on right now, you might say that our business is under construction. But in the
midst of this construction, it's time for us to refocus on the fundamentals of
running a good airline. This includes taking care of our guests, running a
tight operation and having a frugal mindset with respect to cost and capital
spending. In other words, it's time for us to execute the plans we've laid out
and to make sure that we're doing the right things day in and day out to make
this a great airline for our employees, our guests and our owners.

That's it for me. And now I'd like to turn the call over to
Andrew and then Brandon, who will share more detail with you on how we did in
the first quarter.

ANDREW R. HARRISON, CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER, CHIEF COMMERCIAL
OFFICER AND EVP, ALASKA AIRLINES, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning,
everyone. As Brad said, in the spirit of keeping things crisp, I'm going to
briefly walk through our first quarter performance, share a few thoughts on our
capacity and the revenue environment and then close with a brief update on our
commercial integration work.

So starting with the first quarter. Our passenger revenue
grew by $22 million or about 2%. This outpaced the industry which grew less
than 1%. And as anticipated, our March leisure travel was impacted by the
Easter shifting into the second quarter this year. In total, the Easter shift
cost March revenue approximately 3 points of unit revenue growth which will
shift into April. But overall, we were very pleased with how our first quarter,
our traditional softest, shaped up. Our load factor of 81.3% was essentially
flat year-over-year despite a 4.9% increase in capacity as we saw solid demand
across our network. Importantly, we saw continued strength in our loyalty
program during the quarter. In fact, during March, we had the largest number of
new members enrolling in both the State of California as well as our overall
Mileage Plan on record. Building loyalty is a critical part of our growth
strategy in California. And while it's still early stages, initial results are
encouraging.

Looking ahead to the second quarter. We expect competitive
capacity increases in our markets to be approximately 2 points. While this is a
fraction of what we've seen over the last several years, it is an increase from
the last call when the second quarter capacity changes were tracking closer to
flat. Our capacity will be up about 6% in the second quarter, with roughly 3
points of this growth due to the new markets Brad mentioned, 2 points due to
longer stage length and the remaining, a mix of core adds with some gauge
adjustments. Although these forms of growth generally have a negative impact on
PRASM, the new markets are already performing in line with our initial
forecast, and we are confident that this growth will be profit accretive.

Overall, we feel good about what we're seeing systemwide for
the second quarter. And even after removing the benefit from the Easter shift,
we expect to have positive unit revenue in the second quarter due to maturing
markets, stabilization of competitive capacity and solid demand. We foresee the
second quarter being the best quarter of the year with respect to
year-over-year revenue performance given our growth is weighted more heavily
towards the third and fourth quarter.

Speaking of capacity, our guide for the full year is 8.5%
and remains unchanged from previous guidance. With capacity in the first half
of the year around 5.5%, this implies growth of approximately 11.5% for the
second half of '17. For comparison, our growth in the second half of 2016 was
8% or 350 basis points lower. This will make unit revenues comps more
difficult. However, we're also confident this added capacity will contribute to
Air Group's long-term track record of profitable growth.

Moving to our progress on the revenue commitments and
integration. As Dan and Darryl pointed out at Investor Day, revenue synergies
can be hard for investors to see and measure. So I wanted to highlight recent
changes at Love Field as tangible examples of progress on the fleet deployment
and network growth synergies.

First, as many of you know, Virgin's existing routes from
Dallas Love Field to DCA and LaGuardia were losing money. The network team moved
quickly to downgauge these routes to a 76-seat Embraer 175 regional jet, which
was something Virgin couldn't do because it didn't have the breadth of fleet
options that we do at Alaska. What this allowed us to do was offer business
travelers the same utility on DCA and more in the case of LaGuardia with a
3-cabin product while improving the economics of these routes.

Secondly, we also announced that we're adding new routes
from Love Field to 4 points of strength on the West Coast: Seattle, Portland,
San Jose, San Diego, which are routes we believe will make the best use of the
2 gates we have at this highly constrained airport. This is incremental revenue
growth that was unlocked by the merger, will increase our relevance and loyalty
on the West Coast and generate higher utilization of gates and airport space,
thus reducing unit costs.

Very proud of the revenue management team. In April, we
finished bringing 3 years of Virgin America's booking history into Sabre. And
this will help us better manage inventory as a single entity. We're also on
track thanks to our airports organization and real estate to co-locate
operations at key airports, including Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, L.A.,
Newark and JFK by the end of this year. This will allow us to operate more
efficiently and also eliminate the potential source of confusion for our guests
at airports as they make connections across our expanded network.

So in summary, we're really excited about the opportunities
for the combined network and are moving forward on our revenue synergy
commitments, consolidation of airport operations and aggressive brand and
loyalty marketing now that the question about the Virgin brand has been
answered. We look forward to a solid second quarter.

And with that, I'll turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN, CFO, EVP OF FINANCE, CFO OF ALASKA
AIRLINES INC AND EVP OF FINANCE - ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. Air Group's $130 million adjusted
profit equates to a pretax profit of $202 million, which was $117 million or
37% lower than last year on a combined basis. Although operating revenues were
up $39 million, they weren't sufficient to offset the $56 million increase in
nonfuel costs and the $88 million increase in fuel prices. Nonoperating costs
also increased by $12 million due to the higher interest expense.

Overall, our first quarter pretax margin fell by 710 basis
points to 11.5%. We expect that to be to the largest decline of any quarter
this year given what we see currently in the revenue and fuel environment.

Andrew talked about unit revenue, so I'll focus on unit
costs. CASM ex-fuel was basically flat, which was consistent with our initial
guidance. While the operational challenges Brad mentioned did create some added
costs during the quarter, we benefited from having lower-than-forecast
maintenance costs and certain marketing spend that has shifted into the latter
part of the year.

For Q2, we're currently forecasting CASM ex-fuel to increase
by 3% on the 6% increase in capacity. There are a number of drivers for the
increase, including the timing of maintenance events, some costs that shifted
from Q1 and an assumed ratification bonus related to the tentative agreement
that we reached with Horizon's pilots earlier this month that will improve our
ability to recruit and retain pilots. Despite the 3% expected increase in unit
costs in the second quarter, we're still on pace for flattish unit costs for
the year, excluding the impact of an agreement with our Alaska and Virgin
America pilots.

There's a lot going on at Air Group right now, and some of
those activities drive costs that don't get captured in the merger cost line on
our external P&L. We're working hard to make sure those costs don't get
embedded in our long-term cost structure because we know how important low
costs are to our long-term success.

Although profits are down, we continue to generate strong
cash flow from operations, approximately $470 million for the quarter and ended
Q1 with $1.7 billion of cash on hand, reinforcing what I said at Investor Day,
we remain committed to a thoughtful capital allocation strategy.

First, we're going to make smart investments to leverage our
acquisition of Virgin America. Those include growing the fleet to support our
West Coast expansion, retrofitting the cabins of the Virgin America aircraft to
add Premium Class and adding satellite connectivity to Alaska's aircraft. We're
also making important investments into airport and other facilities in many of
our locations.

Given the elevated level of capital spending, we're working
hard to make sure our controls over capital are robust and we're spending money
as if it's our own. And yes, that comment was directed to other group leaders.

We're currently projecting 2017 CapEx to be about $1.2
billion, consistent with prior guidance. Most of that, of course, is
fleet-related. And we've added a bit more detail to the fleet section of our
investor update to help investors understand all the moving parts.

We did have 2 notable fleet events since Investor Day. The
first was Horizon taking delivery of our first E175. The second was Virgin
America taking delivery of our first LEAP-powered A321neo. In fact, we were the
global launch customer of that aircraft type. Both airplanes will be great
additions to the fleet.

We're also equally committed to redeleveraging our balance
sheet. Our debt to cap fell by 1 point since year-end to 58%. And we expect to
end the year at about 55%, driven by profits and roughly $320 million in
scheduled principal payment.

Overall, our first full post-acquisition quarter was solid.
There's a ton going on right now, and I want to credit our frontline folks for
taking great care of our guests. But I also want to give a shout out to all the
back-office folks who are working so hard to put these 2 companies together.
This is really hard work. But having said that, I hope everyone listening to
the call today or reading the transcript can sense the optimism that we have
here.

And with that, we're ready for your questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) And your first question
comes from the line of Savi Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH, AIRLINES ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES
& ASSOCIATES, INC., RESEARCH DIVISION: It's just -- if I may ask a question
on the Love -- the Dallas strategy. You guys talk about being a West Coast
airline. And I think in past discussions, you focused on that being your
strength and knowing -- not really wanting to grow anywhere outside of that.
And I know that -- so I was kind of curious about the thinking on the
Dallas-New-York and Dallas-D. C. flights as to how that fits in that overall
strategy. I know it's very small in the grand scheme of things.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Savi, it's Andrew. I think those were 2
routes that obviously we inherited on the purchase of Virgin America. So as we
look at those, as we look at our relevance in New York City specifically and
the network we're going to have there, these are 2 routes that, I think, as
they get incrementally better, we're just going to watch and see. But the
greater strategy, as you point out, is really directing things to the left side
of the country, to the West, where we want to continue to build loyalty and the
top destinations folks want to go. So that's where we are there. West Coast
will be the focus.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: All right. Helpful. And then just on
the kind of 2Q RASM color, wondering if you can give us a little bit more, if
you're seeing an improvement. It sounds like it's beyond just capacity that you
are seeing an underlying improvement. Just any more color on that and how that
-- maybe that progresses through the quarter?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So I'll maybe start with a high level
and I'll kick it over to Shane. But I think in generally, what we're really
excited about is as we continue to put the 2 airlines together, single revenue
management system and start to work all the levers and the loyalty as well as
going into the second quarter is a much stronger quarter from us traditionally
with the Easter move, we feel very, very good about the demand environment. But
Shane can give you a little color and details there.

SHANE TACKETT, VP OF REVENUE MANAGEMENT, ALASKA AIRLINES,
INC.: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Yes, Savi, I think the quarter, April will probably
be the best month just because Easter's sitting in it. But if you sort of look
at Q1 and you adjust Easter out, we sequentially got better every single month.
We would have been close to flat in March had we not had the Easter shift. So I
think we kind of see that basic progression happening through April. And then I
think that just to Andrew's point on the comments, we see that May and June
being good and positive. Just want to continue to note the second half of the
year will be challenged with the uptick in capacity.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Joseph DeNardi with Stifel.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI, VP, STIFEL, NICOLAUS & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just one question for Andrew and one for
Brandon. Andrew, you guys are pretty unique in that you have actually increased
the value of your currency for your loyalty program members. Other airlines
have kind of gone the other way. You're still distance-based, others are
spend-based. I'm wondering if you could just talk about whether you made those
decisions based on kind of the value of just being different. Or if you made
them in the context of actually trying to improve the value of the currency for
your customers in the context of how the value that you get from that
relationship and the credit card?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, thanks for the question, Joe. As
we've shared on Investor Day and as we move with our strategy, we very much
want to be the low-cost airline and provide great value to our guests. And we
have a huge percentage of our guests who are earning miles and using miles. And
that's just as equally as important as how much you actually pay for that
ticket. To your point being different in the industry, we all have different
business models. But at the end of the day, we believe that a generous loyalty
program for our business on what we want to achieve will be a very, very good
thing for us longer term for our investors.

JOSEPH WILLIAM DENARDI: Okay. And then Brandon, you spoke
about the focus that you have on the cost side, and you guys have obviously
done a really nice job in terms of CASM performance. But on the CapEx side,
you're right, '17 went up a tiny bit, '18 went up a little bit more, '19 went
up more. It seems like that number kind of goes up every quarter. So can you
just talk about why that is? And if we're sitting here and we're modeling a 20%
margin for you guys in 2019, should we just assume that you're going to -- that
CapEx for you will be $1.7 billion, $1.6 billion? I mean, that's a pretty big
number.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Joe, yes, it is a really big number.
What I would say is, at this point, I would not read too much into the modest
adjustments that occur in 2018 and 2019. I think what you're seeing is changing
estimates on the timing and the amount of the various initiatives that we have
going here. And those range from putting satellite on the airplanes to the
transition of the interiors of the Airbus airplanes into the Alaska
configuration. And so all of those business cases are in work right now. So as
we get through the next 3, 4, 5, 6 months and pin down the timing and the scope
of those projects, I think you'll have more confidence in the 2018 and 2019
numbers. I would say substantially all of those changes come in the non-aircraft
lines. On the aircraft stuff, what I would say is that right now we're in the
process of finishing the final transition of the -- out of the 400s into the
900ERs, which is a great investment. It's into a more fuel-efficient, more
reliable and more comfortable airplane. We're at the front end of taking E175s
into Horizon, which is going to be a great machine for us to reach thin midcon
markets. But we'll do the right thing with respect to aircraft deliveries like
we always have. And to the extent we don't feel like they wouldn't be
profitable endeavors, we would change that order book.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Hunter Keay with Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KENT KEAY, MD AND SENIOR ANALYST OF AIRLINES,
AEROSPACE AND DEFENSE, WOLFE RESEARCH, LLC: So how much of the fourth quarter
capacity growth had to do with Southwest being flat in the quarter? Because one
may conclude that you're using Southwest's fleet transition and their own flat
capacity growth as an opportunity to kind of move in and take some share and be
a little more aggressive.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Hunter, I had media training a long time
ago, and I'm pretty sure that's called a (inaudible). But the reality is,
really what you're seeing here, which we think very transparent about is really
unlocking the synergies and the potential of the acquisition is to build a more
firmer network on which to build loyalty, efficiency and revenue growth. And
really, that's what you're seeing going on here as it relates to our growth.
And again, you're going to see these new markets slow down, but that's the
reason.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Hunter, I might just jump on it. We
really wanted to sort of activate the merger with Virgin with some of this
stuff. And I think if you actually go through and look at the markets that no
carrier is being targeted or anything like that. We're really trying to improve
the utility for our customers. I think San Diego is an interesting example. I
think we fly to 20 -- 46 flights but 29 or 30 different airports out of San
Diego, so we're not picking out a route. Same thing in the Bay Area. We're
really trying to add new utility for our customers. And we believe that adding
that utility is going to grow loyalty. And so, I mean, honestly, we don't think
a lot about -- we think about our customers and growing loyalty and doing good
things that will help our business with (inaudible) where our competition might
be. And I think a lot of these markets, you might -- Andrew, you or Shane can
pop in, but I think a lot of these markets are unserved today on an offset
basis.

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Okay. That's fair. I am disappointed, by
the way, that you have given Andrew media training. I liked him better the old
way. But the paid load factor in your premium cabin, what is that? And how many
Delta elites have historically gotten free upgrades on you guys? And as that
partnership kind of dissolves away, does that free -- have you done the
analysis in terms of how many premium seats that frees up for you to now sell
on your own?

SHANE TACKETT: Load factor in First Class, Hunter?

HUNTER KENT KEAY: Yes, paid load factor in premium. What?
Sorry.

SHANE TACKETT: In First Class -- in Premium Economy or just
First Class?

HUNTER KENT KEAY: First Class.

SHANE TACKETT: The paid load factors are sort of 35% to 40%.
They've ticked up a little bit as we've removed 4 seats out of the 800s to make
room for Premium Economy. But they've held steady there for a number of years
now. And I think the Delta sort of elite upgrade was a very small overall number.

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I mean, Hunter, at the end of the day,
Alaska elites got first preference than the Delta elites, and so that's the way
it works. So really, what we're seeing now is, as Shane's pointed out, is with
adding Premium Class but reducing the number of First Class seats in the First
Class cabin, we are seeing a tick up in higher paid load factor there, but
we're also being mindful of making sure that we -- as again the philosophy for
us to have generous upgrade policy.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Helane Becker with Cowen and Company.

HELANE RENEE BECKER, MD AND SENIOR RESEARCH ANALYST, COWEN
AND COMPANY, LLC, RESEARCH DIVISION: Just a couple of questions. First is on
the Virgin network. As you get into that, how much more is available to do
changes like you did in Dallas with changing gauge and being more -- I don't
know what the right word is, but adjusting capacity that way, I guess?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: So we've made 2 big changes, is at the
Love Field obviously, and then also where we -- on our trunk routes,
Seattle-San Francisco, Seattle-Los Angeles, where we have a lot of overlap.
We've sort of got better schedules. But with all the new markets, we're moving
to the single operating certificate in the first quarter of next year. And so
cost [fleeting] is what you're referring to is, you're going to see much more
of that starting in the spring of '18. Right now, we're sort of holding tight
until we get all this integration done. So that's the last of it you'll see. But
spring next year, you're going to see some more in some of these
high-opportunity routes off the West Coast of the Americas.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then when you do that, will
you talk more about the financial impact of those route kind of changes? Like
what do you think -- as you change Dallas, what's -- like how should we think
about the financial impact of that? Because obviously, load factors improve,
presumably pricing can improve a little bit. So how should we think about that
benefiting you guys?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I think, Helane, you won't find us
getting into the specifics that I think you're really asking about. What I hope
that you will see is just a continual improvement and forward motion on the
strength of both our margins, our unit revenue and our loyalty program. And I
think when you see all of those things working together, we will get confidence
that these moves are good things.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then did you say how much the
ratification bonus was for the Horizon pilots?

DAVID L. CAMPBELL, CEO OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC AND
PRESIDENT OF HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Helane, this
is Dave Campbell. It's really about 9-point -- $9.6 million. But the real key
for us, as you recall last year, we actually completed our commitment fee. It
was really about productivity and really driving that. So this agreement that
we have really preserve that productivity, allow us to go out and be
competitive and really grow this network the right way. And so I really feel
good that it's a great deal for our pilots and for our employees. It's a great
deal for Air Group. And I feel real good about the opportunity and growth it
creates for Horizon.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Okay. And then just this is off topic
and actually, Brad, you may not have seen this. But just as your conference
call started, your pilots put out a press release talking about your first
quarter earnings. And I'm kind of amazed that they would write this, but they
talked about the fact that you guys are not being as forthcoming with them as
they want you to be. I mean, I don't know if you saw what they wrote, but it's
out there. So you might take a look at that.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks, Helane. Somebody just handed me a
phone and we took a quick peek at it. I might talk about it a little bit and
get -- ask Ben if he wants to chime in. But I will just tell you from my own
perspective, we've invested a tremendous amount of time and energy into the
relationships with all of our labor groups at all of our companies over the
last 10 years. And it's something we're really proud of. It's something we care
a lot about. It is integral. Those great working relationships are integral to
the culture that we've built here about us. Everybody being committed to this
airline and making this airline great, making it great for our customers. If
things are changing in the industry, and I think -- they're changing in Alaska
with this merger and it's -- things are moving fast and so expectations are
changing and I think people are a little bit more on edge. And I think that
we're showing some -- they're -- we're showing signs of it. That's what's going
on right now. But I'll just -- I'll tell you, Helane, and I'll tell any of our
pilots that happen to be listening, that nothing has changed at Alaska. We
value our employees. We are going to work with them. We have a model of working
with our people to make this company great and do great things for our
customers, and that's what we're going to do. We also need to keep -- I mean,
we survive as an airline the size we are by keeping our fares low. So the
needle we've been able to thread, the last couple of contracts with the pilots
that we will continue to try to thread is how do we come up with a deal that
honors them for the fantastic work that they do while keeping this company
strong and in a way that we can keep growing. That's what we're about and
that's what I have to say about that press release. Ben, anything you want to
add to that?

BENITO MINICUCCI, COO OF ALASKA AIRLINES INC AND EVP OF
OPERATIONS - ALASKA AIRLINES INC, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: No, Brad, you said it
all. What I'll say is, just the very nature of negotiations are not easy. When
you're in a negotiation process, these things just -- the process is not easy.
And I know our pilots are listening. And what I'll say is, we are committed to
getting a deal. And we philosophically for the last 10, 15 years, we've used an
approach that we're going to pay people well and fairly. We're going to provide
them great benefits. They'll share in our profits and earn PBP. We have high
productivity. And historically, that's what we've done. We've always gotten
deals, and we will continue to get deals going forward in the future.

HELANE RENEE BECKER: Yes. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to put
you on the spot with the question. It's just that to your point, you've always
had great labor relations. And to see them do that right at the start of the
call is kind of surprising. That was all.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Jamie Baker with JPMorgan.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER, U.S. AIRLINE AND AIRCRAFT LEASING
EQUITY ANALYST, JP MORGAN CHASE & CO, RESEARCH DIVISION: Not to hammer you
guys on the RASM commentary. What you said about the second quarter was pretty
clear. But when I think about the sequential revenue production, how your
revenue typically rises from the second quarter to the third quarter and then
contracts from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Assuming those trends
are consistent on a pro forma basis with what we've seen in recent years, it
seems to all but rule out anything but negative RASM in the back half. Is that
too punitive of an interpretation of your earlier commentary?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Jamie, again, media training 102 kicking
in now. We don't comment on the unit revenue performance and certainly whether
it's negative or positive in the back end. But I think the thing that we are
focused on is that by -- in the back end of the year, a lot of the things that
we're working on and the momentum and the strength of the company going from
one level to the next level with the integration is what we are clearly focused
on. And I'll let your models...

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Well, let me put it a different way
and we'll take RASM off the table altogether. Given the shift in the network,
would you expect the seasonality from one quarter to the next to differ
slightly or materially from that in the past?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Jamie, it's Brandon. Maybe I'll take
that one. The forecast for the next 3 quarters, I think the seasonality is
going to look pretty similar to what it has looked like in the past. We're
currently seeing Q2 rise. Q3 would be above Q2. And consistent with all of our
prior recent years, Q4 is going to fall. And so that, I think your sense is
right. You know our businesses very well, and we don't see anything that would
change that seasonal pattern.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. That's fair. I appreciate it. I
should have asked it better the first time out. Second question, headcount
obviously a touchy subject. In the case of post-merger American, they purposely
staffed up in order to ease some of the complexities of integration. The result
is today they're kind of top-heavy from a headcount perspective. How should we
think about your staffing levels as you approach the periods of heavy lifting?
Is there going to be any sort of similar cost build there?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Jamie, it's Ben here. We've done a lot of
work in the last few months building the transitional org structure to take us
through different milestones. So what you'll see in '17 is we're carrying a
certain level of staffing to get us through single operating certificate. Then
people fall off. We have people -- we had people going away in the first
quarter. We have people going away in June. We'll have people going away after
single operating certificate. And as we reach [indiscernible] then the next big
milestone is our passenger services, going to one Sabre system, more people
will drop off. So we have direct line of path on what our full-time equivalents
are going to be from '17, '18 and through '19. And the goal is to have, when
you add the Virgin headcount, I'm talking more management here because we're
going to be growing on the frontline. But when you add the Virgin headcount and
the Alaska headcount, the goal is going to be for us to be less than that in
'19.

JAMIE NATHANIEL BAKER: Okay. That color is helpful. And if I
can just sneak one in. Simply the passenger, the consolidation of both airlines
into T7 at JFK, new lounge facility, BA facility, UA facility. What are you
going to be using?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: The business case is pending with my
CFO, but we have space already working with British Airways to create a lounge.
And we're just working the details. But either way, we'll have a facility
there, whether it's our own or someone else's.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, MORGAN STANLEY, RESEARCH
DIVISION: Andrew, a question for you in terms of lower competitive capacity.
It's clearly showing up in schedules and pricing. Can you just provide a little
more color on the markets that it's showing up in and just some real data
points, if you can?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Rajeev, as you know, we use this
weighted model. But I think the easiest way to describe what's going on is
really the majority of that big chunk of that capacity is really related to
basin and Bay Area satellite airports. So our Seattle hub, Portland hub, even
San Francisco, there's some growth. But what you're seeing is increment in
capacity from many carriers from the satellite airports around the LA basin and
of course, the San Joses and the Oaklands and the Bay Area through their hubs
and other destinations. That's what you're seeing is really the movement. The
rest of our core hubs are pretty stable.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. And then another one for you, Andrew.
As you've added capacity fairly aggressively in some of the West Coast markets
or traditional Virgin markets, what's been the reception to the Alaska brand?
And maybe if you can share some quantitative data points on booking color or
surveys, if you don't mind?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: I don't have quantitative data per se on
the brand and all that good stuff. What I will tell you is that what we're
hearing anecdotally and seeing is that the increased utility, the increased
options as well as the loyalty growth that's coming along with all of this has
been extremely positive. Again, we're about 15% of all the traffic being booked
on Virgin America metal is coming through alaskaair.com. And we continue to
roll out benefits such as free bags, companion fares onto the Virgin metal. So
that's sort of what's going on there. I don't know, Shane, if you have any comment
but...

SHANE TACKETT: No, most of the new markets are actually on
Virgin metal. Some of the intra-Cal stuff we've done recently is actually super
strong. Virgin has a long history in intra-Cal, but the E175 has been
performing well for us. And then this -- the Dallas Love Field change, we
actually had to move a lot of folks off of Virgin tickets onto Alaska metal. We
actually called everybody personally and most of the anecdotal sort of report
backs from the res agents and teammates on the Virgin side have been super
positive. People haven't had a problem with switching metal.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Andrew Didora with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA, DIRECTOR, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH, RESEARCH
DIVISION: I guess, Brad or Andrew, you've done a good job articulating the
opportunities you have in California. I certainly agree with that. But I guess,
I do see this as a little bit more risky growth than you've done in the past.
You're growing in much more mature markets with a lot more competition in San
Francisco and the LA Basin. I guess, Andrew, can you maybe give us some color
around what kind of response you've seen from others in those markets as you've
kind of built out your schedules over the last few months? And is it fair to
assume that the uptick in competitive capacity that you mentioned in your
prepared remarks is from new markets that you've recently put schedules on?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Andrew, I think Brad sort of hit the
nail on the head a little earlier. But again, on the acquisition of Virgin
America, they were already in the largest O&D markets in California,
certainly to the East Coast and other places. And so there was no change in
capacity there per se. What you've seen us doing is filling out some of the
more secondary and third-tier cities, in some cases, with smaller aircraft
where we connect into cities that we serve from the Pacific Northwest. So we
believe that overall, this is actually utility growth and opens up
opportunities for folks to get directly to where they want to go versus
connecting historically.

ANDREW GEORGE DIDORA: And just on the competitive capacity.
Have you seen a come on to those new routes that you've put in? Or are they on
all the Virgin America routes?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: We have not seen new -- we have not seen
anything change really in what we're doing.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: I think we're not thinking of any --
knock on wood, but I'm not thinking right now of any significant competitive
reaction to any of our growth. Again, most of that growth -- Virgin was in all
of the largest cities. I think in -- out of San Francisco as an example. They
flew to all the top 10 cities out of SFO already. And so the cities we've added
are smaller cities with lower demand. They're cities that add utility for our
customers, enable our customers to get to those places on a nonstop basis, but
they weren't -- they're not highly competitive cities in terms of other
service.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Michael Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Sounds like Mike's not there.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Brandon Oglenski with Barclays.

VAN PATRICK KEGEL, RESEARCH ANALYST, BARCLAYS PLC, RESEARCH
DIVISION: This is actually Van Kegel on for Brandon. You've announced a record
number of new routes. Do you think that with a bigger version footprint now on
the West Coast you can spool up revenue faster relative to route additions in
the past? Or will it take a little bit longer just given the magnitude of the
acquisition and integration?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, I think, Van, it's -- it sort of
goes both ways. On the one hand, when we add capacity in the Pacific Northwest
where we're well known and have a big loyalty program, that goes well with it.
In California, we're certainly less well-known, but now we have the breadth and
the depth and the loyalty from Virgin America and their network and their
presence. So yes, as Brad mentioned earlier, these are tougher markets, but
we're also bringing equally new tools to the table, whether it's aircraft,
loyalty, international partners, connectivity. So overall, we feel like we've
got a good formula to continue to do this well.

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: And as we build network utility, I
think it will get easier.

VAN PATRICK KEGEL: Okay. And then maybe just do you have any
initial expectations for revenue performance in these new markets relative to
maybe the network?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: We don't normally comment on that, Van.
What I will say is, what we track very carefully is what my team forecast the
new routes should do and then what they actually do, and that's what we focus
on to get to maturity.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of Dan
McKenzie with Buckingham Research.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE, RESEARCH ANALYST, THE BUCKINGHAM
RESEARCH GROUP INCORPORATED: My first question is on connectivity, so probably
for Andrew or Shane. There's a lot you guys can do to increase connectivity and
drive revenue even before you have the single operating certificate. So yes,
just simply making sure that planes of both airplanes land and takeoff when you
ideally want them to. I guess that's what I'm really talking about here. So I
guess, just looking at the second quarter schedules, I'm wondering what
adjustments have been made along these lines. And how far along you are in this
area? And then just, of course, what incremental revenue that's helping to
drive?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: Yes, Dan. Just on the network, we've
made very, very few changes as you can appreciate since closing. Certainly, the
first and the second quarter, the biggest change that we've made is trying to
get some of those trunk routes a little bit more lined up. Shane and the team
have done a fantastic job about rolling pricing across the whole new network,
connectivity across metal, across cities. And I think you're just about done
with that. And so that's going to be one of the biggest ways that we're going
to open up the routing of our network going forward. But really, honestly, you're
going to see it more basically after single operating certificate is where
you're going to see the really big changes going forward.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, Dan, I might just add. The thing -- the
other thing we're really focused on is the customer experience on these
connections. These are mostly codeshare connections right now and that
experience is different. So we want to be careful and make sure people have a
really good experience with us when they sort of first do an Alaska to Virgin
connection. We'll get all that worked out throughout this year and then we'll
really turn this on next year.

DANIEL J. MCKENZIE: Understood. I guess the second question
would actually be for Ben here. I know, I think the commentary earlier in the
call was to take a look at the operations and maybe make some adjustments. So
I'm just wondering at this point, is the mandate to be cost neutral with these
operational fixes? Or is there some money that perhaps might need to be
invested here that potentially could -- that might not be factored in to how
we're thinking about costs for this year?

BENITO MINICUCCI: Dan, thanks for the question. So a couple
of things we're looking at. There's winter operations. So today, a lot of the
cost is done internally. We use our own people. We are looking at other
options. We're getting an outside provider to provide deicing operation in
Seattle. So we're just looking at the business case now. Our hope is to make it
as cost neutral as possible. On the other operational issues with -- in terms
of block times, we have an enormous amount of analytical data that will be
very, very laser-like in where we add more block in specific markets, in time
of day, day of week. So it will be very, very laser-like. Our goal is to get
the highest, highest performance at the least, least cost. And today, we have
the lowest block times in the industry, and we will continue to be the lowest
block time with the highest performance, which is what our goal is.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of Michael
Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.

CATHERINE M. O'BRIEN, RESEARCH ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK AG,
RESEARCH DIVISION: It's actually Catherine O'Brien filling in for Mike. Can you
hear me now?

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Katie, yes, we can.

CATHERINE M. O'BRIEN: Sorry about that, technical
difficulties. So since the close of the Virgin merger, how have your corporate
contracts fared? Have you seen uptick in your corporate signing up given the
addition of Virgin service and the new markets that the merger has made possible?

JOSEPH A. SPRAGUE, SVP OF COMMUNICATIONS & EXTERNAL
RELATIONS - ALASKA AIRLINES, INC., ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Catherine, this is
Joe. Thanks for the question. Yes, the corporate activity has been very
encouraging since the close of the merger. Our corporate sales team, and it's
worth noting that we took the entire, it was albeit a small one, but the entire
Virgin America sales team and just brought them in with the Alaska team,
brought them together. They've been working well together from the time of deal
close, we quickly reached out to over 300 corporate accounts that either Alaska
or Virgin or both had agreements with and basically synched up those agreements
to give the benefit of the agreement on one airline to the other if didn't
already exist. And so that's been very positively received by corporate
accounts. Also worth noting that a lot of those accounts are in both Seattle
and in the Bay Area where the tech activity is quite strong right now. And so
overall, we have seen an uptick in corporate revenue and particularly so from
the Bay Area.

CATHERINE M. O'BRIEN: That's great. And I'll just ask one
more. So we've recently seen a strengthening in transcon fares. One of your
main competitors increasing fares in their economy cabin and in their front cabin
last week. If that continues, do you think that can provide upside to your
revenue synergy target?

SHANE TACKETT: Thanks, Katie. Yes, we actually don't -- we
didn't put fares into any of the revenue synergies. So I'm just -- that's why
I'm stumbling over that question. So no, not on the synergy side. And just
note, a lot of times those fares are sort of on the higher end of structures
and you don't always sell a lot of those. So a lot of the airplane gets sold on
discount. And that's really where you need to focus.

CATHERINE M. O'BRIEN: Okay. If I can just sneak one more in
then. While it's probably too early to count on, the fact that you generated
free cash flow in the seasonally tough March quarter given especially what fuel
did, that seems like that bodes well for the rest of the year. Do you have any
updated thoughts on capital allocation this year given that? Or is the focus
going to remain on redeleveraging?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Katie, it's Brandon. The focus is going
to remain on redeleveraging. I went through it a little bit in my remarks.
We've got a lot of things we need to do on the fleet and non-aircraft side to
just activate the merger and pursue our growth plans. And then beyond that, we
really do want to stay focused on redeleveraging the balance sheet. We recently
increased the dividend. That's a positive fact we announced at Investor Day.
We're going to do a little bit of share buyback this year. But I would say in
general, our capital allocation plans remain unchanged.

OPERATOR: And your next question comes from the line of
Kevin Crissey with Citi.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY, DIRECTOR AND SENIOR ANALYST,
CITIGROUP INC, RESEARCH DIVISION: A couple of big picture questions maybe for
Andrew. Just general, maybe this is in general when you look at a flight, how
far in advance do you know that you have a revenue problem or that it's likely
to depart with a weak revenue performance?

ANDREW R. HARRISON: It varies. What I will tell you is that
as we built our -- Shane and his team have done a great job. Essentially, if
it's Hawaii, it books at a certain period. If it's intra-California, it's a
different period. But the team had built in mechanisms and reports that will
tell us when aircraft bookings stall, when we sold too many seats relative to
last year. So there's a whole sophisticated program going on. And I think
really what we do is focus on the bigger picture, what's going in the industry,
what's going on with capacity. And then Shane and Kevin Ger, Head of VP,
translate that down to our fleet of analysts to do that. So we have very good
and robust systems as it relates to that.

KEVIN WILLIAM CRISSEY: Yes, okay. I appreciate that. The
second question, I guess, is when you have a problem with a flight, and this in
general for the industry, I guess, but speaking for your firm specifically,
what levers do you have to pull? Because it seems like what happens is there's
a fare sale. Like oh, the flight's not booking and so the problem has to be on
the price rather than maybe the quantity demanded. For instance, why is price
necessarily the answer? Maybe it needs more online marketing dollars and stuff.
Do you incorporate other types of marketing beyond just, hey, sending out an
e-mail with lower fares? How does that work when a flight isn't working well?
What other levers beyond price are there?

SHANE TACKETT: Thanks, Kevin, this is Shane. We could go on
and on this. I'll try to be brief. I will say just that -- and then what Andrew
said. We can watch our forecast really close we have made. They tend to settle
down about 45 days in advance. So we're pretty good at predicting the final
flow in revenue well over a month out, notwithstanding the ever-elusive
close-in yield situation the industry has dealt with. But yes, Kevin Ger, who
runs RM for us, now he came over from Virgin America. He actually hosts a
weekly coordination meeting with e-commerce and with marketing, and they go
through any number of sort of potential opportunities, whether it's digital
marketing, sort of search marketing, sort of e-mail marketing. Sometimes, we
just say, no, we don't need a fare sale. We'll accept slightly lower load
factors and sort of hold out for good close-in yield. So there's a real mixture
based on our relevance in a market, our strength in the market, sort of historically
what's worked well.

OPERATOR: And we have time for one more question, which
comes from the line of Savi Syth with Raymond James.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: On the fleet, I was just wondering,
it looks like the retirements might be a little bit less than previously
disclosed. The retirement of the 400, is that getting pushed out or is that
still expected to be done this year?

MARK G. ELIASEN, VP OF FINANCE AND TREASURER, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Savi, this is Mark. We are definitely going to be retiring the
400s. So I think what you're seeing is just the last few coming out of the
fleet. And by the end of the year, we will be out of the classics completely.

SAVANTHI NIPUNIKA SYTH: Got it. And if I may ask just on the
unit revenue front. I think you're getting close to being maybe one of the only
airlines that will be providing monthly unit revenue data and maybe one of the
few that don't provide a kind of quarterly outlook on expectations, so I
appreciate the color. Any thoughts on a switch in the way you manage
expectations?

BRANDON S. PEDERSEN: Savi, it's Brandon. Yes, I think we
would ultimately want to join the rest of the industry in that regard. I think
it's a mark of what good industrial companies do. I think once we need -- what
we need to do is get through this year and we need to get through a good year
of comps and have a clear forecast through the windshield of these 2 companies
put together. But as I sit here today, if I had to say what does our guidance
look like in 2018? I think there's strong bias toward more forward-looking
guidance and less on the unit revenue side looking in backwards.

BRADLEY D. TILDEN: Thanks very much. So is the operator...
thanks very much, Savi. Thanks for tuning in today. We look forward to talking
to you all at the end of the second quarter. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042617a10136316.716










 EXECUTIVES (92%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS
(89%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL
RESULTS (71%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

HORIZON AIR INDUSTRIES INC (93%);

ALASKA AIRLINES INC (93%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (91%);

BARCLAYS PLC (84%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (82%);

CITIGROUP INC (82%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (82%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC
(68%);

STIFEL NICOLAUS & CO INC
(66%);

RAYMOND JAMES &
ASSOCIATES INC (65%);

MORGAN
STANLEY (57%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); TAPR (NASDAQ) (84%); BCS (NYSE)
(84%); BARC (LSE) (84%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%); COWN (NASDAQ)
(82%); C (NYSE) (82%); C (BMV) (82%); 8710 (TSE) (82%); DEUT (JSE) (82%); DBK
(FRA) (82%); DBK (BIT) (82%); DBETN (JSE) (82%); DB (NYSE) (82%); MS (NYSE)
(57%)










 AIRLINES (90%); CONFERENCE CALLS (89%); EQUITY
RESEARCH (78%); DEFENSE INDUSTRY (71%); INDUSTRY ANALYSTS (71%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (69%)










 ALASKA, USA (99%)










 May 2, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

February
8, 2017 Wednesday




Copyright
2017 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2017 CCBN, Inc.

 10629 words

Corporate Participants

* Lavanya Sareen

. - Managing Director of IR

* Brad Tilden

. - Chairman & CEO

* Andrew Harrison

. - EVP & Chief Commercial
Officer

* Brandon Pedersen

. - EVP, Finance & CFO

* Mark Eliasen

. - VP, Finance & Treasurer

* Shane Tackett

. - VP, Revenue Management

* Ben Minicucci

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - President & COO

* Kyle Levine

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP, Legal & General Counsel

* Peter Hunt

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - President & COO, Virgin America

* Chris Berry

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Managing Director, Accounting &
Controller

Conference Call Participants

* Savi Syth

Raymond James & Associates, Inc. - Analyst

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen Securities LLC - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Nish Mani

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Eric Morgan

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Mike Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Securities LLC - Analyst

* Andrew Didora

BofA Merrill Lynch - Analyst

* Kevin Crissey

Citigroup - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

Buckingham Research Group - Analyst

* Dominic Gates

The Seattles Times - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Jesse and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the
Alaska Air Group full-year and fourth-quarter earnings release conference call.

Today's call is being recorded and will be accessible for
future playback at 

.

(Operator Instructions)

I would now like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's
Managing Director of Investor Relations Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Jesse, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us for
Alaska Air Group's fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 earnings call.

On the call today our CEO Brad Tilden will provide an
overview of the business. Our Chief Commercial Officer Andrew Harrison will
share more about our commercial plans followed by Brandon Pedersen, our CFO,
who will discuss our financial results and outlook for 2017. Several members of
our senior management team are also on hand to help answer your questions.

As a reminder our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

We will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures such as
adjusted earnings and unit costs excluding fuel. We have provided a
reconciliation between the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures
in our earnings release.

All right. There's more disclosures. The acquisition of
Virgin America impacts the comparability of our results, so to assist investors
with comparisons our investor update includes certain unaudited supplementary
data labeled combined comparative statistics.

That should help investors understand how our combined
business would have performed had we acquired Virgin America at the beginning
of 2016. Investors should be aware that these are not official pro forma
results as required by the SEC but simply in addition of historical Alaska plus
Virgin America data. Virgin America's historical financial information has been
conformed to Alaska's financial statement classification where appropriate.

Moving on to results, this morning Alaska Air Group reported
a fourth-quarter GAAP net profit of $114 million. Excluding $83 million in
merger-related costs and a $4 million impact of mark-to-market adjustments
related to our fuel hedge portfolio air group reported an adjusted net income
of $193 million and earnings per share grew by 7% to $1.56 per share. This
result compares to First Call consensus of $1.40 per share and exceeds last
year's adjusted net income of $186 million, or $1.46 per diluted share.

For the full year, Alaska Air Group reported a record
adjusted net profit of $911 million, up 8%. Earnings per share grew by 12% to
$7.32 per share with the higher growth rate because of the number of shares
repurchased during the year. Additional information about cost expectations,
capacity plans, fuel hedging capital expenditures and other items can be found
in our investor update included in our Form 8-K issued this morning and
available on our website at alaskaair.com.

And with that over to Brad.

BRAD TILDEN, CHAIRMAN & CEO, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Thanks, Lavanya, and good morning everyone. Lavanya just shared the numbers, so
let me step back and talk about the underlying business and where we are headed
in 2017.

First and foremost, this is the first quarter that we have
spoken since we completed our $4 billion acquisition of Virgin America. We
could not be more optimistic about what lies ahead.

Air Group is now the fifth largest airline in the United
States, and we serve more than 42 million guests through our hubs in Seattle,
Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Anchorage. We have 1,200 daily
departures to 118 destinations, almost 300 aircraft and about 19,000 employees.

The footprint of the combined airline gives us an unmatched
ability to serve West Coast travelers and it creates a powerful platform for
long-term growth. But to be clear, we know that simply adding routes isn't how
you win in this business. For us to be successful over time our people, our
guests and our owners have to be aligned, and we have to be focused on running
our business in a way that we are creating real value for all of our
constituents.

With this in mind, we are adopting Virgin America's purpose
statement which is creating an airline that people love. Although this phrasing
is new to Air Group, we think this language fits and it captures our commitment
to continually improving in all areas.

As we look back on what this team has accomplished in 2016,
one of the things that we are most proud of is how we've balanced Air Group's
commitment to our employees, our guests, our communities and our investors. Let
me start with our employees. We have a fantastic group of employees that care
deeply about our guests and about the success of this Company.

We are spending a lot of time with our employees integrating
the Alaska and Virgin America cultures. And we are, in fact, about halfway
through a program called Momentum where we are inviting all Virgin America
teammates in groups of about 120 to sessions where they can learn about the new
Air Group, our vision and our shared goals.

These sessions are being very well received. And I want to
thank Ben and the team at Alaska and Virgin for putting together such a great
series of workshops.

Those of you who have been following us know that we've been
proud of the fact that all Air Group employees participate in the same
goals-based gain sharing plan which we call PBP. For 2016 our employees once
again earned about a full month's pay and I want to congratulate them all. And
looking to 2017 Virgin America teammates will be rolled into PBP, as well.

Moving to our guests, the merger of two safe, reliable and
service-focused airlines is fundamentally good for guests who benefit from
getting a premium product at low fares and an even bigger network. Safety is
always our top priority and Alaska demonstrated this again recently by being
the first airline in the United States to have its safety management system
approved by the FAA. I want to thank our safety and ops professionals who
worked long and hard to get through all of the gates necessary to make this
happen.

Operationally, we had an excellent year despite some rough
weather in December which continued into the early part of 2017. For the full
year 87.3% of Alaska's flights arrived on time, earning our people the number
one on-time performance ranking from FlightStats for the seventh year in row.
Alaska also earned the number one ranking in the Wall Street Journal
comprehensive airline surveys for the fourth year in a row.

As you know, both airlines have a history of offering our
guests award-winning service. And this has been validated by Alaska's nine
consecutive J.D. Power Awards and by Virgin America's number one ratings from
both Travel + Leisure and Conde Nast also for nine straight years.

But we're not standing still. Among other changes we
recently rolled out premium class on Alaska. Andrew will talk more about this
in just a moment.

We have recently improved our food and beverage offerings
and we were recently the first and so far only airline to introduce free
texting on board for all our customers.

Finally, on to our owners. Today we announced a record
annual profit of $911 million. This is our 13th consecutive annual profit on an
adjusted basis. And perhaps more importantly, we have reduced our unit costs
for seven straight years and for 14 of the last 15 years on the mainline side.

One thing that the last 15 years has taught us is that
customers want low fares and to offer low fares we have to have low costs. On
the strength of our strong service, low costs and low fares we've grown
revenues at an average rate of 8% since 2009. We are also learning strong
returns and we expect our pretax margin of 24% for the year to be among the top
15% of our S&P 500 industrial peer set.

Our multiyear track record of strong results and our
investment grade balance sheet allowed us to finance the acquisition of Virgin
America without issuing any new equity. The acquisition was accretive out of
the gate in 2016 and we fully expect it to be accretive in 2017.

Also today we announced that we have increased our dividend
for the fourth time in 3.5 years. Brandon will provide more information on
this.

Andrew and Brandon will also share details about our 2016
results and trends that we are seeing in the business. But before I turn the
call over to them I want to share a few more thoughts on the integration with
you.

First, we are using the integration as a time to reset our
sights on the future. A lot of work is underway behind the scenes, and we look
forward to sharing more with you at our Investor Day in late March.

Second, our integration management office is fully activated
and now that we've been able to talk openly between the companies we are
finalizing the integration plan. We are on track to achieve a single operating
certificate in about 12 month's time and we expect to transition to a single
passenger service system in the second half of 2018.

Third, we are quickly taking advantage of the broader
network and greater distribution capabilities of the larger enterprise to build
loyalty. For example, Elevate and Mileage Plan members can already earn and
redeem miles across Air Group regardless of whether they fly on Alaska or
Virgin America. Andrew will share more details with you, but we believe that
this has been one of the best and most generous rollouts for guests.

Finally, we are nearing completion of our brand work and
plan to have an announcement about the go-forward elements of the brand before
our Investor Day.

2016 was a remarkable year for Air Group. Doing a good job
with the integration while also running a strong operation takes a tremendous
amount of work and I want to take this opportunity to recognize and thank our
people. We have incredible frontline folks and they are driving this terrific
operational performance and guest service.

We also have an extraordinarily talented and committed
leadership team that is being fully challenged by this integration effort and
is clearly rising up to meet that challenge. I want to take a minute and thank
all of these folks as we wrap up a simply fantastic year in 2016 and as we
collectively turn our full attention to 2017.

With that I will turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW HARRISON, EVP & CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning everyone. For the fourth
quarter Air Group's total revenue, and that includes $100 million from Virgin
America, was up $147 million or 11%.

Given Virgin America only represented two weeks of activity
in the fourth quarter, I thought it would be most useful for this call to just
generally talk about Alaska's results excluding Virgin America. We were very
pleased with our fourth-quarter unit revenue results. Our Alaska RASM was up
0.3%, our first positive unit revenue since the second quarter of 2014 which
exceeded industry unit revenue performance by 2.4 points.

For all of 2016 Air Group's total revenue, excluding Virgin
America, was approximately $5.8 billion and grew by $233 million or 4.2%. This
makes 2016 the seventh year of consecutive revenue growth for Air Group. That's
twice the top-line growth of S&P 500 companies and contrasts with a 1%
revenue decline for the airline industry in 2016.

Before we move into 2017 there is a few things related to
our business, excluding Virgin America, from 2016 that I wanted to highlight.
First, growth in 2016 was enabled by the addition of 10 more Embraer 175s to
our fleet for a total of 15 E175s operating in 30 markets. These aircraft are
allowing us to create new market revenue streams and also provide first- and
premium class product for our guests.

The Embraer also provides incremental feed for our mainland
business. We are excited to be adding 18 more these aircraft to the fleet this
year.

Second, our relentless commitment operational excellence and
service continues to fuel loyalty growth. As all US carriers have now abandoned
miles-based programs, ours continues to prove out time and time again as more
generous for the majority of members. As a result Mileage Plan grew 11% in 2016
and members in our card portfolio grew 10.2%, both growing at a rate almost
twice that of our passenger growth.

Third, as Brad said, we are now selling premium class and
both guest feedback and revenue has been fantastic. We expect this product to
add approximately $50 million or even more to our revenues in 2017 and should
continue to grow into an $85 million run rate by 2018.

Overall the core of Alaska business performed very well. We
continue to build on our proven track record of profitable growth.

To put some numbers around this, in 2010 total revenues were
less than $4 billion. Since that time Alaska's growth has added over $2 billion
in revenues, that 50% growth, while continuing to lead the industry in
profitability. In fact, about a quarter of our earnings per share today has
been enabled by new markets added since 2010.

With the acquisition finally closed we are ready to leverage
Virgin America as a platform for continued growth and create greater value for
our guests, employees and owners. As we look at our capacity plans for 2017,
that's including Virgin America and the base, we will grow about 6% in the
first quarter.

As you might recall from our last call we stated that we
intended to grow Air Group capacity by around 7% for 2017. That remains largely
unchanged, but with the addition of Virgin America as well as new slots from
constrained airports consolidated growth for Air Group is expected to be about
8.5%. That's almost 2 percentage points less than the aggregate businesses,
that is Alaska plus Virgin, would have been for 2016.

That said, we make growth decisions at the market level
taking into account economic conditions. And we feel confident about this
growth being accretive to earnings and helping us continue to diversify our
earnings stream.

So moving to competitive capacity, when we last spoke to you
we expected other airline capacity in the first quarter of 2017 to be up 9%. As
we look at published schedules today we now expect it to be up only 5%, that's
a 4 point reduction. But more importantly with the addition of Virgin's network
which provides greater diversification, we expect the weighted competitive
capacity in the first quarter of 2017 to only be up 4%.

Overall we are seeing solid demand in our markets. And
although the Easter shift from March will negatively impact first-quarter comps
we feel good about the underlying fundamentals in the traditional Alaska
markets. To provide some color on the first-quarter revenue our preliminary
January PRASM, that's excluding Virgin America, was down about 3%. However,
excluding the impact of recent winter storms this would have been closer to
down 2.5%.

Although it's only been eight weeks since close the revenue
and network teams have made great progress. In fact, from a network reporting
and segment profitability perspective, we have already folded in Virgin America
and are planning network synergy adjustments for the fall.

Additionally, under Shane's leadership along with Kevin Ger
-- Kevin was Virgin's VP of RM who has now joined us -- by the end of the
second quarter of this year revenue analysts will have all of revenue
management including system interfaces, analysis, reporting, pricing all under
a single set of tools. From an integration and synergy perspective this is
huge.

I also wanted to highlight two areas where we've made
significant progress since the deal closed to ensure that out of the gate we
don't miss a beat on the revenues. Firstly, seven days after the close of the
deal we blanketed Virgin America's network with Alaska's code. We are seeing
healthy bookings on alaskaair.com from Virgin America code share flights
including routes like San Francisco to New York City that were previously not
in the consideration set for Alaska guests.

At current rates 15% of Virgin America operated revenue is
now being booked through code share flights on alaskaair.com.

And, secondly, we've already opened Mileage Plan to Elevate
members and are providing generous conversion offers including 10,000 bonus
miles or $100 off their next flight on Alaska. Additionally, Elevate members
can now earn and redeem on Alaska's network as well as globally through our
international partners. We are especially pleased with the fact that one-third
of Elevate elites have already enrolled in Mileage Plan.

As a reminder, loyalty programs offer a very real and
tangible benefit to Air Group with total cash flows from Mileage Plan and
Elevate exceeding $900 million for the full year of 2016.

As a side note you have likely noticed we've adopted Virgin
America's use of the term guest. We have an extraordinary marketing team that's
focused on translating all of the consumer and brand research we've done into
brand decisions that will build loyalty. And what we found is that the term
guest is much more in line with the unique hospitality and warmth we want people
to feel when they fly with us. This underscores our cultural commitment to
hospitality and creating long-term loyalty.

In closing, we look forward to seeing you at our Investor
Day in March. We will have a lot to share including our plans for the brand, fleet
and related aircraft configuration, onboard product including connectivity,
airport infrastructure and much more.

With that I will turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON PEDERSEN, EVP, FINANCE & CFO, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning everyone. Today we reported
fourth-quarter adjusted net income of $193 million. Earnings per share rose by
7% to $1.56 a share.

These results include Virgin America from December 14
through December 31 which added approximately $15 million to net profit in the
fourth-quarter and full-year results. Our full-year adjusted net profit was, as
Lavanya said, $911 million and earnings per share rose 12% to $7.32. This marks
the 13th consecutive year that we've reported an annual profit and the seventh
year in a row that we've been profitable in every quarter, which shows the
durability of the operating and financial model that we've created.

We ended the year with after-tax ROIC of 21.3%. Our
acquisition of Virgin America adds about $3.5 billion to the invested capital
base, bringing the total invested capital to about $7.5 billion. As a result,
the trailing 12-month ROIC, which uses the average invested capital base over
the rolling 12-month period, will gradually fall throughout 2017 until we
annualize the acquisition date. To illustrate, if you simply took Alaska and
Virgin America's full-year earnings for both companies for 2016 and calculated
ROIC using the $7.5 billion invested capital base ROIC would be about 15%.

We remain committed to producing returns that are well above
our cost of capital.

Our pretax profit for the quarter was $308 million, a $16
million improvement over prior year. Virgin America added $24 million of pretax
profit offset by an $8 million reduction in pretax for the preacquisition Air
Group business.

I might spend a minute wrapping up the final results for the
preacquisition Air Group, excluding the impact of two weeks of Virgin. As
Andrew said we were pleased with our fourth-quarter unit revenue results. On
the cost side CASM excluding fuel was about flat for the quarter, which was a
bit better than our Alaska Air Group guidance in early December before we
closed the deal.

Our fourth-quarter economic fuel cost per gallon was
actually up year over year, the first time that's happened since the first
quarter of 2013. Looking at preacquisition Air Group for the full year I was
really happy to see full-year CASMex declined by about 1%, and I want to thank
everyone for their focus on keeping costs low by being highly productive and maintaining
a frugal mindset. Our long track record of slowly chipping away costs is a
major driver of our strong results over the last several years and is a source
of competitive advantage over higher cost legacy carriers that will allow us to
keep growing.

I thought I might also share Virgin America's fourth-quarter
and full-year results. For the fourth quarter, Virgin America recorded on a
standalone basis pretax profit of $61 million, a 14% improvement over the
fourth quarter of prior year. For the full year Virgin America's standalone
basis pretax profit was $244 million, a 14.7% pretax margin.

I want to congratulate the team there on the really nice
year-over-year improvement. Peter Hunt is here with us and would be happy to
add more color to those results.

Many have asked about our reporting going forward. We will
give guidance on an Air Group basis, of course, with some more limited guidance
for our mainline segment which is going to include Alaska and Virgin America.

The year-over-year comps will be muddy for the next four
quarters. To help investors understand what is really happening we will give
guidance that has both a comparison between new Air Group and preacquisition
Air Group which will match our SEC reporting but will also provide some color on
what the changes represent had the business been combined on January 1, 2016 as
Andrew illustrated with the capacity guidance.

So let's turn the page to 2017. We expect consolidated
CASMex to be about flat for the year on what would be an 8.5% increase in new
capacity in the marketplace. This is on a combined basis as I said assuming a
full year of Virgin America in the base.

On the positive side we are already seeing good progress on
our cost synergy goals and there is also other purchase accounting adjustments
that will favorably impact the P&L in 2017 by about $50 million. Those
favorable items will help offset the cost pressure we are facing, including the
impact of a likely new engine services agreement at Alaska and an increase in
engine overhauls and heavy checks on Virgin's fleet.

We will also have the impact of the new contract with our
Alaska technicians, assuming it ratifies, and higher pension expense. As Brad
said we are making great investments to our onboard product.

And, finally, there is some ASM and cost headwinds
associated with premium class which does have a significant margin benefit, as
Andrew said. Overall, I like where our cost structure stands and the results
for 2017 given all that we have going on and the changes that are happening at
other carriers.

Turning to the balance sheet, we ended the year with $1.6
billion in cash. Total cash flow from operations was $1.5 billion excluding
merger-related costs. This marks our fourth consecutive year of operating cash
flows of about $1 billion or more.

CapEx for the year was just under $680 million, resulting in
free cash flow of over $820 million ex-integration costs.

We have a busy year with the fleet in 2017. At Alaska we
will take delivery of 12 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft which are absolutely
fabulous airplanes. Those will backfill the remaining 10, 737-400s that will
all be retired by year-end.

We are also in the process of modifying three Boeing
737-700s into freighters which will replace the five 737-400 Combis and one 400
freighter that we currently operate. Say that 10 times quickly.

In the regional business we are looking forward to taking 18
E175s from Embraer. At Virgin America we will take some number of the A321neos
Virgin was planning on. But we are working with the lessor on an arrangement
where we don't take all 10 that are scheduled to be delivered over the next two
years.

Virgin America will be the worldwide launch customer for
those aircraft which will be configured with 185 seats and we are very anxious
to see how they perform. We are also planning more CapEx and non-aircraft
related projects. For example, we are making a major investment into our
facilities up in the state of Alaska including a new hangar and significant
remodels of several owned terminals.

All-in we are currently projecting 2017 CapEx to be between
$1.1 billion and $1.2 billion.

During 2016 we returned $329 million to shareholders via
$136 million in dividends and $193 million in share repurchases. I hope you saw
today's announcement that we are again increasing the dividend by 9% to $0.30
per share per quarter. We have now increased the dividend four times since it
was initiated and it's increased threefold in that time.

The increase signals our Board's confidence in our plan and
our ability to continue to generate strong results. We ended the year with $2.6
billion of long-term debt with most of that being acquisition debt. Including
the impact of leases our year-end adjusted debt-to-cap stands at 59%.

We are well-positioned if interest rates rise as half our
total debt is fixed. We remain committed to the idea of being not just a great
airline but a high-quality business with a conservative balance sheet. In that
vein we are going to continue to re-deleverage until we hit our target of about
40% debt-to-cap, so I would expect cash distributions to shareholders to be
limited to the dividend and perhaps some modest opportunistic share buyback.

Overall I'm extremely pleased with where we are today. We
closed the biggest acquisition in this Company's history without using any
equity and did this while maintaining a strong investment grade balance sheet.
This is a testament to the financial discipline that's part of the DNA of this
Company and it provides us with a strong foundation as we head into the future.

With that, let's open it up to questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES, INC.:
Good morning. Brandon, just maybe first off, I was pleasantly surprised by the
dividend increase here. And now that you've find that you know what the funding
is and have a better idea of CapEx and putting the plan together, I was just
wondering what are your thoughts on how the balance sheet should progress over
the next few years or at least what your targets might be, and also related to
that if there's any kind of change in your fuel hedge strategy?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I will take the first and then Mark can
take the second on the fuel hedge strategy. In terms of the dividend, we've
talked about this for several years now, we want to have a track record of
increasing the dividend. That's something that high-quality industrials do and
we want to be considered that.

As we looked as you said at our CapEx plan for the year, our
cash flow plan for the year the dividend made sense. And it's something that we
are proud to announce. As I said in my remarks it shows confidence on the part
of the Board and our plan going forward.

Mark, do you want to take the fuel hedging?

MARK ELIASEN, VP, FINANCE & TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Sure, good morning, Savi. With respect to our fuel hedging, we're going
to continue on with what we've been doing. It has worked really well and fuel
has gone up or down, so we don't see any reason to change.

As you know, we are hedged at 50% hedged at $62 a barrel.
And so our breakeven is around $64. We think it's a good place to be.

SAVI SYTH: Helpful. And if I may, just on maybe for Andrew,
could you talk a little bit about the demand and yield trends that you are
seeing and if there are variances in based on the type of market? And I wonder
if you saw any holiday timing drag in December and a benefit in January and
maybe have you quantified what Easter might be like?

ANDREW HARRISON: Thanks, Savi. I will have Shane answer some
of the more detailed questions on the timing. I think that what I would say at
the big picture level is we were very pleased with the fourth quarter.

We continue to see strong demand in our markets. The team is
heavily focused on the new Virgin America network and, again, with Kevin, who
was their RM leader, coming over we are very well-positioned to continue good
momentum there in the fourth quarter and going into the first quarter.

Shane, do you want to touch on the holiday movements?

SHANE TACKETT, VP, REVENUE MANAGEMENT, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Sure, I can do that. And just to give perspective on what Andrew said, I
think throughout the quarter demand was super strong. Load factors were up
couple of points.

Business demand within the month sequentially got better
both on load factor and yield October through December. And we've seen that
continue into 2017. So that's all good news.

On the shifts there was a 1 point shift for the month out of
December into January just for the holiday return. I think others have
mentioned there was some day of weak shifting around more Tuesdays in January
this year than last year and that's impacting January results a little bit.

Easter is we are thinking about 2 points on the month moving
out of March into April. But we're hopeful that we have space to backfill a lot
of that with business traffic in March. So we're not necessarily assuming March
is going to be down that amount, but we know the actual holiday shift is worth
about 2 points.

OPERATOR: Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Yes, thanks very
much. Brandon, I think you mentioned on the loyalty program side that on a
combined basis it would contribute about $900 million in cash in 2016.

I think that's a newish disclosure for you guys. So can you
just provide maybe on a revenue basis what the combined program would look like
and speak to any profitability metrics you would like to disclose?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: The $900 million-ish is, I don't remember
if it's new, but if it is great. I'm glad we were able to provide it. It really
does demonstrate the power of the networks.

I don't have the revenue breakdown at my fingertips. But
that will be in the 10-K, we disclose what's in passenger revenue and in other
revenue.

In terms of the profitability of the program that's probably
a longer conversation that's not going to happen on an earnings call. We can
discuss that off-line.

What I will say is just it does wonders in terms of building
customer loyalty and stickiness to Alaska/Virgin America. And that's for us
where the power is. In terms of the profitability of each element that's a
little harder to get into.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay, Brad, that's a lot of cash relative to
what you guys generate and I would estimate it's quite a bit of your earnings
also. So is there any concern that the way that you guys are disclosing the
program now ends up with the airline relying on this program too much and not
finding new ways to make the core business flying one person from city to the
next more profitable?

BRAD TILDEN: Joe, thanks for the question. I don't think
there's any concern at all. Our entire -- and people that live out in our
coverage areas do feel this, but our entire focus is going into the community
and doing the right thing, being a good Company and building loyalty.

When we build loyalty we want people to get into our Mileage
Plan and then we want them to get at least one of our credit cards in their
wallet. Ideally two, maybe three of our credit cards in their wallet.

So that's what we do. And then what we want to do on the
other side is give them huge value for having that card. So they get a free
bag, they get miles, they get a companion certificate which gives them, they
buy one ticket, they get a very inexpensive second ticket.

And then as we have been talking more about there's all
sorts of benefits through the awards, as well. I think if you look at our 10-K,
and this may be wrong but I think it's close to right, I think something like
19% of our travel on this Company is somehow affiliated with the Mileage Plan.
And I think that percentage is much higher than other airlines.

I think other airlines are closer to 10% or 12%. It might be
a full redemption or it might be a fare where they paid half with cash and half
with miles. So I think this is our core business and I think it's a really
important part of our core business.

We have got a fabulous relationship with Bank of America and
I think it's something that you are going to see us. If you look back we've
talked about 10% growth in the Mileage Plan for 15 years. Double-digit growth
-- sorry, we talked about double-digit growth in the Mileage Plan for 15 years.
I think it's something that you are going to see us continue to focus on.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Joe, we're going to send you an
application.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Thanks for the
time. Just on the capacity guide of 8.5% or so, can you just talk a bit more
about where that growth will be focused? And then any implications to just
being able to maintain that steady margin RASM that you guys have been putting
up despite the higher level of growth?

ANDREW HARRISON: Good morning, it's Andrew. So a couple of
things on that.

Firstly, I will tell you from an internal perspective the
8.5% growth is at the top of our range. So I want put that out there.

Secondly, a lot of the growth will be Mid-Continent and
transcon which has been what you've seen recently. The other thing is that
we've had a really exciting opportunity with slots, and I think with Newark
Alaska picked up more, Virgin picked up two more. We are hoping to get four
slots into Mexico City here shortly, and we are also working on some other
opportunities in constrained airports.

So overall I think that our growth is very balanced as it
relates to the core and new markets and really exciting opportunities. As Brad
has mentioned, this growth is going to fuel utility and loyalty for the
combined airlines now. And we believe that this growth that we are going to
produce this year is going to continue to basically ignite this acquisition and
bring good things to guests.

And then also I should mention the regional, sorry Rajeev,
the regional side is growing about 18%. And as you are aware the Embraer 175,
this is really a new tool for us. It hits Mid-Continent routes, it's going to
provide very valuable feed, and it also generates first-class and premium class
revenues not available on our current regional fleet. So when you package this
all together we feel very good about that.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Great. And then just on the integration
side, what are some of the big risks we should be focused on this year? And
then maybe just some color on the timeline for cost synergies and some of the
puts and takes there.

BEN MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Good morning, Rajeev. It's Ben here.

What I will say is we are well underway, as Brad had in
comments, with the integration management office. We have established 20
integration goals. Things like getting a single guest loyalty program,
integrated call centers, a single passenger service systems. The work streams,
over 100 work streams are established.

And on the synergy side we have established 30 synergy
categories: seven revenue, 23 that are cost related. We've got executive owners
in conjunction with FP&A and our supply chain people. And we are driving
hard to achieve those synergies.

So we are really confident that we are going to achieve and
exceed what we've established. And then on some of the risks we are just working
on when we look at other mergers in the past we realize labor deals are a big
deal. So that is an extremely high priority for us to get labor deals hopefully
by the end of 2017, early into 2018.

Brad talked about culture. We are working hard on bringing
these two cultures together to honor what has been so great at Alaska Airlines
by looking at Virgin and see what Virgin can bring to really help the new
Alaska to greater heights.

So I'm really confident about what we are doing now and
where we are going.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN SECURITIES LLC: Thanks
operator. Hi guys. Thanks for the time here.

So I have two questions and they are completely unrelated.
The first question is, Brandon, I know you will be able to earn your way back
to your 40% goal for debt-to-cap, but given where the stock price is have you
given any thought also to maybe issuing some equity to bring the debt-to-cap
level down even if it's not from 60 to 42 to like maybe 50 and then just
reinstating the share repurchase program?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Helane, Brandon, good morning. No, we have
not thought about that at all.

We wanted to do this acquisition in a way that wasn't
dilutive and we did it. And I think we still have a very strong balance sheet.
So I don't feel the need to do that at all.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. Then my other question is about the
Airbus aircraft. And I know I heard what you said about trying out the neos and
seeing how they work and working with the lessors to maybe adjust deliveries.

But after you are done with integration and you start to
think about the route network, are there some markets where the A320neos will
work better than the 737s that you would actually think about permanently
keeping them or working to buy those aircraft rather than lease those aircraft?
Because given your very strong balance sheet, I would think it would be cheaper
for you to either buy them rather than to lease them.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, I think there's two questions in
there. One is a buy versus lease question and we've been a big advocate of
buying for a lot of different reasons.

In terms of where the airplanes fit best operationally, I
might get Ben to chime in on that because we are learning some things about
that already.

BEN MINICUCCI: Hi, Helane, it's Ben. And Andrew and I are
partnering on this with his team.

The Airbus is a great airplane. As you know, we love
Boeings, we are all Boeing and we are proud of that and we are learning a lot
about the Airbus.

What I will tell you is where you put the Airbus, one of the
things we've done well is we put the right airplane in the right market. The
Airbus is limited, the A320 at least, is limited as a transcon airplane. We
think it's a better north to south airplane.

So at least in the next five years I think you will see
Andrew's team work with the ops team really to get these airplanes in the right
markets to really maximize their potential. And so where the 321s go, whether
they go to Hawaii or transcon, I think we will make the right decision for to
maximize their potential.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, well, those are my two unrelated
questions. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Hi guys, good morning.
So one of the more unfortunate conditions of the DOJ approval is that they are
going to make you guys ask for permission to divest Virgin's gates at Love
Field if you decide to go down that path.

So I know it's a little bit early to start talking about
whether you are going to do that or not. But can you, and this might be a
question for Kyle, by the way, if he is on the line, but can you tell me about
how pragmatically easy that would be to do given the conditions attached to the
approval, what steps you have to go through and the legal hurdles that you
would have to clear to get that done if you decide to do it?

KYLE LEVINE, VP, LEGAL & GENERAL COUNSEL, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Hunter, good morning. You know, the order as you have probably
seen doesn't specify what steps are necessary. So in my mind if we ever decided
to do that it would start by a letter saying hey, we would like an audience
with you to explain our business reasons for wanting to do this and the
discussion would go from there.

HUNTER KEAY: To DOT?

KYLE LEVINE: To DOJ.

HUNTER KEAY: DOJ. Okay, got it. Thank you.

And then Brad, when will all your distribution agreements
with the various GDSes be harmonized? And what's going to be your single
biggest priority in the negotiations with them like obtaining a partial content
agreement or is it just like lowering the booking fees? And then if you want to
talk bigger picture about how big of an opportunity distribution savings is for
the merged Company over the next many years that would be great too. Thank you.

BRAD TILDEN: Thanks, Hunter. I'm going to ask either Andrew
or Shane to answer this. Just to be really clear, Hunter is asking about
distribution systems and the opportunities for Alaska and Virgin to harmonize
and find cost synergies or even revenue opportunities.

SHANE TACKETT: Yes, thanks Hunter. I won't get into detail.
Most of these agreements are actually open for us right now, but our costs of
distribution are really good comparatively.

And so I think this is one of the key areas of cost synergy
that has been identified that Ben just alluded to of those 30 areas. So we are
working with the distribution providers right now on new contract language.
We've got great relationships with them, and I think that this won't be hard
for us to achieve pretty quickly.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

NISH MANI, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Yes, thank you so much for the
time. This is actually Nish Mani on for Jamie. I wanted to ask you about
customer retention and how that plays into the revenue synergies target that we
should be thinking about going forward.

You guys have outlined that 175 run rate number, and I know
that we had last spoke on the topic of the base case essentially included about
100% customer retention in the acquisition. And I am wondering if A, your view
on the this has changed since the merger has closed that you had the ability to
look at the numbers closely and do more channel checks but B, how we should be
thinking about that going forward and how that could potentially impact the
accretiveness of the deal?

ANDREW HARRISON: Hi, this is Andrew Harrison. Thanks for
your question. So a couple of things on that.

First, we are going to provide a lot more detail at Investor
Day. But what I will tell you right now is that very much on the revenue
synergies of 175 nothing has changed there. And as Brad has been sharing our
whole goal here is to really provide significant revenue growth in California
and particularly, of course, on the West Coast.

We are very hard at work working with elites, both Elevate
and Mileage Plan signing up new members, and we are getting into it and we are
going to have some exciting changes coming over the next six months. So we feel
very confident that we are going to continue to grow our guest base in a major
way as we move through this integration.

NISH MANI: Okay, that's very helpful. And then I wanted to
just ask briefly about the evolving nature of the Virgin brand and how you guys
are thinking about it.

Obviously, there are a bunch of operational decisions to be
made down the road. But is it your sense from where you sit today that the
Virgin brand would represent any kind of distinct departure away from what
Alaska's product offerings are? Or has that decision still been mulled over, so
to speak?

ANDREW HARRISON: Andrew again. I've only ever had one rule,
a sort of a collar around my neck, was that I wasn't to talk about unit
revenues going forward. A recent new collar with respect to (multiple speakers)
charge has been placed around my neck and that would include brand.

So what I will tell you is that we will talk to more about
that at Investor Day. But at the end of the day what we can tell you is that as
we move forward we are going to continue to evolve and become increasingly
relevant and fresh and new, inspiring for the guests on the West Coast. And I
will say, and it sounds like a small thing but it's not, at the end of the day
this concept of calling guests which Virgin America had adopted it is very
powerful.

And the more you get into it and culturally as we rethink
how we talk about who we are serving it's going to make a difference. So we are
going to start to unroll a lot of this stuff, again at Investor Day. So look
forward to seeing you there.

OPERATOR: Brandon Oglenski, Barclays.

ERIC MORGAN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Hi, this is Eric
Morgan on for Brandon. Thanks for taking my question.

I just wanted to ask about margin. Given that Virgin has had
lower margins historically just wondering how you are thinking about the whole
business now? And longer term is there any reason consolidated margins shouldn't
ultimately reach where you were running premerger?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Eric, it's Brandon. You are right, Virgin
America did run at a much lower margin than Alaska and mathematically when you
add the two together you get a lower margin or a margin in between.

In terms of where the business operates going forward, I
think that's largely a matter of the economic environment, fuel conditions,
competitive capacity, etc. I think Alaska's goal is to just be in a place where
we're doing better than the industry on average. And I don't exactly know what
that is going to be, but that's the goal.

ERIC MORGAN: All right, I appreciate that. And maybe just
one on the premium class product.

Could you elaborate a bit of rollout and how it's playing
out relative to expectations? It sounded like you were pretty happy with the
revenue impact. So do you think that $85 million number you have out there
could be conservative?

SHANE TACKETT: Thanks, Eric. This is Shane again. Yes, it's
a great start.

We had all of our 800s, about 60 aircraft, configured to
begin flying in January. We started selling those seats in November, so it was
kind of a limited release. Our 900s are now starting the process of being
configured.

I will just tell you the revenue out of the gate is more than
what we had planned for in January and it looks to be the same in February. I
do think as we get in the back part of the year and we have a full complement
of the fleet configured our revenue goals are very, very aggressive. So I
wouldn't necessarily say that we are going to outperform the $85 million at
this point, but if anything there might be a little upside to it.

OPERATOR: Mike Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MIKE LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Hey, good morning
everybody. I guess a couple here.

Andrew, you were kind to give us competitive capacity. In
the March quarter you said it was 5% and then I think on a weighted basis
including Virgin it was 4%. Do you have that for the June or September and/or
September quarters?

ANDREW HARRISON: What I can tell you right now just in the
second quarter looking at the tapes which aren't finalized it's close to flat.
But, again, that can continue to move around.

MIKE LINENBERG: Okay, very good. And then, as I recall and
this is probably a question for Brandon, Virgin paid a royalty fee to the
Virgin Group. I think it was at 1.1% of total sales, and then I think it moved
up to 1.4% and then it came down.

Is that something that you are still incurring or that's
gone since the merger close? I was never sure on that.

PETER HUNT, PRESIDENT & COO, VIRGIN AMERICA, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Hi, Mike, this is Peter Hunt. Actually the level is 0.7% of
revenue that was (multiple speakers) license fee.

And that is still in place. As long as we use the Virgin
brand under our existing license agreement we would be required to pay that
license fee.

MIKE LINENBERG: Okay. And then Peter, does it stay at 0.7%
or is there some sort of revenue threshold or benchmark that changes that?

PETER HUNT: There is a revenue threshold. It's a fairly high
one, though. It won't come into play for many years.

And at that threshold the revenue or the (technical
difficulty) drop to 0.5% at some point in the future. But it's like three times
what the Virgin revenue is today. So it's fairly high.

OPERATOR: Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS SECURITIES LLC: Hi guys,
thanks for the time. Brandon, I joined a little late, so apologies if you
already did this. But would you break out the CASM outlook for 2017 between
what's happening with core CASM and then what the purchase accounting impact
is?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, on a combined consolidated basis so,
again, assuming Virgin America had been in the base for the full year CASM is
going to be flat year over year. We have about $50 million or so of net good
guy in the base that resulted from purchase accounting, and there's a variety
of things in there, some positive, some negative.

And then the rest of it would be what I would call core
growth including the impact of premium class which takes out ASMs and adds some
cost. But as I said in my prepared remarks is very accretive to the bottom line
as well as the investments we are making in the onboard products. So I wouldn't
call that inflationary growth, I would call that purposeful investment that we
believe has a real payback and is good for guests.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Great. And then on the revenue side, did
you need to write down the DTL as part of the purchase accounting process and
is that going to impact Q1 RASM?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: The deferred tax liability?

DARRYL GENOVESI: I'm sorry, the ATL, the air traffic
liability.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: We actually carried over the ATL, well,
I'm going to let Chris Berry answer this.

CHRIS BERRY, MANAGING DIRECTOR, ACCOUNTING & CONTROLLER,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: It is an accounting question. Darryl, I will be brief.
Yes, ATL it was fair valued, meaning there was some write-down within the ATL
number and that would carry through revenue over the next 12 months.

The offset of that is there was a write-up in the value of
the Elevate program which has basically an equal offset to that revenue over
the next 12 months. So you won't see a lot of revenue change as a whole for
operating revenue for Virgin America on that.

OPERATOR: Andrew Didora, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

ANDREW DIDORA, ANALYST, BOFA MERRILL LYNCH: Hey, good
morning everyone. Brandon, I guess two questions on the cost side.

One, I know you've been talking about the $50 million good
guy from purchase accounting. But can you give us a sense for what's included
in that flat CASM guide for cost synergies?

And then second question around costs, we're seeing a lot
more fuel efficiency, particularly on the regional site. And does this all
relate to the additional E175 flying?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Hi, Andrew. On the second question I
didn't quite follow it. Are you talking about non-fuel CASM or fuel CASM?

ANDREW DIDORA: I guess the second question on the fuel CASM,
it seems like your fuel efficiency is increasing nicely here. And is that just
solely a function of the new E175 flying that you have coming on this year?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: For that flying, those are great
airplanes, but for that flying that actually is a reduction in terms of ASMs
per gallon just because the smaller gauge of those aircraft. Where you are
really seeing the benefit is the exit of the 737-400s and replacement of the
900ERs, 37 more seats, basically they burn the same amount of fuel.

It's a nice, nice, nice tailwind in terms of fuel
efficiency. On the cost side, I forgot your question, what was your question?

ANDREW DIDORA: On the CASMex side what are you assuming in
terms of cost synergies in your flat guidance?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I'm not going to tell you exactly the
number. But I will tell you that we are really pleased with the pace that we
are going on realizing those cost synergies.

There is obvious stuff baked in, headcount reductions
including the executive compensation that was in the base last year. But it's
not just that, it's synergies that we've already realized in lots of different
areas and we will give you more color on that at Investor Day. We are well on
our way.

OPERATOR: Kevin Crissey, Citigroup.

KEVIN CRISSEY, ANALYST, CITIGROUP: Hi, good morning
everyone. Thanks for the time.

Brandon, how do you measure these synergy results not right
away, because that's relatively doable, but how do you look at the revenue and
the cost as what they would have been had you not merged, say, a year and a
half from now?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I'm going to let Shane Tackett answer that
question.

SHANE TACKETT: Great question and there's not a perfect way
to do this, but the way we've done it is we've basically pro formaed both
companies independently for five years. And then we pro formaed the combined
Company and what we think we can create in synergies. And we will just
re-baseline those based on some sort of revenue environment index as we go
forward.

KEVIN CRISSEY: Okay. And so with us not having the benefit
of your projections, assuming you are not going to release those and I imagine
you wouldn't, should we be viewing the resulting synergy in better RASM growth
versus say the industry in terms of to measure the revenue synergies and better
margins overall maybe for the net of the revenue and cost synergies relative to
where you were or where the industry was? Frankly, a year and a half from now
when you guys are saying that you are going to be realizing your synergies and
you're right on track, how the heck are we going to have any idea that that's
the case?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Kevin, maybe I'll jump in there. Honestly
I don't think you will because a lot of things happen between now and then I
think for some of that, like network connectivity it does get lost in the mix
little bit, although we do feel pretty good about the opportunity there.

A good example of that is just the statistic that we
mentioned in the script which is about 15% of the Virgin America bookings right
now are coming through AS.com and we believe 30% of that is incremental. That's
real dollars that are adding to the bottom line.

The other thing I would say is that some of the synergy
benefit is, of course, network connectivity and things like that, which will be
a little harder to measure. But some of the synergy benefit comes from things
like increasing the number of people that hold the credit card.

That is a very tangible and quantifiable number that we can
tell you. We are not going to give you specific numbers, but we are going to
say are we on track or not. And we can tell you with confidence.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP: Hey, good
morning. Andrew, feel free to recharacterize this, but at least from my
perspective what we've learned from Virgin is that growth in the wrong market
can cause a lot of revenue pain.

And you made it clear this year that the growth this year is
going to be accretive. But on the existing network, how would you characterize
the changes that need to be made on the Virgin side? Are there some
redeployments you are thinking about, and then just tied to this what is
transcon capacity now as a percent of total flying?

ANDREW HARRISON: Thanks, Dan. I was expecting an alliance
question, so this is good. All is well there, by the way.

You know, here's what I will say. Virgin America's network I
think is about 20 markets and they are all in these very large core O&Ds
and I think they've done a fantastic job. So other than looking at gauge and
putting the right airplanes in the right markets we believe it's a fantastic
foundation and we are going to continue that.

We are also going to start making some changes in the fall
to start to get schedules and equipment better, but really you will see much
more in 2018. We've redefined our regions, and without going into the details
our transcon, I think we have New York transcon is about 10% from memory here.
I'm just looking at my cheat sheets, 10%.

And then you've got we also have Pacific Northwest transcon
-- excuse me, California transcon, as well. So those two together is close to
20%.

At the end of the day what we hope to do is to take the
Virgin America network and then bring to bear the loyalty, the network
connectivity, the regional fleet, the mainline fleet and just grow this thing.
That's really what you're going to see. So the barebones of what you see in the
network that Virgin America has there solid and they are not going to be
changing.

BRAD TILDEN: Dan, to be fair there are a handful of markets
that we look at and say we can make some changes to drive better results. And I
don't think we are going to say a lot more about that today, but I think you
will see some changes in the schedule in the next couple of months.

DAN MCKENZIE: Okay I appreciate that. And Andrew you
actually did front-run my next question on alliance (inaudible).

So I'm wondering if you can provide an update on code share
revenue? Where are we at just given some of the changes that had to be made as
a condition of the merger close? And to what extent does the new code share
with Japan Airlines backfill some of that lost revenue?

ANDREW HARRISON: I think real quickly, Dan, not materially
since we last changed. We shared that the Department of Justice was about $60
million reduction, but we are going to backfill three-quarters of that. So it's
about $10 million to $15 million of loss and then I think we also talked about
the delta.

So at the end of the day we are continuing to rely less and
less on code share revenues, and especially with the Virgin America network we
are backfilling that and replacing that with our own revenues. And just on JAL
and lastly on our international flag partners, we are seeing significant
year-over-year and, of course, JAL will be new international traffic. And now
with international gateways in Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles and even
JFK, we have a great platform for international traffic growth.

OPERATOR: Dominic Gates, Seattle Times.

DOMINIC GATES, MEDIA, THE SEATTLES TIMES: Hi, good morning.
Just following up on Helane Becker's question about fleet plans, first of all
could you just repeat if you would the plans for taking new aircraft, 737s,
A320s, E175s in the coming year versus retirements?

And then you talked about not taking all of the A321s that
were previously planned for Virgin. Give me your thoughts on why you are doing
that? The A321 is the one Airbus aircraft that other airlines are rushing to
get because it's perceived as doing better than the equivalent 737. So why does
the fact that you are not taking all of those indicate where you may be going
in terms of what to do with the Airbus way down the line?

BRAD TILDEN: So Dominic, good morning. Thank you for the
question.

So big picture, maybe just to sort of reset a little bit, we
have been proudly all Boeing for I don't know how many years 10, 15 years. We
have probably all Boeing on the front of every one of our airplanes. We are
really proud of that.

Flying Boeing airplanes has been fantastic for this Company.
Flying a single aircraft type has been fantastic for this Company. So that's
fact one.

Fact two is we bought Virgin America and they fly Airbus
airplanes. So overnight we now are in the position where we fly both airplane
types. So all that we have said is that we are going to go through a process in
2017 where we make a decision as to whether to continue to fly two airplane
types or whether to go back and fly a single airplane type again.

And that process is going to take six, seven, eight, nine
months, something like that. But as any Company would we're going to go through
the right process to make the right decision for everybody at Alaska. And we
are going to certainly talk with Boeing and Airbus as we go through that
process.

You are also asking about what happens in the interim? And
what I would say is that the process has become, it's a little bit more
complicated because Airbus is introducing this A321 like immediately, right
away. And I will just say that we are having conversations with people that
delivered the lessor and Airbus about that airplane to see if we can reduce
that, that's a new airplane type to Virgin America, we are having a
conversation to see if we can reduce that commitment to A321s or put that off
of it while we go through this process to make the right long-term decision for
Air Group. That's really all that we can say about where we are right now.

DOMINIC GATES: Do you mind going over the numbers, what's
the expectation for new deliveries this year versus retirement?

BRAD TILDEN: We will have either Brandon or Mark. Happy to
do that, Dominic.

MARK ELIASEN: Hey, Dominic this is Mark Eliasen. I can just
give you a couple of numbers here.

One is that we have 54 firm Boeing airplanes on order today.
We will take 12 this year, but we have 54 total on order which includes the MAX
airplane.

For the Airbus fleet we have 10 firms on the books today
that Virgin America had and we also have another 30 that are cancelable. So
that basically breaks down the ratios there.

OPERATOR: This concludes today's question-and-answer
session. I will now turn the call over to Brad Tilden.

BRAD TILDEN: Okay, thanks very much everybody for joining
us. We look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day in New York on March 29.

Thanks very much. Have a great day.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 020817a7551936.736










 EXECUTIVES (92%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); BANKING
& FINANCE REGULATION (77%); INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS (76%); FINANCIAL
RESULTS (74%); SECURITIES LAW (73%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (70%); LAWYERS (69%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

MERRILL LYNCH & CO INC (83%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (73%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(70%);

UBS SECURITIES LLC
(69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

VIRGIN AMERICA INC (57%);

CITIGROUP INC (56%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC (56%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (56%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP INC (55%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); JPM (NYSE) (73%); JPM (LSE) (73%);
MS (NYSE) (58%); VA (NASDAQ) (57%); C (NYSE) (56%); C (BMV) (56%); 8710 (TSE)
(56%); DEUT (JSE) (56%); DBK (FRA) (56%); DBK (BIT) (56%); DBETN (JSE) (56%);
DB (NYSE) (56%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); ACCOUNTING (89%); INVESTOR
RELATIONS (78%); BANKING & FINANCE REGULATION (77%); SECURITIES LAW (73%);
CORPORATE COUNSEL (70%); LAWYERS (69%)










 UNITED STATES (92%)










 March 29, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

October
20, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 8942 words

Corporate Participants

* Lavanya Sareen

. - Managing Director of IR

* Brad Tilden

. - CEO

* Andrew Harrison

. - EVP & Chiev Commercial
Officer

* Brandon Pedersen

. - CFO & EVP of Finance

* Kyle Levine

. - VP, General Counsel, Chief
Ethics & Compliance Officer

* Mark Eliasen

. - VP, Finance & Treasurer

* Ben Minicucci

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - COO & President

* David Campbell

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - President & CEO of Horizon Air

Conference Call Participants

* Savi Syth

Raymond James & Assoc. - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Julie Yates

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Michael Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS Securities LLC - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

Buckingham Research - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning my name is Christina and I will be
your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone
to the Alaska Air Group third-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Today's
call is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

. (Operator Instructions). Thank
you. I would like to now turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's Managing
Director of Investor Relations, Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MANAGING DIRECTOR OF IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Christina. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for
Alaska Air Group's third-quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call today, our
CEO, Brad Tilden, will provide an overview of the business and share our
progress on the proposed acquisition of Virgin America.

Our Chief Commercial Officer, Andrew Harrison, will share
the revenue results for the quarter followed by Brandon Pedersen, our CFO, who
will discuss our financial results and outlook for the rest of 2016. Several
members of our senior management team are also on hand to help answer your
questions.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could
affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

We will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures such as
adjusted earnings and unit costs excluding fuel. We have provided a
reconciliation between the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures
in our earnings release.

This morning Alaska Air Group reported a third-quarter of
GAAP net profit of $256 million. Excluding $14 million in merger-related cost
and a $2 million impact of mark-to-market adjustments related to our fuel hedge
portfolio, air group reported an adjusted net income of $272 million and
earnings per share grew by 2% to $2.20 per share. That compares to [first call]
(inaudible) estimate of $2.09 per share.

Additional information about cost expectations, capacity
plans, fuel hedging, capital expenditures and other [writings] can be found in
our investor update included in our Form 8-K issued this morning and available
on our website at AlaskaAir.com. And with that I will turn it over to Brad.

BRAD TILDEN, CEO, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Lavanya,
and good morning, everyone. As Lavanya just shared, our third-quarter net
income was $272 million, a bit below last year, but our earnings per share of
$2.20 were 2% higher than last year and our highest quarterly earnings per
share ever.

2016 is shaping up to be a year of record profitability.
Pretax income for the first nine months of the year was over $1 billion and $90
million higher than last year. And on a trailing 12-month basis our pretax
margin now stands at just under 25%. This is an extraordinary level of
performance not only in relation to our industry but also in relation to other
high-quality industrial companies.

Some have asked what Alaska's margin should be over the longer
term. This is a good question and one that we can all speculate about. What we
can say definitively is that our goal is to be a leader in this industry and
that means we need to be safe, be on time, provide great service and, very
importantly, have both low fares and low costs. If we do these things well we
will be in a position to lead the industry in terms of financial performance
regardless of what part of the cycle we are in.

Before we get into the details of the quarter I would like
to touch briefly on Virgin America. Many of you have asked questions about the
timing of the merger and about our ongoing discussions with the Justice
Department.

As to timing, we were hoping to get this done a couple of
weeks ago and we are obviously not there quite yet. The scope of issues that
remain with the Justice Department is manageable, but they are important
matters and we want to take the time that is necessary to work through them.

It is hard to predict the exact timing for when we will wrap
up since there are two parties involved. There is a process at play and we are
working through that process and we are respectful of that process. Our hope is
that we will have antitrust clearance soon.

All that said, we continue to be very confident that the
deal will get done and get done in a way that benefits all of our stakeholders,
most importantly our customers. This is a pro-consumer merger of two smaller
airlines that will bring new low-fare competition, industry-leading service and
innovative product offerings for the customers we serve.

And unfortunately what I have just shared is the extent of
the comments that we are going to be able to make this morning about the review
process. As we prepare for the merger there are two things our leadership team
is really focused on.

First, bringing together these two teams so everyone is
aligned, motivated and working on the same things -- or pulling together in
other words. And doing this well lays the groundwork for number two, which is
achieving the synergies of the deal which, based on everything we have seen to
date, we feel confident about doing.

Ben Minicucci and his team have been working hard on
integration planning and Ben and others will be happy to share details of the
planning work during the Q&A. And as a reminder, this combination
ultimately positions us as the fifth-largest airline in the country, an airline
with a national footprint and an unmatched ability to serve West Coast
travelers.

And with that I would like to turn the focus of this call
back to our standalone business and our Q3 performance. It is football season
and we are all cheering on the Seahawks and our other CFO, Russell Wilson. One
of the things the Seahawks do well to stick to their game plan and I'm really
proud of our folks for sticking to our game plan during our busiest summer yet.

A big part of Alaska's success is built on being safe, on
being on time and on taking great care of our customers. Our team flat
delivered during the third quarter. Let me start with safety.

You have heard us say that safety is our number one
priority. And last quarter we were the first airline to have our new safety
management system, or SMS, accepted by the FAA. This system, which the FAA is
mandating for all airlines, is the new way of monitoring, managing and
mitigating safety risk. And it is a project that we've been working on for
almost five years.

I'm really proud of the teams at Alaska and Horizon for
being the first airlines to have this in place. And again leading the industry
on this underscores our commitment to operating safely and to doing things
right.

Second, we continue to run a solid operation and in fact
this was one of our best quarters operationally ever. 89.1% of Alaska's flights
arrived on time during the quarter and we completed 99.8% of our flights. On a
year-to-date basis our on-time rate is 88.5% and we expect it will be the best
among the six largest carriers for the seventh year in a row.

Over at Horizon Dave and his team have been focused on
improving their operation and their efforts are paying off, as our
third-quarter performance went from 79.9% last year to 85.3% this year. This is
especially important as we continue to grow the regional side of the business
including the addition of new Embraer jets.

And third, our people are taking care of customers. Our
internal customer satisfaction score for the third quarter was 87.3%, our
highest score since we started tracking this back in 2007. This is a fantastic
achievement and I want to thank our employees for taking great care of our customers
over the summer.

And it's no surprise that how you treat people matters. We
are seeing the results as active members in our Mileage Plan have increased by
35% in the last two years and this in the face of intense competition in some
of our markets. Being safe, being on time and offering great service and low
fares are the key ingredients of our game plan, not only for customers but also
for our owners.

Looking at the most recent quarter, we expect our trailing
12-month ROIC of 24% and our third-quarter pretax margin of 27% will be among
the very best in the industry. These are strong results; you will hear more
from Andrew and Brandon next on the underlying actions that drove these
outcomes.

As I look to the future I'm very confident about our core business
and even more excited about the future when the Virgin America merger is
complete. A lot of people will say this but I really feel it is true at Alaska.
We have a fantastic group of people here who are working together and I want to
thank them for everything they are doing to make us the best airline that we
can possibly be for our customers. Now I will turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW HARRISON, EVP & CHIEV COMMERCIAL OFFICER, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Our third-quarter
revenue performance was solid with growth of 3.4% or $51.2 million. This
contrasts with the industry revenue contraction of approximately 2%. We were
able to sustain high load factors while increasing capacity at a rate more than
two times that of the industry.

Our PRASM change improved about 200 basis points from the
prior quarter and outperformed the industry by approximately 40 basis points
despite competitive capacity growing double-digits in our markets once again.
Looking at monthly trends, RASM was down by an average of 6.5% in both July and
August, yet it was up 0.5% in September.

Lower September growth and strong bookings within the month,
along with an improved close in yield trajectory contributed to the strong
performance during the shorter period. Our September load factor of 84.1% was
up 2.5 points year-over-year and while fares remain low they appear to be
stable and we are not seeing anything to suggest that this will not continue
into the fourth quarter.

Our underlying business remains sound and we expect to
continue our current momentum for several reasons. First, our revenue streams
continue to grow and diversify due to our growth. We started our trans-con
service 15 years ago in September of 2001 with one flight from Seattle to DCA.

Today we serve 15 cities in this region with 33 flights a
day and trans-con service now accounts for approximately 15% of our revenues
and a similar amount of our profits. We are continuing this growth with new
flights to Newark from Portland, San Diego, San Jose and a third daily
departure from Seattle.

And here is a little fun fact. If you combined our network
with Virgin America we would have up to 31 flights a day to the New York City
area alone.

Second, we added Embraer 175s into our fleet a year ago and
this has been a fantastic aircraft for reaching markets in the mid-continent
which were too far for the Q400 and to thin for the 737. We have rapidly grown
the number of markets served by the Embraer to 29. These aircraft are
delivering the results we'd hoped for as they are creating new and profitable
revenue streams, supporting our mainline growth and providing greater nonstop
convenience for our customers.

Even though many of our Embraer 175 markets are still
maturing, in aggregate they are profitable and already earning their cost of
capital. We take delivery of 18 175s next year.

Third, this growth is buttressed by the loyalty we enjoy
from our members. We believe we have the most generous and far-reaching loyalty
program in the industry. Members in our credit card portfolio grew 11.5% for
the quarter with retail spend on the portfolio outpacing this membership
growth. And additionally, our frequent flyer members grew 10%.

And fourth, our growth is enabled by offering low fares. In
some recent analysis we conducted we found Alaska's one-way fares were more
than $40, or 23%, lower than each of the three network carriers on a
system-wide [stage length] adjusted basis. Our low fares are enabled by our low
costs. We remain focused on bringing these low fares to our customers and
maintaining the cost advantage that enables these fares.

I want to move to the fourth quarter now. Our Q4 growth will
slow substantially to just over 3%. This brings our full-year capacity growth
to about 8.5%, in line with our previous guidance. However, our competitive
capacity is expected to stay elevated for the remainder of the year at about
10%.

While we expect close-in booking strengths we have seen in
September to carry through to the fourth quarter, December is expected to be
softer than October and November on a relative basis as both Christmas and New
Years fall on a weekend this year compressing the holiday travel season. We
estimate this will lower PRASM for the quarter by about half a point.

I also want to update you on the progress we are making on
our premium class product. We expect to complete the conversion of all 61
737-800s by year end. We will start selling tickets for premium class in early
November with travel starting January 5, 2017. As a reminder, we expect this to
add approximately $50 million in revenue next year and achieve $85 million
annual run rate by the end of 2018.

With that I would like to touch on 2017. On a standalone
basis, that is excluding any impact from the acquisition of Virgin America, we
expect our growth to slow by about 150 basis points versus this year to
slightly more than 7%. This growth comprises approximately 2 points from longer
stage length and 1 point from the annualization of markets we already launched
in 2016.

As we look at published schedules we expect Q1 2017
competitive capacity to come down slightly to 9% in our markets, still elevated
but a nice change from the double-digit increases we have been seeing for quite
a while.

As we enter the last quarter of the year and look to 2017 we
remain confident in our business. We are operating well, fundamentals in the
economies we serve are strong; our loyal customer base continues to grow and we
continue to add new and profitable revenue streams to our portfolio.

Like everyone else at Alaska, the rest of my commercial team
and I are excited about the opportunity that Virgin America presents for our
business, which will allow us to accelerate our growth while bringing low fares
to more customers and strong returns for our shareholders. With that I will
turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON PEDERSEN, CFO & EVP OF FINANCE, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everybody. We are pleased to
report another very strong quarter financially punctuated by the 2% increase in
earnings per share. Even though net profit declined very slightly, we are
benefiting from the significant share repurchases that we have made since the
end of the third quarter of last year.

As Andrew said, revenues grew by more than 3% and, although
our nonfuel costs grew by nearly 10%, we were nonetheless pleased with our cost
performance. Our nonfuel unit costs were up 1.6%, but that was lower than we
initially expected for the quarter. We remain on track to have a full-year unit
cost reduction of about 0.5% which would make this the seventh straight year of
unit cost reduction.

Andrew offered some early guidance on next year's growth,
but we aren't yet able to share initial 2017 unit cost guidance. Our leaders
are busy compiling budgets right now. Folks across both Alaska and Horizon
recognize that low-costs create an important competitive advantage over higher
cost legacy carriers and are required for us to grow. We are planning to
provide 2017 cost guidance on our fourth-quarter call.

And speaking of guidance, I want to remind everyone that we
are taking a little different approach this year by having our Investor Day in
March. We are looking forward to sharing much more with you about our post
merger plans at that time.

Our earnings benefited less -- from less of a tailwind of
lower fuel prices than in Q1 or Q2. Economic fuel costs declined by $18 million
this quarter where the year-over-year declines in Q1 and Q2 were more than
three times that amount. With oil prices now over $50 a barrel, it is worth
mentioning the improving efficiency of our fleet that will help offset rising
fuel costs.

ASMs per gallon improved by another 2% this quarter because
of the ongoing retirement of the 737-400s and the addition of fuel efficient
900ERs. In fact, we've taken delivery of 21 737-900ERs since the end of the
third quarter of last year. And our mainline efficiency should just continue to
get better as we finish retiring the 400s and add another 13 900ERs by the end
of 2017.

As we told you before, these new aircraft are 37 seats
larger, they are more comfortable, they are more reliable and sip fuel like a
Prius with wings. A 900ER burns less than 910 gallons per flight compared to
940 gallons per flight hour burned by the smaller 737-400.

Turning to the balance sheet. You might have noticed that we
ended the quarter with more than $3.2 billion of cash. That total includes more
than $1.5 billion that we'd raised at quarter end to fund the Virgin America
acquisition. At this point we are fully prepared to close the deal once we have
DOJ approval. Our treasury and legal teams did an incredible job putting all
this together and I want to extend a huge thanks to both of them.

We are using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt and our
weighted average interest rate on this new money currently stands at 2.37%.
Even after the financing, we still have more than 40 unencumbered Boeing 737
aircraft including 20 next-generation 800s and 900ERs. The borrowing rate and
the fact that we have so much remaining collateral are both a testament to the
great balance sheet that we have built and the incredible amount of cash flow
we have been able to generate over the last five years.

Cash flow from operations for the first nine months of the
year was $1.2 billion, about flat compared to the first nine months of last
year. Year to date CapEx is just over $500 million resulting in about $700
million of free cash flow. We expect full year CapEx to now be $680 million,
down slightly from prior guidance. There are two drivers.

First, we elected to defer our first 737 MAX aircraft from
the fall of 2017 to early 2018. The MAX will be a great airplane for Alaska
with its extra range and lower fuel burned, but with so much going on we wanted
a bit more time to bring it into service. We want to thank Boeing for
accommodating our request.

And second, we have lowered our estimate of non-aircraft
spending as certain projects have shifted to the right. Looking forward and as
we told you last quarter, we are planning for 2017 CapEx to be about $1.1
billion, which of course is current Air Group only.

Andrew and I have thrown out a lot of information on fleet
changes, so I thought I might recap. On the mainline side, in 2016 we are
adding a total of 19 new aircraft and retiring 10. And in 2017 we are adding 12
new aircraft and retiring 16, which is the rest of the 737-400 fleet.

On the regional side we will take delivery of our first 13
E175 jets into the Horizon fleet - and by the way, I want to recognize the
Horizon team that is working on entry into service - and we will add another
five through our capacity purchase arrangement with SkyWest.

We are very pleased with the strong results, both
operational and financial, and our people should celebrate the great summer we
had. We are mindful that there is a lot going on, a lot of hard work lies ahead
and we need to keep executing on the things that continue to make us
successful. And with that let's go to questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOC.: Just a quick
follow-up on the Virgin comment you made, Brandon. Is everything then lined up
as soon as you get approval you can close? Or are there kind of non-financing
steps that need to happen? And if you get too close to the holidays then this
[could] get pushed out into 2017?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Savi, it is Brandon. We are good to go
from a financing perspective. But I might turn it over to Kyle to just touch on
the other process things.

KYLE LEVINE, VP, GENERAL COUNSEL, CHIEF ETHICS &
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Hey, Savi, good morning. Yes, as
things currently stand, as soon as we get DOJ clearance and have the financing
all set up, we are good to go.

SAVI SYTH: Okay, that is great. And then on the Horizon
front, just wondering with the -- if that's kind of middle of next year. And
how should we think about, is there going to be some kind of transaction
introduction expenses around that as we think about 2017?

DAVID CAMPBELL, PRESIDENT & CEO OF HORIZON AIR, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: Savi, on the Horizon front, you are talking about the
introduction of the E175s?

SAVI SYTH: Exactly.

DAVID CAMPBELL: ^ Yes, so, the plan we have right now is
we'll take the first aircraft in in March of next year, we will hope to be in
service by May 1. We have committed all of our manuals to the FAA with the
exception of one. So far the feedback from the FAA is very positive.

So I think we are pretty much on target and have no concerns
at all. Training and staffing for the pilots, that is going very, very well.
So, I think we are in a really, really good position overall (technical
difficulty) E175s.

SAVI SYTH: All right, great. Thanks. I will get back in the
queue.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Just on the Virgin
transaction, I have a high level question for you. Just given the various
headlines out there, how do we get comfortable that the full price you pay
doesn't get fuller and that synergies remain intact?

BRAD TILDEN: Rajeev, it is Brad. This is a hard deal, but I
think the bottom line on this is we actually have said what we are going to say
about it. I think everyone on the call is familiar with the M&A process in
our country and we are going through that process.

And what we have said is that we are extremely confident
that the deal will get done and we are also very confident that we are going to
realize the synergies that we have talked about. But that is actually the limit
of what we can talk about on the call today, unfortunately.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. That is okay, I know it is a tough
question to answer. A related question, if I could maybe just explore sort of a
Plan B in the event that the deal doesn't go through for whatever reason. What
would you then do with the $3 billion or so of cash that you have got sitting
on your balance sheet?

BRAD TILDEN: Again, Rajeev, I just don't think we can go
there. But I do respect you for trying and thanks very much. We have actually
just said what we can say about the process.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay, no worries. Thanks.

OPERATOR: Julie Yates, Credit Suisse.

JULIE YATES, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: A question on the
growth cadence for 2017. Any color you guys could provide? I imagine you will
be starting below the 7% in Q1 and ending above in Q4?

ANDREW HARRISON: Julie, it is Andrew. At this time, because
we normally have an Investor Day in November, we are just giving high-level
guidance for growth today at about 7% for next year. To your point, we start
lower as we come into the first quarter. But as we move through the year and
come to Investor Day we will give you quarter-by-quarter guidance.

JULIE YATES: Okay, great. And then, Andrew, you mentioned
competitive capacity remaining elevated but around 10% in Q4. I think last you told
us it was 12%. So I assuming things are looking a bit better. Is that correct?

ANDREW HARRISON: Yes, I don't want to celebrate too early,
but in the third quarter competitive capacity was up 13%, fourth quarter 10%.
As we mentioned, 9% in the first quarter. But as the bookings sit today, the
booking schedule, it is only up 1% in the second quarter. So that is going to
be very good.

BRAD TILDEN: Julie, it has been a long time since we have
seen numbers like that in our markets, obviously.

JULIE YATES: That is great news. Okay, great. Thanks so
much.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: So, Brad, you talked
about -- I think it was one of the first things you said about people are
asking you about long-term margins. And you said they are going to be better
than everybody else but you didn't give a number.

If I were to think about the average pretax margins you guys
did in 2012, 2013 and 2014 it was about 14% pretax. So is that a good sort of
all else equal guidepost to how to think about long-term margins? Or will it be
a little bit lower than that given some likely dilution from Virgin? You can
answer this standalone or pro forma, however you want.

BRAD TILDEN: Yes, yes. I think -- this is the place where we
are all speculating, Hunter. You guys probably have a better view of what is
going to happen with long-term margins in our industry than we do. But we do
look at other industries, we look at other high-quality industrials. We look at
sort of gaps that people are earning over their cost of capital.

And so I think the industry, you would hope that as we
settle down and have capacity control and have consolidation that we settle
into a place where we are earning as an industry margins that are several
hundred points above our cost of capital. And then what we are saying is Alaska
should be about that, that is sort of how we see ourselves. That is what we
want to do.

How you do that math, I don't think I want to be the one --
I think I have told you what we know and one of the things we have always done
is try to talk about what we know and not talk about what we don't know. So I
think that is where I might leave it.

As to Virgin just to be really candid, yes, the two
together, we are not issuing one new share for this acquisition. So, any profit
that they bring into the Company is accretive to our profit. But I think you
have seen the math. Virgin's historical margins are lower than Alaska, so I
would expect that our companywide margins will dilute a little bit.

And, Brandon, I can't remember the exact numbers, but it is
not huge. Once the synergies are realized it is not a significant decrease as I
recall.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: In the margin percentage.

BRAD TILDEN: In the margin percentage.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes. Once the synergies are realized and
then obviously we need to have Virgin's actual numbers for this year in the
next to know that with certainty.

HUNTER KEAY: Yes, right, okay. Cool. And then what is on the
table in terms of -- assuming this deal gets done, how do you guys think about
communicating with the Street? You have been pretty consistent over the last
seven, eight years about not giving RASM guidance, not giving margin guidance.
I think the stability of your earnings are better than most.

Have you ever considered talking about -- I know we talked
about this a few months ago about long-term RASM guidance. But are you guys
giving any thought to how you want to think about communicating financial
guidance in general once the deal closes? Particularly giving something like
annual EPS guidance like a lot of high-quality industrial companies do so you
can prove (laughter)?

Right, I mean like it fits -- I am serious, right, like you
can prove that if you give me a range and you hit it year after year your
multiple will go higher. If you believe that fuel and fares are correlated, for
example, you should be able to hit a range of EPS. So as you think about this
are you giving thought to how you communicate guidance longer-term in general,
not just RASM but guidance in general?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, Hunter, we are thinking about it.
What I will tell you is we were on the cusp of giving a lot more
forward-looking disclosure and then we went and did the deal with Virgin. And
so, we are not going to do that right now. And what I would say is I recognize
that that is what good high-quality industrials do. I would love to get there
at some point.

What I will tell you is that the reality of putting business
A together with business B we are going to have numbers that are unfamiliar to
us for a while. And I think what we will do is we will wait until we get more
familiar with those numbers and we'll get really confident on what the comps
look like from our own perspective. And then once we are confident with that we
will start giving more to you guys.

HUNTER KEAY: All right, yes, that is cool. Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Andrew, just kind
of looking at the competitive capacity again, if you look at the composition of
the growth it has changed a lot over the past 18 months; it was a lot more
coming from Delta, now it seems to be American and Spirit.

So just -- can you just speak to conceptually kind of what
that means for you guys from a PRASM standpoint? Is it better for you? I would
imagine it is that the growth is coming from American and Spirit rather than
Delta or is that not the case?

ANDREW HARRISON: Joe, the numbers we give you are sort of --
they are weighted to us, so I think you can just -- 1% is 1% versus 9%. At the
end of the day we compete with everybody. Each competitor comes with their
different flavor. But at the end of the day as it relates to that, from my
perspective, competitive capacity is competitive capacity on our network. And
we just continue to deal with that irrespective of who it is.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. And then, Brandon, you mentioned
mainline fuel efficiency potentially getting better next year. I mean can you
put a finer point on that? Should we think mainline ASMs per gallon up like 3%
or 4% or just kind of in-line with what you guys have done the past couple
years?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, I don't have a number of the top of
my head, but if I had to guess I would say it is probably what we have done
over the last couple years. We have been on this course of phasing out the 400s
now for a few years. Next year, as I said, the last 10 go out.

So I think it is probably pretty consistent with what we
would expect to see again on an Alaska only basis. As we look ahead to the
merger, Virgin America does enjoy very high fuel efficiency as well, and so the
combined entity should be just as well positioned.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Great, thank you very much.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: When the merger was
announced you talked about re-deleveraging. And I am wondering as you have dug
deeper into the integration planning process, have you established any timing
or sort of annual progress that you hope to make in that regard?

I mean is it a five-year goal to return to where you
currently are premerger or where you were in March or some other time frame? Is
there some annual number in terms of how much you would like to -- how many
turns of leverage you might want to decline, anything like that?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Hi, Jamie, it is Brandon, good morning.
Maybe I will start and then Ben can tell you about the integration progress
that we are making. We have modeled the re-deleveraging that we talked about.
And when we come out of the gates we should have debt to cap right 59%-60%. And
-- but our goal would be -- would be to get down into the mid-40%s within say
three years or so. That is obviously dependent on the economic environment.

But if we do it right that is where we will be. And then I
think we will stay there for a while. I think we like leverage in the mid --
low to mid-40% range. I don't see us going back down to 28% like we were pre
deal. But I think we can get there quick. And at that level we will have a
balance sheet that looks a lot like another -- or other high-quality
industrials and it will look very favorable compared to other carriers in the
industry.

JAMIE BAKER: Very helpful, I appreciate that. Second
question, and this is not uniquely tied to merger specifics or negotiations, so
hopefully you will choose to answer. Can you assure us that you have at least
identified the terms under which you would not do the deal?

And the reason I ask is that I am just trying to assess
whether the goal here is to get the deal done and give up as little as
possible, which makes sense. Or get the deal done only if you can assure that
-- pick a metric -- ROIC remains above X. I mean have you established a floor
internally? Not asking you what the floor is, just trying to dig into the
thought process here.

BRAD TILDEN: Yes, Jamie, it is Brad. I think what we will
say is that we have always run this business for the long term. We think about
what is going to be good for all of the people that depend on this place over
the long term, for customers, for our employees, for all of you, for the owners
of the business. And that that is the mindset we are taking is we have this
conversation with the Justice Department.

So we are pushing. There are some things that we feel are
important to our future success and our ability to do good things for customers.
And that is what is motivating us here. And I will just say we do have a pretty
strong internal compass about what has worked for us and what will work for us
in the future. So, if that is an answer to your question, there you have it.
But there is just not a lot more that we can say about (multiple speakers).

JAMIE BAKER: No, that will suffice. And if I could just
sneak in a housekeeping question and it's I guess somewhat reminiscent of what
Hunter was asking about in terms of guidance. Have you thought about how you
are going to be reporting post-merger?

Should we expect that you still break out regional and
mainline? Or is there an opportunity to just move everything into a
consolidated basis as you guide going forward? Any thoughts there or are we
just jumping too far ahead? I am just thinking about how do I rebuild my model.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes. It's all about you, Jamie (laughter).
What we will do is we will probably report regional and mainline I would say.
But until we have a single operating certificate, Virgin America and Alaska
Airline separate results would be available on Form 41 as well.

JAMIE BAKER: Yes, okay. Yes, makes sense. All right, I will
turn it over to somebody else. Thanks for taking my questions.

OPERATOR: Michael Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Just a follow up
on Jamie's question about, Brandon, where you would want to get to with respect
to debt to cap. If getting back to the low to mid 40s still didn't get back you
to an IG rating, would that be -- would that matter or is it at the very least
you want to do what you need to do in order to get back to the coveted
investment grade credit rating?

MARK ELIASEN, VP, FINANCE & TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Hey, Mike, this is Mark Eliasen. Maybe I will take a shot at that one.
First of all, we're not changing our principles and our principles got us to
the investment grade rating. And that is generating good cash flow, a
conservative balance sheet, running a good Company, good high-quality
industrial Company.

So we are going to get there and we are confident that the
rating agencies will come around when they see that and they know as well and
they will see that we are going to just revert back to our pattern.

One point I will make about the -- we are going to have
additional debt, but because the interest rate is quite a bit lower than what
we had before, our actual interest expense will be right in the range of what
we have had historically. So that is a good thing even though our leverage is a
little bit higher.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay, great. And then just a second
question, and this is probably -- I don't know if it is for Brad or Ben, but we
had the new -- I guess another phase from the DOT as it relates to consumer
protection legislation. And while there was kind of a lot of verbiage, a lot of
noise it seemed like that there were a couple things that are going to come
into play here and one of it has to do with the on-time performance.

And I am just curious, I mean I know that under the new
rules Horizon doesn't meet the new threshold, but it looks like it is likely
very close to the threshold. So maybe it is a 2017-2018 type event. But if you
were to include Horizon in with the Alaska numbers where would you stack up on
on-time completion, completion factor?

Like how would you compare -- and I realize you would
probably have to do that analysis for the other carriers, but does it enhance,
is it neutral or does it take away from the numbers?

BEN MINICUCCI, COO & PRESIDENT, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Hi, Mike, yes, that is a great question. In fact, and you guys would expect
that from me. I track that every day, Alaska, Horizon, and I actually track
every other carrier in the industry and how we stack up. And I will tell you
today as the combined Alaska and Horizon we would still lead the industry in
on-time and combined completion rate, hands down.

So Horizon -- I am looking forward to Horizon getting the
175, the more reliable airplane. And in fact we would include SkyWest in that
total as well. So I think it is a good thing what the DOT has done. I mean the
customer, when they book on an airline, they really don't distinguish whether
they are flying a regional airplane or a mainline airplane.

And it is our commitment it has been our philosophy all the
time here at Alaska that whether you fly mainline or regional we will look
after you like -- the same across all touch points.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: That is suitable helpful, Ben. Thank you.

DAVID CAMPBELL: Michael, this is David Campbell at Horizon.
(Multiple speakers) for a second. One of the things that we have turned our
attention towards is really [having] a clear focus on operational excellence.
We have seen a 7% improvement so far this year on DOT performance as far as
getting (inaudible) DOT on on-time performance as far as getting out of the
gate and we're seeing about a 5% improvement as far as on-time arrivals.

One of the challenges I think we have here in Seattle is
really dealing with ATC delays, but everything else that we can control we are
driving a much, much stronger process in place. So I am pretty excited about
the focus. I think you are going to see continued progress on performance from
Horizon.

I think the second piece of this, the E175 is such a
reliable great airplane that is going to actually help us a great deal as well.
So that is going to be a really good tool in our toolbox to really take care of
our customers.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Great, thanks, David. Thanks, everyone.

OPERATOR: Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS SECURITIES LLC: Andrew, is
there a further step up in the credit card economics in 2017?

ANDREW HARRISON: I'm sorry, Darryl, could you repeat that?

DARRYL GENOVESI: Right, I was asking if there is -- some of
your peers have announced that credit card deals that they have signed recently
have had a step up in the economics in year two as well. And I was wondering if
that was the case on the deal that you announced at your Investor Day last
year?

ANDREW HARRISON: I am going to look at Brandon here; we
don't normally disclose our contractual relationships with the bank. What I can
tell you is that we expect and will continue to see a continuous strengthening
of our economics through our credit card arrangement because we have got strong
growth both on the Boeing side and the loyalty.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, Darryl, it is Brandon. It does step
up through the term, although I don't remember off the top of my head whether
it is annually or if there is some years that we go flat for a year.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay, thanks for that. And then, Brandon,
you said you weren't ready to provide 2017 unit cost guidance yet, which is
understandable. But just wondering if you could highlight what some of the big
moving pieces are for us. I guess you have got the E175 introduction that has
been discussed. But is there anything else? I think you have got a mechanics
deal that is amendable and any other sort of big items that you would
highlight.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, you are right. We do have a mechanic
deal that is amendable on the Alaska side. We have what I would call a likely
increase in our pension expense just given returns and where rates are this
year. We won't know that amount until the end of the year.

I think it is possible that we might have a deal with the
OEM for a services agreement; we are still looking into that. So if that gets
done that would be a cost win for us, although that is really just a smoothing
arrangement over a longer term period. And then we do have a little bit of I
would say both cost and ASM headwind associated with premium class.

As Andrew shared, premium class is going to be awesome from
a margin perspective both dollars -- or from a dollars perspective on the
margin line. Although it does dilute ASMs a little bit and there is additional cost
of serving those premium class passengers. So those are kind of the big things
off the top of my head.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. And then if I could just squeeze one
last one in. When you retire the last 737 classic is there some sort of step
down in infrastructure spend or something associated with that in addition to
the fuel cost savings of no longer operating that airplane?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Yes, I will let Ben take that one.

BEN MINICUCCI: Well first, Darryl, we're going to have a
party when the last classic goes, at least the maintenance guys will. There
will be some -- we are investing in an Anchorage hanger. The Anchorage hanger
can only accommodate classics. We do need a bigger hanger up in the state of
Alaska to accommodate the larger NGs -- sites that we have tooling and spares
and parts for to maintain the rest of the fleet so we are solid there.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. All right, thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: So I have two
questions. One, you didn't really mention much about Hawaii. I was kind of
wondering if you could talk about the competitive capacity that is going on in
the market and what you are seeing there and whether there are plans to
increase capacity or not?

ANDREW HARRISON: Helane, it is Andrew. I would say I would
generally characterize Hawaii right now as stable. We have seen some capacity
increases in California, especially in the Bay area. But again, without going
into too much detail we feel very, very good about our Hawaii 26 plus flights a
day franchise and it is performing very, very well, very, very stable right
now.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. And then I think over the past couple
-- maybe last week or the week before there was some really bad weather in your
neck of the woods, which you don't normally see. So maybe you can talk about
the impact that would have on October results.

BRAD TILDEN: The weather, Helane, it has been -- yes, it was
-- we were expecting extremely high winds and rain. What I will tell you is
that we got some of it but it wasn't to the extent that we expected. We did
cancel just a handful of flights, maybe about 30 flights. We accommodated most
customers, we did that all in advance. So I can't tell you dollar amounts,
maybe I will ask Brandon.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I think it will be immaterial.

BRAD TILDEN: Yes, so, we came through it pretty -- we don't
get to see many of those storms, so hopefully it will be the last one we see in
a while.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. And then, Brandon, I noticed that the
CRJs are going away at the end of the year. Is there any impact we need to be
aware of from balance sheet perspective?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: No, there is just a couple left that are
flying or maybe one that is still flying. We have taken care of all of it from
a balance sheet perspective.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, thank you.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH: Andrew, taking a
step back I'm wondering if you can help us understand how codeshare agreements
work more broadly. There is a broad view that they are in the bit like a light
switch, you either have one or you don't, you turn them on, you turn them off.

And so the question here is just how do they really work?
What are the various components, how easy are they to customize it? And where
does the value really come from? Is it on the routes that you don't serve but
your partner does or is it on the markets that you both serve?

ANDREW HARRISON: Dan, good morning. That is a very good
question. I will keep it high level I think and I will just speak for a Alaska
Air Group. A couple of key things here that codeshare provide us. Firstly,
domestically we can connect into our partners' hubs in the middle of the
country and then connect our customers to anywhere in the rest of the country.

So firstly, these codeshare agreements domestically give us
a lot of ability to be able to get our passengers everywhere they need to go at
the times they need to go and give them plenty of choice of fares when they
need to go.

I think the other key component of that is also obviously
the loyalty side. So our customers can still accrue elite status in miles when
they fly on our partners' metal or on our own metal. And of course redemptions,
our customers want to redeem; 85% of our customers redeem on us still.

And then the last piece is really international. And the
international is really, really important. For our international partners we
provide huge value to help them fill their airplanes. I mean the statistics are
quite significant in our hubs especially on how many passengers we put on our
foreign flag friends.

But for Alaska customers it allows them to both redeem
globally 800 plus destinations globally as well as earn and redeem miles. So
overall I would say that these codeshare relationships provide great utility.
But at the end of the day, Alaska Air Group is built on its fundamental product
and the majority of customers, the majority of loyalty, the majority of revenue
is all based on Alaska Air Group's metal and what we do.

DAN MCKENZIE: If I could just kind of backup, Andrew just a
little bit there. How easy are they to customize them, to turn on or turn off
certain routes I guess number one? And then secondly, does the majority of the
value come from the markets that you don't serve or because I would presume
there is some markets that you jointly serve. I am just wondering if you could
just kind of help us understand a little bit further.

ANDREW HARRISON: So I think for mechanics it is very easy to
turn things on or off, we've just got to give notice to our customers to change
the booking schedule and not disrupt passengers. So we work very closely with
our partners. And there is no silver bullet on value.

In our Seattle hub it might come from connecting beyond some
international loyalty. In California where we are less prevalent or maybe even
in Los Angeles our partners give us a much fuller schedule and allow customers
where we don't have a whole lot of utility to still stay in the family and in
our program to travel on them.

I think loyalty, codeshare revenue, all of these things in
the portfolio, Dan, I -- honestly there is no one single area that it is more
important than the other. From my perspective at least.

DAN MCKENZIE: Understood. And then I guess secondly here,
Andrew, you mentioned the trans-con presence for Alaska and the rest of the
industry has gone to a lie flat seat in this segment. And I guess I am just
wondering what are your thoughts about this going forward just given the
acquisition of Virgin here. Does the more upscale approach make sense or is the
thought simply to maintain a density advantage?

BRAD TILDEN: Dan, it is a great question and that is a
project that we are working on right now. I think the point you are making is a
good one that an lot of carriers are moving to a certain number of lie flat
seats in certain markets. The other side of it is Alaska has got a
long-standing -- we are very proud of the low-cost, low-fare position that we
have.

And so, those are the two -- and there is also a simplicity
element in this thing. So those are the things that we are going to be
balancing as we think about this decision and I think you will hear us say more
about this in the next few months. But it is an open question, I think you know
the two sides of -- the two arguments for each side.

DAN MCKENZIE: Okay, thanks, guys.

LAVANYA SAREEN: Christina, we've got time for one more
question.

OPERATOR: Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH: Just maybe on the capacity growth side, I am a
little bit surprised by next year's level of growth given that you are having
pressure on the fuel side and you are going through this integration. Just any
thoughts on what got you comfortable with that? And given the changes in the
space that you've talked about, I know at Investor Day you had outlined maybe
getting to like an 85 ASMs per gallon level of fuel efficiency and if that is
still the thinking?

ANDREW HARRISON: Savi, maybe I will start with the first
part on capacity. So a couple of things. As you heard earlier, there is
obviously decent growth on the regional side of our business. And all the CRJs
going away that were 70 seats, we are going to 76 seats on the 175. So there is
some good growth there.

A lot of our growth is really trans-con and mid-con; 80% of
it was this quarter, 100% of it will be next quarter. We will give more detail
later on. But these are markets that we found to be very, very good for us and
adding a lot of new revenue.

As Brandon shared, these are high level estimates, again, as
we stand today. The Havana's, all the Newark's -- each of those were 1 point of
growth or 0.75 of a point of growth. So it is not hard to get to 7% already
with what we have already done. We will continue to monitor this and of course
with the new combined entity we will take a hard look at it.

But what we have seen to date is our growth has provided
good economics for this Company. And if these economic conditions and the
continuing strengthening of close in bookings in the environment are still
there next year we will continue on with our plan.

SAVI SYTH: Good point.

MARK ELIASEN: Hey, Savi, this is Mark. You talked about ASMs
per gallon, are we talking about an objective or a goal for Alaska?

SAVI SYTH: I thought at the Analyst Day you outlined like 85
-- reaching an 85 number.

MARK ELIASEN: Yes. So I can give you a couple of facts that
I just looked up. The 900ER gets about 92 seat miles per gallon right now in
our fleet. And the 800s are about 85. So as we phase out the 737-400s, as
Brandon mentioned, we should approach that number; we should be in the 80s.
That is going to be about 88% of our fleet will be those -- those very large
jets and they are great airplanes for us.

SAVI SYTH: Great, thanks.

OPERATOR: At this time I would like to turn the call over to
Brad Tilden.

BRAD TILDEN: All righty, thanks all of you for tuning in
today. We appreciate your questions and we look forward to chatting with you in
90 days time. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the forward-looking
statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 102016a6129540.740










 EXECUTIVES (90%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (87%); BANKING
& FINANCE REGULATION (77%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (75%); SECURITIES LAW (73%);
EARNINGS PER SHARE (71%); COMPANY PROFITS (71%); ETHICS (71%); REGULATORY
COMPLIANCE (71%); LAWYERS (57%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

UBS SECURITIES LLC (69%);

COWEN GROUP INC (69%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (58%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(57%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG
(56%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (56%);

VIRGIN AMERICA INC (53%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); COWN (NASDAQ) (69%); JPM (NYSE)
(58%); JPM (LSE) (58%); CSGN (SWX) (56%); CS (NYSE) (56%); DEUT (JSE) (56%);
DBK (FRA) (56%); DBK (BIT) (56%); DBETN (JSE) (56%); DB (NYSE) (56%); VA
(NASDAQ) (53%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); BANKING & FINANCE
REGULATION (77%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%); SECURITIES LAW (73%); LAWYERS (57%)










 UNITED STATES (79%)










 April 18, 2017




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

July
21, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 8678 words

Corporate Participants

* Lavanya Sareen

. - Managing Director, IR

* Brad Tilden

. - CEO

* Andrew Harrison

. - EVP & Chief Commercial
Officer

* Brandon Pedersen

. - CFO & EVP, Finance

* Shane Tackett

. - VP, Revenue Management

* Ben Minicucci

. - President & COO

* Kyle Levine

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP, Legal & General Counsel

* Mark Eliasen

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP, Finance & Treasurer

* Joe Sprague

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - SVP, Communications & External
Relations

Conference Call Participants

* Savi Syth

Raymond James - Analyst

* Joseph DeNardi

Stifel Nicolaus - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Julie Yates

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan Chase - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen and Company - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Catherine O'Brien

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Darryl Genovesi

UBS - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

Buckingham Research - Analyst

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning my name is Sally and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to
the Alaska Air Group second-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Today's call
is being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

.

All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background
noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session
for analysts and journalists. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now
like to turn the call over to Alaska Air Group's Managing Director of Investor
Relations, Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Sally and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for
Alaska Air Group's second-quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call today are
CEO, Brad Tilden, who will provide an overview of the business and share our
progress on the proposed acquisition of Virgin America. Our Chief Commercial
Officer, Andrew Harrison will share revenue results for the quarter followed by
Brandon Pedersen, our CFO, who will discuss our financial results, capital
allocation plans and outlook for the second half of 2016. Several members of
our senior management team are also on hand to help answer your questions.

As a reminder, our comments today will include
forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may differ
significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that could affect
our business can be found in our SEC filings. We will refer to certain non-GAAP
financial measures such as adjusted earnings and unit costs, excluding fuel. We
have provided a reconciliation between the most directly comparable GAAP and
non-GAAP measures in our earnings release.

In addition, today's call may be deemed a solicitation in
respect of Alaska Air Group's contemplated acquisition of Virgin America. The
information discussed today is qualified in its entirety about Virgin America's
definitive proxy statement that was filed with the SEC on June 20, along with
other relevant solicitation materials, which are all available on Virgin
America's investor relations page at ir.virginamerica.com.

And now that I have complied with our GC's request in completeness,
we will move to the results. This morning, Alaska Air Group reported a
second-quarter GAAP net profit of $260 million. Excluding the $6 million impact
of mark-to-market adjustments related to our fuel hedge portfolio and a $9
million impact associated with merger-related costs, Air Group recorded a
record adjusted net income of $263 million, up 14%.

Earnings per share grew by 20% to $2.12 per share.
Additional information about cost expectations, capacity plans, fuel hedging,
capital expenditures and other items can be found in our investor update
included in our Form 8-K issued this morning and available on our website at
AlaskaAir.com. Now I will turn the call over to Brad.

BRAD TILDEN, CEO, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Lavanya
and good morning, everybody. As we progress through 2016 and look forward to
the second half of the year, we know that investors have a lot on their minds
and the equity markets certainly reflect that. As you know, we try to stay
focused and concentrate our efforts here on building a fundamentally good
business. As we look ahead, we feel very good about our underlying business and
all of us here are very excited about the future.

The fundamentals of our business are strong. We are running
a great airline and we believe the merger with Virgin America is going to
create a very strong airline with reach across the entire country and with real
strength in originating traffic up and down the West Coast.

I will start off today by talking about the underlying
business and then share an update on the merger. First, we are operating safely
and on time. Our ops folks are doing an outstanding job and I want to thank
them. 88.7% of our flights arrived on time in the second quarter and we did
this with much less block time than the average airline, which is a credit to
how efficient and consistent we are on the ground. We expect this on-time
performance will lead the six largest domestic airlines. We also completed
99.8% of our flights in the second quarter, canceling on average only one
mainline flight per day.

Second, our employees are taking great care of our
customers. We spend a lot of time with our front-line employees building
alignment and talking with them about the sort of airline we want to be for our
customers. We are seeing substantial evidence that these investments are paying
off. Our customer satisfaction scores, which have been on a seven or eight-year
run, continue to improve. In fact, our score for the second quarter was the
highest second-quarter score ever.

And as you know, we also won our ninth consecutive J.D.
Power award for customer service during the quarter. We earned the highest
score of any airline included in the survey in each of the seven areas
measured, including a move from fourth place to first place for in-flight
service, which reflects investments we've made in food and beverage service,
in-flight entertainment, seating, seat power and bins. This award is fantastic
recognition for our employees and I want to congratulate them and thank them
for everything they are doing to make Alaska stand out in the eyes of our
customers.

Our model is based on building preference for our airline
and we build this preference with on-time operations, fantastic customer
service and of course low fares. This model has worked not only in the last
couple of years, but in the last 15 to 20 years. Since the first quarter of
2010, we've launched 100 new markets and we've outpaced industry revenue growth
by a factor of 3. This in the midst of one of the bigger competitive incursions
this industry has seen in years. This growth would not have been possible
without our mentality of continually reducing costs, which allows us to offer
customers low fares while still maintaining industry-leading margins.

Brandon is going to share more detail in a moment on what
the compounding effect of cost reductions since 2008 has meant to our financial
performance. But to give you a sense of how powerful a low cost structure is,
even if we adjusted our fuel prices to $2 a gallon, markets representing 97% of
our revenue for the last 12 months would still be profitable and it's important
to note that this is done with a full allocation of all costs.

This model is also delivering returns that are consistently
in excess of our cost of capital. In fact, our trailing 12-month ROIC of 25.9%
put us in the top 10% of all S&P 500 companies. Our successful growth shows
that providing customers with a high-value experience and low fares is a
winning formula, especially in the upper-end leisure and business segments, or
what we call the leisure market. This is a great platform for our future.
Combining our network, which has strength in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska,
with Virgin America's strength in California, we will be a very strong airline
with strength up and down the West Coast and of course we will have national
reach.

For example, in the future, we will have 25 flights a day to
New York City from 7 West Coast airports and 10 flights a day to Boston from 5
West Coast airports. We also see the increased choice and competition the
merger will provide as fundamentally good for consumers.

Speaking of bringing the two companies together, I want to
share a few thoughts around timing and the integration process. First, timing.
We have an agreement in place with the Justice Department concerning the timing
of their review and we are forecasting the close will occur in the fourth
quarter. When the deal closes, Virgin America will operate as a subsidiary of
Alaska Air Group until we achieve a single-operating certificate, which we
expect in the first quarter of 2018.

We are committed to making this a very successful
integration. During the post-close transition period, Ben will be the CEO of
Virgin America in addition to his role as President and COO of Alaska Airlines.
And Peter Hunt, who is currently Virgin America's CFO, will be its President
and responsible for day-to-day operations. Ben and Peter are proven leaders who
will do a great job leading Virgin America during this time. The integration
management office is up and running and is being led by [Tork Zubek].

While there is a lot of functional work going on behind the
scenes, I want to share a brief update with you on the key areas of culture,
labor and brand. Starting with culture, we know that when mergers don't
succeed, especially in our industry, often people, or in other words the
culture, is the culprit. This is an area where we are spending a lot of time.
Our high-level goal is simply to retain the best of Alaska Airlines and the
best of Virgin America and position the new combined company to be aligned, to
be bold and to grow successfully well into the future.

Moving to labor, we are meeting with labor leaders and
having positive discussions. We appreciate all the work the labor relations
team and our labor leaders are doing to make this a smooth integration and we
are optimistic that the process will go well.

And finally, I know a lot of you are curious about the
brand. And as we said before, the Alaska brand is staying. We're also doing
in-depth market research to better understand the elements of Virgin America's
product and brand that customers love most, especially in California. And we
expect to have a final decision on the brand in early 2017.

To summarize, whether we are talking about Alaska as it
stands today or the combined company post-merger, we are focused on the same
bedrock principles. First, we want to be safe and on time. Second, we want to
get the culture right and we want to build alignment with our people. Third, we
want to protect and grow our customer base. Fourth, we want to maintain our low
cost structure and low fares. And finally, we want to consistently generate the
level of returns that you expect from high-quality industrial companies. With
that, I will turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW HARRISON, EVP & CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad and good morning, everyone. Total second-quarter
revenue increased $57 million or 4%. This contrasts with the industry revenue
shrinking by about 2%. Over the past five years, our revenues have grown 35%,
outpacing the industry by 3 to 1. This growth has come with the strong returns
that resemble high-quality companies.

Our second-quarter PRASM was down 7.7%. We were very pleased
though that our unit revenue performance was within 150 basis points of the
industry notwithstanding the fact that we grew capacity by 11% with competitive
capacity growing 13%. We are also very pleased to see our load factors at 85%,
which was flat for the first time since the first quarter of 2013.

That said, close-in pricing has been showing weakness for
reasons you are already familiar with. While we are always mindful of the
environment we operate in, the fundamentals of Alaska are sound for several
reasons. First, we are offering a high-value product to customers at low fares.
Our low fares are enabled by low cost and have allowed us to grow profitably.
The 100 new markets Brad referenced earlier in aggregate are [running] margins
at system-average levels and represent approximately 20% of our annual
revenues.

I'm also pleased to announce that we just learned we've
received approval for four additional flights to Newark. We plan to launch
Portland and San Diego-Newark this November and then San Jose and a third
Seattle-Newark in March and May respectively.

Secondly, when speaking of offering options to our
customers, partnerships are key. Earlier in June, we launched a new mileage
plan partnership with Japan Airlines making it the third international partner
we've added in the last 12 months, Hainan and Iceland Air being the other two.
That brings our total partners to 17 and allows us to serve over 950
destinations worldwide.

A combination of greater reach and targeted promotion has
helped increase the number of our members flying on our international partners
by 32%. And here is an interesting fact. Our international partners, along with
American Airlines, on a combined basis account for 34% of all international
seats into the US. That's more than any one of the global alliances. We expect
the benefit of this offering to our customers to take a step change forward
with our acquisition of Virgin America. This acquisition will result in us
having a strong presence in the largest international West Coast gateways of
Los Angeles and San Francisco.

And lastly, membership in our frequent flyer program is up
11%, and our credit card portfolio grew by 12%, both outpacing passenger growth
in our network. Our loyalty program generated $200 million in cash for the
second quarter. That's an increase of 16%. We expect this growth to continue
given our card offering, which includes 30,000 bonus miles, annual companion
tickets, free bags, no international transactions fees, and the lowest annual
fees of any comparable airline card.

In addition, Costco, an iconic Pacific Northwest brand with
a strong West Coast presence, moved to exclusive acceptance of Visa cards at
its warehouses last month. It should come as no surprise that our customers
also shop at Costco for its great products and prices. We have seen spend on
our card increase significantly as a result.

Shifting our focus to the back half of the year, here are a
few things to be mindful of. We expect competitive capacity in our markets to
be up 13% in Q3 and 12% in Q4. That's about the same as we faced for more than
a year and a half now. As others make post-summer trims to their schedules,
competitive capacity has come down by 1 point in the third quarter and by 4
points for the fourth quarter since we last spoke to you in April.

Moving to Alaska's capacity, it will moderate significantly
as we move through the rest of the year. Our capacity will be up about 8% in
the third quarter and only 3% in the fourth quarter, which is a significant
reduction from the 12% we grew during the first half of the year. Our full-year
guidance sits at about 8.5%, which includes the Newark flight I just mentioned,
as well as Cuba.

In summary, the fundamentals of our underlying business are
strong. We are growing and diversifying revenues while continuing to build
brand loyalty. We have confidence in our business model to continue to grow
profitably and to earn strong returns for our owners. I am personally excited
about speaking with you next quarter as we expect to have closed on Virgin
America, which will begin the next chapter in our journey. And with that, I
will turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON PEDERSEN, CFO & EVP, FINANCE, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Andrew and good morning, everyone. It's a fabulous sunny morning
here in Seattle and it's great to be speaking with you today. As Brad said, Air
Group's adjusted net profit improved by 14% to $263 million and earnings per
share improved by more than 20%. Our pre-tax margin was a strong 28.4%. It grew
by 260 basis points and should be among the best in the domestic industry.

Trailing 12 ROIC grew by nearly 400 basis points to just
under 26%. On an adjusted pretax basis, we earned $424 million, an increase of
$54 million over the second quarter of last year. As Andrew said, revenues grew
by 4% or $57 million, a result that we are happy with considering aggregate
revenues across the S&P 500 are projected to shrink by 0.6 of 1% percent in
the second quarter. Fuel costs declined by $56 million and non-fuel costs
increased by about the same amount.

Our non-fuel unit cost performance in the quarter was really
strong with unit costs declining by 3.7%. We did see a shift in some of the
costs into the back half of the year, so our full-year guidance remains
unchanged at this point. We continue to believe that our model of high
productivity and low overhead is a winning combination to keep non-fuel costs
in check.

Passengers per FTE, our broadest measure of productivity,
improved by another 2.7% to 199, a new Q2 record for us. And it's working at
the division level too. I want to give a shout out to our flight ops team.
Pilot hard time this quarter was better than both budget and prior year.

We've been chipping away at our costs slowly each year going
back to 2009 and in fact, even back to 2003 and sometimes it helps to go up to
41,000 feet to look at the progress we've made. Recently, our FP&A team did
that and made a really important observation. If our ex-fuel unit costs had
grown in line with the rest of the industry instead of the gradual decline
we've seen each year since 2009, our pretax profit this year would be almost
$800 million lower. That translates to about $4 a share or more than $4 billion
of market cap at current multiples.

So while each individual year of a 0.5% or a 1% cost
reduction doesn't sound like a lot, the cumulative effect is enormous. Looking
forward, we will see the back side of that cost shift and currently expect
ex-fuel costs to be up about 3% in Q3 and up about 0.5% in Q4, which keeps our
full-year unit cost decline to about 0.5%, in line with prior guidance, as I
said.

Cash flow from operations for the first half of the year was
$900 million and we ended the June quarter with over $1.6 billion of cash on
hand. Adjusted for leases, we have a net cash position of approximately $700
million and our debt to cap sits at 25%. Our balance sheet is in the best shape
it's ever been and it positions us well for our planned merger with Virgin
America in the fourth quarter.

Our treasury team has now obtained committed financing for
the deal. Interest was very strong. We ended up oversubscribed and we were able
to partner with a diverse set of leading aviation lenders. I want to thank our
lenders for their partnership and support. We are finding that it's an
excellent time to raise money, market rates are at historic lows and spreads
for investment-grade secured loans are tight. Alaska's all-in interest rate
will be low. I want to complement our treasury and legal teams for doing such a
fabulous job in this process.

Air Group has built a reputation with both lenders and
investors as a conservatively managed company with a strong balance sheet and
that's not going to change. After we complete the transaction, we will still
have about 20 unencumbered next-gen Boeing 737s and we are going to return to
redeleveraging the balance sheet.

And speaking of fleet, we've taken delivery of 12 737-900ERs
so far this year and have 7 additional 900-ERs coming in the back half of the
year. As a reminder, many of these deliveries are replacements for older
737-400s.

During the quarter, we also exercised three options for
E-175s for delivery in 2017. This is not new capital. Instead, we've chosen to
buy them rather than lease them because we preferred the economics of owning.

We expect total CapEx for the year to be approximately $750
million, consistent with prior guidance. As a result of the three E-175
auctions I just talked about, our CapEx for 2017 ticks up slightly to just
above $1 billion. And again, this is not new capital in our plan.

As a reminder, we have two big fleet initiatives in process
-- full retirement of the 737-400s by the end of 2017, which will be good for
reliability, passenger comfort and costs; and the introduction of 33 E-175s
into the Horizon fleet, which will help us grow into longer, thinner markets
where we believe we have significant opportunity to expand profitably.

So far this year, we've generated $559 million of free cash
flow. We paused on the share repurchase program following the announcement of
our planned merger, but continue to pay a meaningful dividend, which is
currently yielding about 1.7%.

I agree with Andrew. Our business is humming along nicely
and we are taking advantage of profitable growth opportunities. The resulting
strong cash flow and our fortress balance sheet have positioned us well to
complete the planned merger and set us up for long-term success. Everyone
around the Company is working extra hard as we prepare to combine two great
airlines and I want to thank our 15,000 employees for their efforts, and
congratulate them once again on a record fabulous quarter. And with that, we
would like to open it up to questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES: I think Andrew mentioned
that there is close-in fare weakness and I wonder if you could just elaborate
on that a little bit, particularly maybe how it progressed through the quarter,
or if there were certain regions that you saw greater weakness. And maybe along
those lines, what the implications of your slowing capacity growth might be to
maybe help offset those trends?

ANDREW HARRISON: I will start off and Shane may have
something to add, but we are not experiencing anything materially different
than the industry, Savi, but what I will tell you is that our close-in bookings
from business volume is actually up. We still continue to see strong volume and
demand closer in.

Big picture, I think the industry is in a place where
there's been consolidation and there's new products like basic fares into the
marketplace and I think there is just some adjustments going along. But as
we've shared in our remarks, we feel very confident in how we are managing our
revenues and building this business. Shane, do you have any comment there?

SHANE TACKETT, VP, REVENUE MANAGEMENT, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Maybe I would just add in terms of the progression, I think we started to
see the close-in changes in pricing environment walk into the West Coast
somewhere around March and they've just progressively made their way through
the quarter, but nothing unexpected based on what we had seen going on in the
industry elsewhere.

SAVI SYTH: Thanks, Shane. And just a follow-up on that, so
it progressed since March. Is it continuing to deteriorate, or is it just now
that it's entered, it's just throughout?

SHANE TACKETT: More recently, it has felt more stable. It
feels like we are at where we are going to be. I couldn't really -- I don't
know what will happen in the near future, but nothing is getting worse
recently. It's been here for the last month or two.

SAVI SYTH: All right. Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI, ANALYST, STIFEL NICOLAUS: Andrew or Brandon,
I'm wondering if you can just talk about capacity. You are going to be coming
out of the year at a pretty low number. Does that continue into next year until
the deliveries come in? In the release, you give fleet count at the end of
2018. What does it look like in 2017? Just any color on capacity plans for next
year.

ANDREW HARRISON: I will start with capacity and let Brandon
touch on the fleet. You are right. In fact, the 3% in the fourth quarter, and I
think if you look into the (technical difficulty) schedule into the first
quarter, it's quite low. As I did share, we are going to have some very exciting
opportunities with some Newark opportunities and Cuba. But we are going to be
firming up, and as you know, we normally set our guidance for 2017 later in the
year, and of course with the proposed Virgin America acquisition, we are going
to be taking a long hard look at 2017 capacity. So for now, I would just say
that keep focused on the next few quarters. 2017 will be much more information
coming on that.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Joe, it's Brandon. Just to follow up on
the fleet question, we will end this year with 153 airplanes on the mainline,
as you see in the investor update. At the end of 2017, we will actually only
have one more at 154 based on what we see right now. A big delivery year next
year with 14 new 737-900s coming in. However, it's the year we finish returning
all the 737-400s. So net growth of one. We will have some gauge growth that we
can use for capacity growth, but on the fleet side, not much.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. And then, Brandon, just on the
dividend side, you've made it pretty clear that the buyback is probably going
to slow, but you've been pretty good about growing the dividend. Do you see
that as sustainable going forward even as the buyback comes down?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I do, yes. We've been saying for the last
couple of years we want to be known as a company that pays a consistent and
meaningful dividend, but also one that grows the dividend. I can't speak for
the Board right now, but that would be our intent.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Just given all the
pressures we've seen out there with the airline stocks and pricing and macro,
is it maybe causing you to take another look at Virgin and maybe you could just
walk through the out that you have to the extent that the extremes out there do
continue?

BRAD TILDEN: Rajeev, Thanks for the question. We continue to
be super excited about Virgin America. If we take ourselves back up to 35,000
feet or 41,000 feet, I think this business is actually a better business than
it was 5 or 10 years ago. We are very confident in our own company, our ability
to do well with the assets we have.

As you know, we've got real strength in Alaska, fly to 35
states and 115 cities, but real strength of originating traffic in Alaska,
Washington and Oregon. And then Virgin gives us California. So we try to not
focus too much on the short term on what's happening with PRASM and more think
about fundamentally what's going to happen in this industry over 5, 10, 15
years and all of us are just enormously excited about what we are going to do
bringing these two great companies together. So that's where our head is.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. Thanks. And then a quick question for
Andrew. Andrew, can you maybe provide on maybe a historical basis what the
impact is to RASM to the extent that you have a move in capacity that's 5
points or 10 points. I'm just trying to figure out maybe how to think about
pluses and minuses going forward just given that things are going to move a lot
on the supply side.

ANDREW HARRISON: Yes, I think it's been some time since
we've grown at this low a level, so I think you'd have to go back in history.
But I think the other dynamic that's going on too is just the change in the
competitive landscape. So I'm not sure history would be the best teller of the
future. I think right now the lower growth is going to be a good move for us in
the fourth quarter as we get ready and set our sights on 2017. That's the best
I can give you.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. At least I tried.

OPERATOR: Julie Yates, Credit Suisse.

JULIE YATES, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: First of all, I will
ask a question on labor. At what point do you guys begin engaging the pilots
for single contract negotiations and how long does that take in order -- do you
need to get to a single contract to recognize any of the synergies that you
guys have laid out?

BEN MINICUCCI, PRESIDENT & COO, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Good morning, Julie. This is Ben Minicucci. Those discussions are ongoing as we
speak, so we've engaged on our side, the Alaska side and the Virgin America
negotiating team and it will probably be a 12-month process at the minimum
before we get to some common labor agreements and common integrated seniority
list. And, yes, once it's combined, we will be able to extract more synergy
from that.

JULIE YATES: Okay, great. And then just a second one. You
guys mentioned an agreement with the DOJ around the close for the fourth
quarter. Is there any update following the second information request
(technical difficulty) over the next data points to look for what will really
be an approval decision?

KYLE LEVINE, VP, LEGAL & GENERAL COUNSEL, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Hey, Julie. This is Kyle. We are making great progress with the
second request and as we've said before, DOJ is looking really closely as we
expected. We are still really confident that we can close in Q4 and what's
going to come into focus for the Department, this is a great pro-consumer
combination.

As you'd expect, some of the things they are looking at
right now between now and the ultimate clearance date, if that does come, is
that route overlaps, great story there. We have only seven route overlaps and
of course they are really interested in our fare philosophies. That's a story
we love to tell as a low-fare high-value airline. So all said and done, we are
on track for a Q4 close and things are going well.

JULIE YATES: Great. Thanks so much.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN CHASE: Brad, you spoke at the
Wings Club about the potential for retaining the Virgin America brand as a
separate entity. Today, it sounds more like you are studying which aspects of
the brand you might want to retain. In the event that you were actually serious
about the possibility of keeping it separate, could you identify any
airline-within-an-airline construct anywhere in the world where margins
approach those of Alaska Air Group?

BRAD TILDEN: Jamie, thank you for the question. We've
actually thought about this quite a lot. I think we are not going to say a lot
more at this point about this consideration. I will just tell you what we are
doing is we are looking at a lot of data. We have built clean teams with Virgin
and Alaska. We are looking at what's attractive in California to customers
about the Virgin America offering. We are just trying to think about what might
be best for our Company going forward, and I just think the best thing for the
owners of this Company might be for us to do this work in quiet, quietly. And
then when we have something to say -- I don't think it's going to be all that
long. What we've said is first quarter 2017. When we actually have a viewpoint,
when we have a perspective on this, we will share it. So sorry to not give you
a better -- more information, but I just think that might be best for all
involved right now.

JAMIE BAKER: Yes, okay, okay. I will give you a chance to
make it up to me on my second question then. We will see if I get lucky. I know
that on paper the merger raises very few regulatory red flags, but I still can't
escape this nagging feeling that DOJ may prove susceptible to its own emotions
when it comes to the subject of airline M&A. In the event that the DOJ does
move to block or tries to extract some sort of concessions, do you walk or do
you fight?

KYLE LEVINE: I guess I would say neither. We entered this
contract expecting to enter a long marriage with Virgin America and our
position really wouldn't change even if DOJ challenges or acquires some
divestiture, which, by the way, just looking at precedent, I think that's
highly unlikely. Obviously, I can't speak for the department, but again we are
talking about a pro-consumer situation where there are seven overlap routes,
none touching a slot-constrained airport.

JAMIE BAKER: Yes, I definitely agree with everything on
paper. It's just -- it's maybe having been here before that led me to ask the
question, but I definitely appreciate the 1.5 answers that I got today. I will
pass it on to the next guy. Thanks so much, guys.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN AND COMPANY: Thank you for the
time here. My first question is can you share what the interest rate is on the
deal financing?

MARK ELIASEN, VP, FINANCE & TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Helane, this is Mark. What we can tell you is obviously we won't know the
exact rate until we close. What we can say is that margins are very tight and
you know that market rates are down, and as Brandon said, at historic low
levels. So what I can say is we will be comfortably below 3% and that's about
all the guidance I can give you right now.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then my
other question is actually on the income statement and the operating expense
line. And maybe, Brandon, this might be for you. Given that you've turned over
the fleet, why is your maintenance -- started to require order aircraft -- why
is the maintenance cost up 25% in the quarter? Was there something going on
last year that caused this increase to be so substantial this year?

UNIDENTIFIED COMPANY REPRESENTATIVE: Helane, this is
(inaudible); I will answer that one. Last year, you might recall, in the second
quarter of last year, we had some maintenance credits that were related to some
engine work we had done in previous periods, so we got all those credits and
recognized those last year. That was about $10 million. So when you look at it
year-over-year, if you take away that $10 million difference between the two
periods then maintenance normalizes quite a bit. So that's really the big difference.

HELANE BECKER: Okay, great. That's hugely helpful. Thank
you. Those are really my only questions. Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: So I get a little
frustrated when I hear airlines talking about PRASM as some sort of
short-term-only metric as if it's some sort of hedge fund-only thing that
matters and like long-only guys don't care about it because it's just not true.
This is going to be the fourth year where PRASM is basically down or flat or
something like that for you guys. And that's not sustainable.

Brandon, you talked about the compounding effect of CASM.
There's a compounding effect of PRASM too. So is there a thought to maybe
thinking about this as you reevaluate a whole lot of things post-merger,
whether it's guidance, conventions or long-term targets to maybe making PRASM a
long-term metric somehow? And by that I mean we are going to have a target of
roughly inflationary-like growth of PRASM plus or minus 200 basis points or something
like that because I don't know why PRASM has to be so short-term-oriented and I
feel like you guys might be in the position now to reevaluate things after the
merger closes to do something about that.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Maybe I will take that. I agree with you.
I don't know why there is so much focus on PRASM. What I would do if I were an
investor is I would focus on profit, and I think as you think about our
business going forward either as Alaska standalone or as a combined company, we
are going to make profit-maximizing decisions and some of that is going to come
from PRASM and some of that is going to come from CASM.

I think the danger in focusing just on PRASM is that you
don't know what happens in any particular market. You don't know what happens with
fuel prices and I think you are seeing a lot of that now. But at the end of the
day, it's really MASM that matters and profit on the bottom line and actual
cash that goes into your checking account that you can use to delever the
balance sheet and pay back debt and return capital to shareholders. So I agree
with you.

HUNTER KEAY: Brandon, I'm sorry to interrupt you, but I
think you misheard me. I'm saying the exact opposite, to be clear. I think
PRASM matters a lot because it's a proxy for pricing power and that is what
gets this group to [rerate].

BRAD TILDEN: I was going to jump on Brandon's answer as
well. I think you are making a great point and I think Brandon does agree with
you. If you look at this industry, 15 years ago, people didn't know what CASM
was. We started talking about CASM. Now every airline has three-year objectives
for CASM, two year, one year. We give really good and I think reliable guidance
on CASM. Then I would say it was roughly 10 years ago, ROIC came into focus and
we started talking about that.

I think you are giving us and other management teams a great
challenge. If you were to -- Andrew Harrison and Shane Tackett -- if you were
to give these guys a longer-term [message] to say what are you going to do for
the revenue side of the business, how would you construct that goal. As we've
thought about these things, they are hard questions and we looked at them and
gotten our head around, it was hard to start producing CASM objectives. But I
personally think you're giving us a good challenge and we should take that away
and think about it. We might come away a stronger airline if we had a way of
articulating our RASM objectives.

HUNTER KEAY: Yes. Okay. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.

OPERATOR: Michael Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

CATHERINE O'BRIEN, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: This is actually
Catherine O'Brien filling in for Mike. So I know you are announcing close-in
yield pressure on the West Coast, but last quarter you were actually seeing
strength in your corporate segment and I believe though that that corporate was
outpacing system revenue. I was just wondering has that trend continued into
the June quarter and if so, do you think you've been gaining share because of
your relative value proposition versus some of your network carrier
competitors?

JOE SPRAGUE, SVP, COMMUNICATIONS & EXTERNAL RELATIONS,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: This is Joe Sprague. Short answer is yes. For the
quarter just ended, we did see continuing strength in the corporate sector. In
fact, corporate customer activity was up both on flights and revenue, and
particularly here in Seattle really good growth from companies, the key local
corporations that we do business with here in the Seattle area.

And then just from a sector standpoint, I think some of the
underlying strength in addition to us delivering a great product to our
customers and our sales team really getting after it is the tech sector that we
benefit from here on the West Coast is doing especially well right now.

CATHERINE O'BRIEN: Okay. And what about your share? Have you
seen that go up in some of your home markets?

JOE SPRAGUE: Yes, yes, we have. In fact, share is up across
all of our key markets.

CATHERINE O'BRIEN: Okay. And if I could just ask one more
quick follow-up, I know you guys took a pause on the share repurchase program
this quarter, but should we expect any additional buybacks this year to hit
that $325 million target of dividends and share buybacks this year, or has that
target changed?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: No, you should not expect any additional share
buybacks this year. I think the target -- what was your number?

CATHERINE O'BRIEN: I think you guys said $325 million last
quarter.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: No, I think we include the share buybacks
that we did year-to-date plus the dividend payments that we would pay through
the rest of the year would be right at that level.

CATHERINE O'BRIEN: Okay, great. Thanks so much for the time.

OPERATOR: Darryl Genovesi, UBS.

DARRYL GENOVESI, ANALYST, UBS: Maybe I will start with one
for Andrew. Andrew, you had highlighted an outlook for 13% and 12% competitive
growth in the next two quarters and you had commented that that was similar to
what you had been seeing, but it looks like the mix changes a bit because most
of the competitive growth that you guys have been seeing has been from Delta,
which is building a connecting hub over Seattle, whereas the mix seems to be
moving away from Delta as we move into the end of the year.

So just wondering is that emphasis on perhaps a little bit
more of the local market by the competitors that are going to be growing in
Seattle and your other markets in the second half, does that put more pressure
on Alaska revenue perhaps than what you have been seeing?

ANDREW HARRISON: I think you are spot on with the mix and I
think really the competitive pressure we are seeing a little bit is some of the
network carriers, the hubs into Pacific Northwest and then to a much lesser
extent some of the ULCCs. So it's a little bit fragmented across various
markets that we compete in. At the end of the day, competitive capacity is
competitive capacity, but from our perspective, there's no real changes to the
dynamic to our network given the mix change.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. All right. Thanks for that. And then
maybe if I could a quick follow-up for Brandon. Brandon, I think we've seen
something like a 75 basis point compression in 10-year treasury yields this
year. I'm just looking at your 10-K where you disclosed a $128 million impact
to the pension deficit with every 50 basis point move in the discount rate. Is
that a good number to use on a prospective basis?

MARK ELIASEN: Darryl, this is Mark. I can just tell you that
rates have gone down. As we already mentioned, that's really going to help us
with the financing as we finance a $2 billion acquisition. So it will impact
the liability aspect of our pensions, but it really is what those rates end up
at year-end. We don't know what it'll be. They are already going back. I think
that they are already up about 20 basis points from where they ended up the
quarter. So not sure where they are going, but it will have any impact on the
liability, yes.

DARRYL GENOVESI: But the sensitivity should be roughly the
same as it would have been in 2015?

Mark Eliasen

Yes, it would be.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Okay. Thanks, Mark.

MARK ELIASEN: And I will just tell you that on the asset
side of the pensions, they are growing. And as you know, we were nearly fully
funded at year-end and we are still remaining about that status. So no big
story there for us.

DARRYL GENOVESI: Great. Thanks very much.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH: Andrew, you
talked about weakness in close-in yields and my question is I think somewhat
related to an earlier question, but -- yet demand is pretty good here. So I'm
wondering if you can just elaborate a little bit more on that. Is the weakness
in close-in yields just simply a function of competitive capacity? Is it more
of a spirit affect? Is it simply Alaska growing a little bit too fast to absorb
the demand? What really has to happen -- well, I guess you can't really talk
about pricing, but just wondered if you can just provide a little bit more
perspective on what's really been probably the biggest culprit for that from
your perspective?

ANDREW HARRISON: Dan, I think saying a whole lot more is
probably not helpful for anyone. I think fundamentally what I will share with
you is that we've seen are changes in what are traditionally fare fences and
just revenue management practices close in, and I think they are in some part
reaction to a change in dynamics of how people are flowing passengers across
their network across the country. There's certainly ULCC dynamics in here and
there are certainly new products being launched by some of the network
carriers. And I think when you put all that together, you're getting what you
are getting today.

And so I don't have a whole lot more insight than that, Dan.
But as Shane shared, we are managing it well. Because this stuff is close in,
we have no view what it would be in three months time because by definition
that's close in. We won't know until we are three months from now. So I know
that's probably only half of an answer of a half, but I apologize. But that's
what we are seeing. But we are not immune to what the rest of the industry is
seeing.

DAN MCKENZIE: I appreciate that. That was actually -- that
was helpful. And then, Brandon, I think what stood out to me in the earnings
release was mainline CASM ex-fuel of $0.0688, down 4% year-over-year. Obviously
that factors in some deferred expenses in the quarter, but given that some of
your key labor contracts are out of the way and just given your commentary of
walking your non-fuel CASM down a little each year, what goal, if any, do you
have with where that metric lands over the next year or two?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: It's really just to continue to drive it
down. We have a long streak of CASM reductions. I think this year will be 15
out of the last 16. As we close the acquisition with Virgin America in the fourth
quarter, everything resets, but the philosophy of the Company does not reset,
which is continuing to drive costs down so we can be more competitive, increase
the gap between us and the legacy carriers and offer low fares to our
customers.

DAN MCKENZIE: If I could squeeze one last one in here, just
following up on Jamie's question, just given the strength of Virgin's brand,
Brad, of course it's great to hear you talk about how strong the Alaska brand
is as well. So I'm wondering does it make sense to talk about it in terms of a
net promoter score, which seems to be at least one of the more definitive
measures of a company's brand? And if so, is it north or south of Google?

BRAD TILDEN: We like the net promoter score. I think we can
say that. What's your exact question?

DAN MCKENZIE: Just whether it makes sense to talk about the
brand in terms of a net promoter score, talking about that publicly because I
think there's a broad recognition that there is a very high correlation between
where that score sits and revenue production.

BRAD TILDEN: Yes. Dan, I don't think we want to say a lot
more about the brand, but I think I will say to you that we do like the net
promoter score, and over time here we've been measuring customer satisfaction.
We are thinking about relying more on net promoter score because I think it
does have a lot of validity. But I don't think we want to say more about the
brand today.

DAN MCKENZIE: Understood. Okay. Thanks for the time, guys.

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions). Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH: I'm just wondering, I think you are still on
track to start rolling out Preferred Class and if you could just remind us what
the timing of that will be, and especially a little bit more on how that might
ramp up through 2017 and maybe when we will start to see that benefiting the
earnings.

SHANE TACKETT: Thanks for the question. Yes, Premium Class
is the name that we are using to brand it and it is on track. We are still on
track to begin configuring aircraft in late September and so we will have I
think 60 aircraft done or 70 aircraft done by the end of the year. We did push
the date that we decided to presell the actual product from this summer to Q4.
There's just a lot going on right now and we wanted to pay attention to the
right things and make sure we delivered this really well when we get there in
Q4. So all of the economics are going to roll into 2017, but they will be up
and running by January and very consistent with what we had shared at Investor
Day some months ago.

SAVI SYTH: All right. So the benefit this year probably not
there, but you will have the run rate in 2017?

SHANE TACKETT: If we had a very di minimis amount.

ANDREW HARRISON: I think we had $5 million for this year.

SAVI SYTH: Got it. If I can quickly ask, just any update on
how demand is in the state of Alaska as well as Hawaii?

SHANE TACKETT: I can answer that. Without getting too
specific, demand has actually been very strong out of the state. It's grown in
line with the rest of our system. The state of Hawaii is also very strong,
especially out of the Pacific Northwest. And out of California, there's more
capacity in the Bay Area that Hawaii and a lot of it is being filled, so both
places continue to be fairly strong points for us on the network.

SAVI SYTH: Great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Joseph DeNardi, Stifel.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Thanks for the follow-up. Andrew, just on
the other revenue line, I think there's some noise there from the credit card
deal. Can you just speak to excluding that or once you annualize that what the
underlying growth in other revenue looks like and are you guys seeing any
headwind to take rates on bag fees or anything like that as you build out your
international partners? I think Virgin has actually spoken to as they've done
that that's been a little bit of a headwind for bag fees.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Maybe I will start with the first part and
Andrew can comment about ancillary. I would not call that noise at all. I would
call that actual real economics associated with our credit card deal, which are
fabulous. As you might recall, we had a new deal in the middle of last year so
we are seeing the annualization of that both on increase in rate and the strong
volumes that we are seeing. That should be basically done now in the second
quarter, maybe trickles a little bit into the third quarter. In terms of
ancillaries, Andrew?

ANDREW HARRISON: Yes. I think really the main thing on
ancillaries is really back to the card, as Brandon has said. The significant
growth in the card and the first bag free up to seven passengers, but that's
all been recouped in other places through the growth of the card, the economics
in this trend. So net-net, we expect our bag fees to be down year-over-year on
a per-passenger basis, but that's what we were hoping.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. Brandon, can you just speak to, as you
annualize that in third quarter, what the underlying growth in other revenue is
so we can model that effectively in third quarter?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: I don't have that off the top of my head,
Joe. Maybe we will get back to you on that one.

JOSEPH DENARDI: Okay. All right, thank you.

OPERATOR: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I will now turn
the call back over to Mr. Brad Tilden.

BRAD TILDEN: Thanks, everybody. We appreciate your interest
and your questions and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future replay at 

. You may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 072116a6051710.710










 EXECUTIVES (91%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); FINANCIAL
RESULTS (74%); CONFERENCES & CONVENTIONS (73%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (71%);
LAWYERS (69%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (84%);

COWEN GROUP INC (69%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG (56%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (56%);

VIRGIN AMERICA INC (52%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); JPM (NYSE) (84%); JPM (LSE) (84%);
COWN (NASDAQ) (69%); MS (NYSE) (58%); CSGN (SWX) (56%); CS (NYSE) (56%); DEUT
(JSE) (56%); DBK (FRA) (56%); DBK (BIT) (56%); DBETN (JSE) (56%); DB (NYSE)
(56%); VA (NASDAQ) (52%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%);
CORPORATE COUNSEL (71%); LAWYERS (69%)










 UNITED STATES (90%)










 July 23, 2016




FD
(Fair Disclosure) Wire

April
21, 2016 Thursday




Copyright
2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc.

All Rights Reserved







Copyright
2016 CCBN, Inc.

 10201 words

Corporate Participants

* Lavanya Sareen

. - Managing Director, IR

* Brad Tilden

. - President & CEO

* Andrew Harrison

. - EVP & Chief Commercial
Officer

* Brandon Pedersen

. - EVP, Finance & CFO

* Mark Eliasen

. - VP, Finance & Treasurer

* Joe Sprague

. - SVP, Communications and External
Relations

* Shane Tackett

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP, Revenue Management

* David Campbell

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - President & COO, Horizon Air

* Ben Minicucci

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - COO & EVP, Operations

* Kyle Levine

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - VP, Legal & General Counsel

* Chris Berry

Alaska Air Group, Inc. - Controller & Managing Director,
Accounting

Conference Call Participants

* Savi Syth

Raymond James & Associates - Analyst

* Rajeev Lalwani

Morgan Stanley - Analyst

* Michael Linenberg

Deutsche Bank - Analyst

* Hunter Keay

Wolfe Research - Analyst

* Helane Becker

Cowen Securities - Analyst

* Jamie Baker

JPMorgan - Analyst

* Julie Yates

Credit Suisse - Analyst

* David Fintzen

Barclays Capital - Analyst

* Dan McKenzie

Buckingham Research Group - Analyst

* Adam Hackel

Sterne Agee CRT - Analyst

* Tom Banse

KUOW Radio Seattle - Media

* Dominic Gates

The Seattle Times - Media

Presentation

OPERATOR: Good morning. My name is Sean and I will be your
conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the
Alaska Air Group first-quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Today's call is
being recorded and will be accessible for future playback at 

.

(Operator Instructions) Thank you. I'd now like to turn the
call over to Alaska Air Group's Managing Director of Investor Relations,
Lavanya Sareen.

LAVANYA SAREEN, MANAGING DIRECTOR, IR, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Sean. Morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Alaska
Air Group's first-quarter 2016 earnings call. On the call today our CEO Brad
Tilden will provide an overview of the business; our Chief Commercial Officer
Andrew Harrison will share the revenue results for the quarter; followed by
Brandon Pedersen, our CFO, who will discuss our financial results, capital
allocation plans, and outlook for 2016.

Several members of our senior management team are also on
hand to help answer your questions. As a reminder, our comments today will
include forward-looking statements regarding our future expectations, which may
differ significantly from actual results. Information on risk factors that
could affect our business can be found in our SEC filings.

We will refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures, such
as adjusted earnings and unit costs excluding fuel. We have provided a
reconciliation between the most directly comparable GAAP and non-GAAP measures
in our earnings release. In addition, today's call may be deemed a solicitation
in respect of Alaska Air Group's contemplated acquisition of Virgin America.
The information discussed today is qualified in its entirety by the proxy
statement that Virgin America will be filing in the future and that will be
available on Virgin America's investor relations page at ir. VirginAmerica.com.

All right, with that lengthy disclosure done, let's look at
results.

This morning Alaska Air Group reported a first-quarter GAAP
net profit of $184 million. Excluding the small impact of mark-to-market
adjustments related to our fuel hedge portfolio, Air Group reported a record
adjusted net income of $183 million. That's up 23%.

Earnings per share grew by 29.5% to $1.45 per share. The
higher growth rate in EPS is driven by over 7.3 million shares that we have
repurchased during the last 12 months. Additional information about cost
expectations, capacity plans, fuel hedging, capital expenditures, and other
items can be found in our investor update included in our Form 8-K issued this
morning and available on our website at AlaskaAir.com.

Now I will turn the call over to Brad.

BRAD TILDEN, PRESIDENT & CEO, ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.:
Thanks, Lavanya, and good morning, everyone. Before I jump to the results for
this quarter, I want to talk for a minute about our proposed acquisition of
Virgin America.

Virgin America and Alaska share similar philosophies about
building alignment with and taking care of our people and about putting
customers first. Both of us run strong operations. We're both recognized for
our terrific customer service, we both have a great onboard product, and we
have two of the youngest and most fuel-efficient fleets in the industry.

We're excited about bringing together two great airlines to
create an airline that will have a national footprint and one that we believe
will be the premier airline for people that live anywhere along the West Coast.

The next steps in the process involve a vote by Virgin
America's shareholders sometime in the second quarter and a review by the
Department of Justice. We believe this combination strengthens our two airlines
and enhances competition from the innovative and low-fare segment of the
market, so we are hoping for swift clearance to close, which could be at 60
days or less. Even if the DoJ decides that the deal warrants a closer look, we
hope to have clearance well before the end of the year.

In the meantime, we remain focused on execution and
integration planning. On that front, I want to share that Ben Minicucci, our
Chief Operating Officer, will be leading the charge on integration. He
understands operations very well and, while he drives hard for results, he
cares a lot about people. And that is the real key to success. We are all fully
invested in this, but we are also very excited to see Ben do great things with
this responsibility.

We're working hard to lay out the groundwork for a smooth
integration and part of that is making sure our standalone business is humming
along nicely, so let's talk about the business that our team of 15,000 people
is running today.

Lavanya just shared the numbers and it's evident that we are
performing well financially, but it's also important to note that the industry
as a whole is a lot healthier and producing strong results. What I'm really
proud of is that our team is continuously moving the ball forward. We're off to
a strong start in 2016 on almost every front.

Let's start with the operation. Our people continue to do a
great job of running a good operation. 87.5% of our mainline flights arrived on
time in the quarter and that's up 2.5 points from 2015, and I think Horizon's
on-time performance will be even higher than that. Our completion rate was
99.3%. We expect that both our mainline on-time performance and our completion
rate will lead the eight largest domestic airlines.

Now let's talk about customer service, which we believe is what
really differentiates airlines.

Our people are taking great care of our customers and
providing them an experience that is unique in this industry. Our customer
satisfaction rating of 86.3% is a new record for the first quarter and reflects
the time and effort spent by our team last year conducting customer service
workshops, which we call Beyond Service.

Our customers are rewarding us with their loyalty and voting
with their wallets, literally, by signing up for the Alaska Airlines credit
card. Both programs continue to grow at unprecedented rates and are providing
us loyal customers, which make our network growth more successful and more
profitable. Andrew will talk more about this in a moment.

Our growth is providing greater options to our customers and
generating strong returns for our owners. Our network team does a great job of
identifying demand and then matching that demand with the right amount of
capacity or supply. Sometimes this means getting out of routes that don't meet
our return targets, like LA to Vancouver; sometimes this means making small
refinements to the schedule; and sometimes it means tapping into new
opportunities.

We have added 41 new markets over the last two years and
five of them came in the most recent quarter. 41 markets in the aggregate are
not only profitable, but are producing fully-allocated returns that are
meaningful to our overall business and well above our cost of capital. What's
more remarkable is that the five markets added in the last quarter are already
profitable and three of them are producing returns that are higher than our
cost of capital. So our strategy is working.

Our folks are running a strong operation and taking care of
customers on board and on the ground. We are deploying capacity in markets
where we enjoy strong customer loyalty and our assets are producing returns
that exceed our cost of capital. And these returns are reflected in the numbers
that you saw this morning.

Now let's look at those numbers. Our net income for the
quarter was $183 million, which was 23% higher than 2015. When we factor in the
7.3 million shares we bought back over the last 12 months, our earnings per
share of $1.45 increased 29.5%. We expect this EPS growth to lead all but 36
companies in the S&P 500. In fact, our strong EPS growth stands in contrast
to the average company in the S&P 500 where earnings are expected to shrink
by 3.5%.

Our pretax margin grew by 260 basis points to 21.5%,
bringing our trailing 12-month pretax margin to 24.5%. We expect this to be one
of the best margins in the industry and we also expect it to lead about 80% of
the companies in the S&P 500.

Finally, our ROIC for the trailing 12 months of 25.6% is
more than 3 times our cost of capital and substantially higher than
high-quality industrials in the S&P 500.

As we look forward, our 15,000 employees are operating
safely and they are taking care of our customers and each other. Our core
business is strong and we're seeing robust demand for our product. As a result,
our business is producing the sort of returns that you should expect from
high-quality industrials.

I want to thank everybody here -- our very talented and
dedicated frontline employees, as well as a terrific leadership team -- all of
whom are working very hard to produce these strong results and just as
importantly to position us to continue to do so in the future.

With that I will turn the call over to Andrew.

ANDREW HARRISON, EVP & CHIEF COMMERCIAL OFFICER, ALASKA
AIR GROUP, INC.: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. Our first-quarter revenue
performance was solid, especially when compared to the industry. We grew
revenues by $78 million, or 6.1%, while industry revenues declined 1%. We were
able to achieve these revenue results in the face of 13% competitive (technical
difficulty).

Our load factors remained high, while growing our own
capacity 12.9%. Despite expanding capacity over 2 times the industry, our RASM
decline of 6.1% was within 50 basis points of the industry. Our growth is
enabling us to continue to offer our customers more destinations, grow our
revenues, and most importantly, grow a diverse and stable earnings stream.

Our strong business performance is a result of a number of
key drivers. First, adding new markets is giving our customers more nonstop
choices, as well as providing greater options for connecting passengers. In the
last 12 months we've added 23 new markets to our network. In retail parlance,
we are putting new products on the shelf and they are selling.

Second, we have new regional jets that enable us to provide
customers with nonstop service to destinations they previously could only
access via one or two stops. Seven of our 23 markets launched in the past 12
months were only made viable due to the introduction of the Embraer 175. This
aircraft delivers the trip costs and range to ensure longer [thin] markets can
be served profitably. We are excited about the possibilities of this aircraft
and Brandon will share a little more about our delivery stream in just a
minute.

Third, our costs have come down approximately 1% for the
12-month period ending March 2016, while we expect industry costs have risen by
about 3%. That is a net gap of 4 points in just one year. Our low costs are a
sustainable advantage, allowing us to offer low fares and enabling our growth.

Fourth, the combination of a reliable operation,
customer-friendly service, growing destinations, and low fares is helping us
continue to grow our loyalty customer base. Our loyalty program gives members
access to over 950 destinations worldwide.

We grew our active membership another 12% on the heels of
15.5% growth in 2015. Our base of loyalty members is actually 30% larger today
than it was two years ago. This is remarkable for a mature program, especially
in the face of vigorous competition.

And then lastly, with respect to the credit card accounts,
they are up over 12% for the quarter. That's the highest growth since 2010. In
addition, the revised economics of our newest credit card agreement is helping
our revenue performance. For the first quarter we are tracking ahead of plan
and on track to achieve our annual run rate of $60 million.

We expect our growth in cardmembers to remain strong because
come June 1 we will be able to go to market with new cardholder products we
negotiated with our new agreement. That includes 30,000 bonus miles on approval
-- that's an increase of 20% from today -- and a free bag. In addition, new and
existing members will no longer incur international transaction fees.

We believe that this is the best airline credit card
offering in the market, bar none.

As we shift our focus to the second quarter, I want to
highlight a few data points around capacity and demand. Let's start with
capacity.

Alaska's capacity will be up approximately 11% in the second
quarter. Almost half of that growth is driven by new markets we launched over
the last year and about a third is driven by the increase in our stage length.
Said another way, ASM growth from core departures will only contribute 2%,
which we believe is in line with the strength of the economy in the markets we
serve. We expect capacity growth in the second half of 2016 to slow down to
5.5% to 6.5%, which puts our expectation for the full-year capacity growth at
8%.

Moving to competitive outlook, we expect competitive
capacity to remain elevated through the summer, up 14% for Q2 and Q3. This is 1
point higher than competitive capacity in the first quarter. Also as reminder,
the shift of the Easter holiday to March is expected to reduce April PRASM by
about a point.

As we look ahead to the rest of 2016, we will continue to
grow our revenue base and deliver strong results. Here's why. First, over 90%
of our capacity is deployed in domestic markets. Nearly all US point-of-sale
and demand continues to remain solid.

Secondly, you might recall that 18 of the 21 new markets
added last year started in the last six months of 2015. So as we move through
this year, the percentage of our capacity in markets that have operated less
than 12 months drops from 5.5% in the first half of this year to 2.5% in the second
half of 2016.

Third, we expect to introduce premium class in September
with 75 aircraft in service by year-end. This will help with both revenue and
loyalty growth. While the contribution in 2016 is marginal, we expect premium
class to add about $85 million in annual profit by 2018.

In summary, we are running a solid operation, taking great
care of our customers. The first quarter saw us adding new aircraft, cities,
customers, loyalty members, revenue, and profit, all against the backdrop of an
industry that shrank revenue this quarter.

With that, I will turn the call over to Brandon.

BRANDON PEDERSEN, EVP, FINANCE & CFO, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Thanks, Andrew. As you heard, Air Group's adjusted net profit improved by
23% and EPS grew by 29% to $1.45 a share. Our trailing 12-month ROIC of 25.6%
was 550 basis points higher than at the end of this point last year.

On an adjusted pretax basis, we earned $290 million, a $50
million, or 21%, increase over prior year. Revenues grew by $78 million. Fuel
costs declined by $66 million, and those gains were offset by a $94 million
increase in nonfuel costs. This is the seventh consecutive year of
profitability in the seasonally-weak first quarter and profit has increased
steadily for each of those seven years.

Consolidated nonfuel unit costs were down 1.2%. The leaders
are doing a good job managing divisional costs to budget and hitting
productivity metrics. For example, our broadest measure of productivity,
passengers per FTE, is tracking at 1.8% better than plan on mainline, our
flight ops group is spot on their hard-time plan, and our maintenance division
productivity is tracking slightly ahead of plan. Just to name a few.

Our people understand how high productivity is an important
source of our cost advantage. For the second quarter we forecast unit costs, ex
fuel, to be down 1% and for the full year we now expect ex-fuel costs to
decline by 0.5%. There are three main drivers from the change from our initial
full-year guidance.

First, we've changed our performance-based pay, or PBP, plan
to increase the participation level for our supervisors and our managers. These
are incredibly important roles and our Board wanted to have their PBP
participation better reflect their level of responsibility. PBP has been, and continues
to be, a very strong driver of engagement among our employees.

Next, third-party regional expense was understated in our
initial guidance. The new guidance now properly reflects the increase in
SkyWest CPA flying costs through the year. And finally, new minimum wage
requirements in certain markets are having a greater impact than we initially
modeled. In addition, our results in Q1, and thus our full-year forecast,
includes some costs associated with our Virgin America deal.

Going forward, we will be excluding deal and integration
costs from our guidance since the timing and amount of these costs are
variable. We will also begin excluding them from our adjusted results.

Even with the revised cost guidance, 2016 will be the 14th
year out of the last 15 for mainline cost reduction and the seventh year in a
row for Air Group. As a result, our cost advantage over the legacy carriers
will further widen this year.

Turning to fuel, our economic fuel cost per gallon was
$1.29, down from $1.98 in Q1 of last year, which contributed to the $66 million
decline in economic fuel expense. Our fuel burn on an ASM per gallon basis
improved by another 1.8% since Q1 last year and will just continue to get
better as we work through the retirement of the 737-400 classics by the end of
2017 and replace them with 737-900ERs, which are 25% more fuel-efficient.

Our cash flow from operations was $527 million and we ended
the quarter with nearly $1.6 billion in cash. Even after adjusting for leases,
we're in a net cash position of almost $600 million. Our debt to cap, including
leases, now stands at 26%. Our net cash position, the 95 unencumbered aircraft
in our fleet, our investment-grade balance sheet, and our long track record of
conservative financial management put us in a strong position to raise the
capital necessary to fund the proposed acquisition of Virgin America.

Our treasury team is hard at work with potential lenders.
Initial results are very encouraging, both in terms of the number of and
diversity of lenders that will work with us.

Andrew mentioned the order for E175s. We're excited to add
this jet to the Horizon fleet and the profit opportunity that it opens up in
new markets. We're impressed with Embraer's commitment to working by our side
as the Horizon team incorporates the E175 efficiently into our operation.

We currently have seven SkyWest E175s operating in our
network and expect to have 15 by the end of the year. Horizon will start taking
delivery of the E175 in 2017. The Q400 will continue to fly our shorter routes
and Bombardier remains an important business partner of ours. In the mainline
operation, we took delivery of six 737-900ERs in the first quarter and we will
take another 13 by year-end.

On an Air Group standalone basis, we are currently expecting
CapEx to be approximately $750 million this year, which includes $685 million
of CapEx associated with firm orders and $70 million of CapEx for Boeing 737
options that we are likely to exercise. We've produced over $400 million of
free cash flow in the first quarter of 2016 alone, further strengthening our
balance sheet, while allowing us to continue to return capital to our owners.

Through yesterday we've repurchased a total of 2.1 million
shares for $161 million, or 1.7% of the shares outstanding as of the beginning
of the year. We also paid $34 million in dividends so far this year.

As we announced on April 4, planning to slow share
repurchases in order to help fund the acquisition. We expect total share
repurchases for 2016 to be between $190 million and $200 million. So when
combined with our dividend, which will continue and is currently yielding 1.4%,
we expect total return to shareholders to be about $325 million this year.

We are off to a great start in 2016, but we have much work
ahead as we go through the integration effort. Although there's a lot going on,
we are mindful that we need to remain focused on the core business. We're going
to maintain the same level of discipline and budget rigor so that we hit our
operational and financial goals.

I'm super-focused on the risk that we lose a bit of budget
discipline with the integration work and we are setting up controls now to
ensure that that does not happen. I want to thank everyone involved in the
integration in advance for the huge effort that they are about to undertake to
combine Alaska and Virgin America into the premier airline for people on the
West Coast.

With that, let's go to questions.

Questions and Answers

OPERATOR: (Operator Instructions) Savi Syth, Raymond James.

SAVI SYTH, ANALYST, RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES: Good
morning. Just on the CapEx front, we are seeing this step up in 2017 even
without the options. Wondering if you could provide a little bit more color as
we look over the next couple years on CapEx and the likelihood of those options.

And then also maybe on the funding side; I know there's $2
billion related to the acquisition. Are you planning to raise anymore debt
beyond that? And with the E175s any chance of the sale-leaseback or is that set
financing?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Savi, it's Brandon. Maybe I will start
with the first and Mark can take the second. In terms of CapEx, specifically
for 2017, if you look at our old guidance on the firm, it was about $620
million. Our new guidance on firm is $925 million. That change is about $300
million.

Nearly all of that is related to the E175 purchase. So if
you just look at those 30 firms, the way it staggers out is $40 million in
2016, $280 million in 2017, and roughly $250 million in 2018 and 2019. So the
big increase in CapEx is simply related to the regional jet order that we
placed.

MARK ELIASEN, VP, FINANCE & TREASURER, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Savi, this is Mark. Good morning. On the financing side we are going to
raise the $2 billion, as we talked about a couple weeks ago, and that process
is going very well. We're getting strong demand. We've got exceptional
collateral and it's a rare opportunity really for a lot of these lenders to
work with Alaska, because, as you know, we haven't been borrowing over the last
six or seven years.

Going forward, we're going to manage leverage in that 40% to
50% range and borrow for some aircraft and pay cash for some aircraft.

SAVI SYTH: Very helpful, thank you. Just for the second
question on the state of Alaska; I know there has been some concerns with the
budgetary cuts there and the oil and gas sector there that there might be some
demand impact. Can you talk about what you are seeing there and how that has
impacted demand?

JOE SPRAGUE, SVP, COMMUNICATIONS AND EXTERNAL RELATIONS,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Savi, this is Joe. If I screw this up, Andrew can
correct me on the demand, but I don't think we've seen anything really
appreciable up or down with respect to demand in the state of Alaska. We are
heading into the summer months and they are expecting a record summer for
tourism, so I think our numbers over the next few months are likely to be quite
strong.

But with respect to the oil and gas traffic, there's still a
fair bit of exploration activity happening on the North Slope and I think
things have been, more or less, steady.

SAVI SYTH: Very helpful, thank you.

OPERATOR: Rajeev Lalwani, Morgan Stanley.

RAJEEV LALWANI, ANALYST, MORGAN STANLEY: Thanks for the
time. I wanted to ask about just competitive capacity, I guess specifically
from the ULCCs. They have added some in recent weeks and months and I was just
curious to see how that has been playing out; if there's been just irrational
competition, if you will, or anything like that. That's the first question.

ANDREW HARRISON: Rajeev, it's Andrew. From our perspective,
the competitive capacity hasn't materially changed as it relates to the ULCCs
it's both in Portland and Seattle about eight departures a day. If you look at
our competitive capacity numbers, which we've been dealing with double-digit numbers
since the fourth quarter of 2014, over 70% of that is actually from the big
network carriers.

Again, we remain vigilant as it relates to competition, but
there's been no material changes for us since the last time we spoke.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Okay. But in terms of places where the ULCCs
have added, the pricing activity hasn't gotten out of control or hasn't been
incredibly weak with maybe legacies matching those sorts of low fares or
anything like that?

ANDREW HARRISON: I'll kick this over to Shane because we
have seen some pricing activities, but really more coming from the majors
versus anything else.

SHANE TACKETT, VP, REVENUE MANAGEMENT, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Yes, in Vegas and LA it's a little hard to say it's all due to the LCCs,
because there's been a lot of capacity from others coming into those markets.
They're full flights; the demand has been really strong.

There are lower prices in the market, but we haven't had to
use them a ton and so our goal is just to use as many of the discount prices as
we have to and get back into our structure. And we did a good job of that and
haven't been too concerned about what's going on in those two markets.

RAJEEV LALWANI: Great, I'll leave off there. Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Michael Linenberg, Deutsche Bank.

MICHAEL LINENBERG, ANALYST, DEUTSCHE BANK: Two questions
here. It looked like that Horizon's margin performance had declined March
quarter versus fourth quarter. And maybe I'm doing the numbers wrong here, but
it looked like you had like a 9% operating margin last quarter and it looked
like it actually went negative this quarter. Is that right or is there some
sort of one-off in the numbers that I'm missing?

DAVID CAMPBELL, PRESIDENT & COO, HORIZON AIR, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Michael, this is David Campbell. What you are seeing there is the
restructuring costs from our commit-to-compete exercise. We ended up with about
$7 million worth of costs up from severance paid from the reduction in force as
well as the signing bonuses. That's the bulk of the shift we've seen.

Operationally, the revenue I think is still very solid
there. We were down a little bit in terms of capacity. For the first two months
of the year we actually pulled down two lines of flying just to make sure we
had enough focus on taking care of our customers.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay, great. Thanks, David. My second
question, this is to Mark. Mark, when you mentioned the $2 billion of financing
and how there was a positive response from the market, you talked about -- you
mentioned exceptional collateral. Is the $2 billion financing that is being
used for the Virgin deal, is that all secured or are you going to look to do a
mix of secured and unsecured? What's going on there?

MARK ELIASEN: Mike, that's a great question. I would say
that it will be all secured. We are able to do unsecured, we just like the
pricing, frankly, better on the secured borrowing. The 737-800s and 900s that
we have are very new. We've got over 70 of those really desirable aircraft that
are unencumbered and it's just a great source of borrowing.

BRAD TILDEN: My comments to that is I've asked that question
to these guys several times, should we be doing some unsecured? And the pricing
does look attractive, but it's just not good enough to take you there instead
of to secured financing.

MARK ELIASEN: And we will be an unsecured borrower at some
point. Just for this transaction it made sense to use that collateral we have.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay, great. Is that just all -- is that
aircraft assets or would you consider --? I know you do have some slots at
airports like Reagan National and I'm sure you also probably have some hard
assets maybe you could potentially pledge. Or is it 100% aircraft?

MARK ELIASEN: This will be 100% aircraft. We do have a lot
of assets, but the aircraft is what will get us the lowest rate, frankly.

MICHAEL LINENBERG: Okay, great. Thank you.

OPERATOR: Hunter Keay, Wolfe Research.

HUNTER KEAY, ANALYST, WOLFE RESEARCH: Good morning. Andrew,
as we look at your own growth slowing and your competitor capacity growth I
don't know maybe slowing a little bit in the fourth quarter, is there a
scenario where Alaska actually starts outperforming the industry on RASM again
in the second half or towards the end of the year in sort of an all-else-equal
environment?

And let me give you an out if you don't want to answer it
that way. Is there a scenario where maybe the improvement in the rate of change
in PRASM actually moves faster than your capacity decelerates, for whatever
reason, as we move through the year?

ANDREW HARRISON: Thank you for taxing my intellectual
abilities here, Hunter. What I can tell you is that when we look at this, we do
still believe that really the pricing environment is somewhat connected to the
price of fuel today.

As you know, we don't give guidance that far out. What I
will tell you is that are book load factors are based -- they were flat in
March, they will be flat in April, and they will be flat in May. So we're
seeing good, solid demand as we come into the peak season for us.

HUNTER KEAY: Got it. All right, that's cool. And then, I
only want to ask two questions, so I'm going to ask sort of a loaded one.

Ben, can you talk to me about your plan of attack on
integration at a high level? Are you going to use be using consultants? And you
just thinking you will have some targets that maybe some targets that maybe
we're not going to see underneath the surface. As you ramp up the integration
process are you going to be more inclined to maybe slow the organic growth a
little bit?

Then also a separate question for Brad. Can you talk to us
about how the meetings went with DoJ?

BRAD TILDEN: We will get been to answer the first one and I
cannot talk to you because I wasn't in them, but we will get Kyle Levine -- we
will see if he is willing to say anything about the DoJ meetings. Go ahead.

BEN MINICUCCI, COO & EVP, OPERATIONS, ALASKA AIR GROUP,
INC.: Good morning, Hunter; it's Ben. I'm really excited so far at how we have
begun this integration process. At this point we have created the structure of
which -- how we're going to attack the integration. We are starting to fill the
structure with strong team members.

I have been down to San Francisco a couple times; I met with
their folks, so we've got a lot of strong momentum. I will tell you that we are
focused on and we are going to be disciplined at achieving the revenue and cost
synergies that we identified through our due diligence.

You know little bit about us, a little bit about me; we're
going to be extremely disciplined with metrics and scorecards as we drive this
thing through. But we're going to be also very sensitive to the cultural and
the brand issues that we have to bring together as well. So I am extremely
positive and optimistic we are going to do this well. Our goal is to do this
hopefully in a way that people can look back and say this is one of the best
integrations that has been executed in a long time.

HUNTER KEAY: Good.

KYLE LEVINE, VP, LEGAL & GENERAL COUNSEL, ALASKA AIR
GROUP, INC.: Hunter, this is Kyle. So as you know, the regulatory review
situation is just getting started, but what I will say is so far, so good. I'm
not going to presume to say what the DoJ is going to -- how they are going to
view it or what timing they are going to impose.

But I will tell you that they we're answering their
questions and we're working really hard to show them why we think this is such
a good combination for consumers and competition. We are hoping,
conservatively, that we're going to have closing before the end of the year.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Hunter, it's Brandon. Just I will add one
more thing. You asked about our use of consultants. Yes, we are going to use
some consultants, but one of the controls that I talked about in my prepared
remarks is how much we're going to use on consultants.

We're going to keep a very tight lid on that. The price
matters a lot. We want to build the talent internally and take ownership
internally, and so while there will be consultants, the budget for consultants
is going to be tightly controlled.

HUNTER KEAY: Thanks, Brandon.

OPERATOR: Helane Becker, Cowen and Company.

HELANE BECKER, ANALYST, COWEN SECURITIES: Thanks very much,
operator. Hi, guys. Thank you very much for taking my question.

One of the things that we are seeing a lot of here on the
East Coast is -- and we're seeing it in Seattle -- really increased security
lines. People having to wait more than maybe 20 minutes, up to an hour
sometimes, and I just wondering how you guys are thinking about handling that
as you go into the busy summer months.

Because Sea-Tac is pretty close to full capacity at this
point. You've got a lot of people wanting to fly and yet you don't really have
the staffing that you need -- the TSA actually doesn't have the staffing you
need to process all those passengers. How are you thinking about that for the
summer?

BEN MINICUCCI: Helane, it's Ben. We actually met with the
TSA administrator, Neffenger, and we had a real positive meeting. I came away
actually feeling a lot more optimistic than when I went into it.

They are on top of the problem. They understand their
staffing issues. They are looking at technology. They are looking at dogs;
adding more dogs, which actually accelerates the screening process.

What I will say from a month ago to now, we have seen
improvements in Seattle and I'm actually -- we are actually going to use also
third-party vendors in certain parts of the screening process to help TSA move
their staffing where it's critical.

So we're looking at all our key airports and working
hand-in-hand with the TSA. This is not just a TSA problem; this is everyone's
problem and I am actually more optimistic that I was going into the summer.
They know it's a big issue and they are focused on it.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. Is that going to cost you more money?

BEN MINICUCCI: There will be some costs, not -- I don't
think it's going to be material. Just to help with some screening or just
identification, personal identification prior to entering the screening
process.

HELANE BECKER: Okay. Thanks, Ben. Brandon, I just have a
question about interest expense. It was $13 million in the quarter, up from $11
million, and yet your debt went down a little bit. So why did that extra $2
million occur?

Can you also say what the credit card contributed in the
first quarter?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Go ahead, Chris is going to take that.

CHRIS BERRY, CONTROLLER & MANAGING DIRECTOR, ACCOUNTING,
ALASKA AIR GROUP, INC.: Helane, this is Chris. On the interest expense line
item, one of the things that happened that you might recall, at the end of the
year last year we had -- for this Proposition 1 here in Seattle we had to sort
of accrue some back wages associated with that. There's some statutory interest
on those back wages that we recorded in the first quarter, so that's why the
interest is up even though the debt is down. So that's related to that.

And then the credit card, really the mileage plan overall on
that Other line item really was up about $25 million, $30 million for the
quarter. That was kind of the contribution there. And a lot of that is driven
by again the new credit card deal that we have and the new economics on that
deal that started in January.

Then just the volume. As Andrew mentioned in his remarks,
credit card holders are up 12%, so that really drove volume and the number of
miles sold to the affinity card partner. Overall, it's really good economics
and really good result for the quarter on that.

HELANE BECKER: Great. Thanks very much for your help.

OPERATOR: Jamie Baker, JPMorgan.

JAMIE BAKER, ANALYST, JPMORGAN: Good morning, everybody. As
you know, I happened to be in the Bay Area when the deal was announced and I
must say that, as a New Yorker, I grossly underestimated just how strong of a
cult-like following Virgin has built out there. I don't ordinarily allow my
earnings models to be influenced by passenger preference and stuff like that,
but I'm thinking I might have to make an exception this time.

I know it has only been 2.5 weeks, but does your analysis
still assume that you retain 100% of the Virgin loyalists? It really seems to
me that you might be -- you might want to be modeling for some spill there.

BRAD TILDEN: Jamie, it's Brad. I will start; maybe Andrew
wants to pop in. But I think it's a really good question.

We were attracted to Virgin because they have built an
incredible company in nine years. You are right; there is a very, very strong
allegiance to that company. The employees feel a tremendous amount of passion
for the Company and the customers do. And that's -- I will just say that's why
the Company is so attractive to us.

So the biggest challenge, I think, for this leadership team
isn't --. We're going to have all kinds of challenges: bringing the
[certificate] together, doing this safely, integrating collective-bargaining
agreements, seniority lists, and all of that. The biggest challenge is going to
be bringing the customers together and that's what we're focused on.

That's why we've talked a lot about the brand. We're going
to go into this with a humble approach. We're going to look at both product
sets, the tangible product features. We're going to look at Virgin's approach,
look at Alaska's approach, and over 12 or 18 months make a decision of what's
best for our collective customers. As we look at the brand, we're going to
think about the brand and do what's best.

But our goal -- I guess what I just want to reassure you, we
are aware of the value that that company has brought to its customers. Our goal
isn't to lose that. Our goal is to gain that as a foothold in the state of
California as something that we grow in the decade or two ahead.

In terms of specific modeling, I haven't done any specific
modeling on this. Maybe our team has. But I think the long-term idea isn't to
lose passengers, it's to grow them substantially over the 5, 10, 15 years that
are in front of us.

JAMIE BAKER: Have you put any thought into what the costs
would be to retrofit your current flying with much of the hard product that
makes Virgin so curiously popular? To me.

BRAD TILDEN: There's a lot to be done there. We are really
just starting that now, Jamie. We are starting to look at the transcon service
out of San Francisco and LA to JFK in particular. The product offering is
different than what we have done (technical difficulty).

But it will be a complex analysis. There's RASM
implications, there's loyalty [implications, and there's] cost implications.
And we are going to try to do this in a way where we're known for innovation,
we're known for great service, we're known for low fares, and for the analyst
community, we are known for making money and making returns. So we've got our
work cut out for us, but that's what we're going to be thinking about.

JAMIE BAKER: As a follow-up, other than maybe just an email
or a phone call saying congratulations, have either Boeing or Airbus reached
out in a meaningful way to start discussing how they might participate in the
fleet simplification process? I'm just trying to gauge how eager they might be
or if that is a work in progress.

MARK ELIASEN: Jamie, this is Mark. I'll just answer -- start
out by saying that we have a fabulous relationship with Boeing. We have a
terrific partnership really with all the manufacturers we work with. We don't
work directly with Airbus today, but we will be talking to them and we
anticipate the same type of relationship.

BRAD TILDEN: I will underscore what Mark has said. We
couldn't be more appreciative of the relationship we have with Boeing. We get
treated like an airline that's much bigger than we actually are and they've
been fantastic to us.

JAMIE BAKER: Okay, thank you very much. Really appreciate
it.

OPERATOR: Julie Yates, Credit Suisse.

JULIE YATES, ANALYST, CREDIT SUISSE: Good morning. I am
going to try a crack at Hunter's first question a little differently.

Andrew, you mentioned you've added 23 new markets to the
network in the last 12 months. And as new market additions slow in the back
half of the year and perhaps into 2017, when do you start to see a tailwind to
your unit revenues from the market maturation dynamic? And how meaningful could
that be?

ANDREW HARRISON: Julie, I think we're already seeing good
tailwinds as we go in and as Brad mentioned in his remarks. I think the bigger
issue, honestly, is just where do competitive capacity numbers continue to be
over the remainder of the year. And then really the industry pricing environment.
I think those two things are the biggest variables for us.

At the end of the day, as we look into the back half of the
year, we're entering into very strong demand periods for us. We feel very
confident about how we've set up the summer, how we've set up our network, so
we feel very good about that.

JULIE YATES: Okay. Is there a preliminary estimate on
competitive capacity in the fourth quarter?

ANDREW HARRISON: You know, I took a look at that. Honestly,
especially with Southwest and others, they are not all nailed down, so I looked
at that. It's a little elevated, but I don't believe it. There's a lot of clean
up and true up that is going to happen over the next few months for the fourth
quarter.

JULIE YATES: Okay, got it. Then are there any trends you can
highlight just maybe between leisure and business in Q1? Then also just how
advanced yields are looking for the peak summer period.

JOE SPRAGUE: This is Joe. I will just mention that corporate
traffic for Alaska Airlines was actually really strong over the last quarter.
It did outpace system revenue a bit and the strength of that is really coming
from the Seattle market, where the economy is not only doing quite well, but a
lot of the large corporations that are headquartered here are some of the most
prosperous companies in the country right now.

Tech is doing well, professional services, and also the
retail sector. Companies like Costco and Amazon are doing well and they are
traveling a lot.

SHANE TACKETT: Julie, the leisure side of the business is
very strong. As you know, a lot of our ASMs are into Hawaii and other parts of
Mexico, East Coast leisure destinations.

I might just sort of backtrack onto what Andrew said and
mention a couple of other things. From our perspective, if you look at the
pricing environment in general, it's actually very stable. There is a little
more discount use in the trough periods; that's what we would expect. And if
you want -- we don't give guidance, but what I would say is yield is most
likely to come when and if capacity slows down and oil starts to go up.

The only other thing I would just want to say is we are here
today due to low costs and low fares, and we believe that carrying more people
at a slightly lower fair is the best thing long term for folks. We want our
customers to know they don't have to aggressively price shop us. We think over
the long term that's ultimately PRASM positive for us.

JULIE YATES: Okay. Then just one more longer term. Maybe how
do we think about the percent of your business that is corporate today and then
how you expect that mix to change with the Virgin acquisition as you have a
stronger foothold in major markets like LA and San Francisco and a more
expansive network?

JOE SPRAGUE: Good question, thanks. This is Joe again. You
know, I think today it's relatively small. We do have great network utility out
of Seattle and that sort of overlaps with a lot of corporate activity here in
Seattle.

Outside of Seattle historically haven't had a strong base
for corporate travel. That certainly will change with the Virgin America
acquisition. We're really excited to get down and get smarter about what the
opportunities are in SoCal and especially in the Bay Area. There are a lot of
overlap in some of the tech companies between Seattle and the Bay Area, so we
will have little bit of a head start in the relationship there.

So I would just say that -- we don't have exact numbers
today, but that is going to evolve and I think corporate will become a more
important part of our network going forward.

BRAD TILDEN: I might just jump on that, Julie. Business
travel will be important and we will want to be the go-to airline for business
travel up and down the West Coast. But A4A just sent out some updated
information which sort of confirms something a lot of us already knew.

Basically showed that roughly 70% of the market -- I think
the survey period was the last 12 months. 70% of the market in the last 12
months was leisure and that's up from 50%. Joe, you might remember, but it's 20
years ago or something like that. But the business has just moved more and more
towards leisure.

For leisure to work, you've got to have a strong economy.
Businesses need to be doing well. You've got to have people with money in their
pockets to buy tickets.

The point I am making is that we feel really good about this
combination with Virgin because we're really well set to serve the high end of
that leisure market as well as the business market. So we think we are really
in the sweet spot of where the demand is and perhaps in even an underserved
segment of the market here.

JULIE YATES: Got it. All right, thanks for the color.

OPERATOR: David Fintzen, Barclays.

DAVID FINTZEN, ANALYST, BARCLAYS CAPITAL: Good morning,
everyone. Just a quick cleanup question. On the second-half capacity growth, A)
could you repeat that? I thought you said 5%. But also is it pretty constant
through 3Q, 4Q, or does that really tail off 4Q?

ANDREW HARRISON: David, it's Andrew. It tails off so we --
in my prepared remarks been about 5.5% to 6.5%, but it really tails down in the
fourth quarter.

I do want to add one thing, though, as part of our guidance
is, as you all know, we've applied for two flights to Cuba. Also with Newark
being, I suppose, unconstrained for some period of time and we have often wanted
to grow in Newark. So if there is anything to report on opportunity for us in
Newark and Cuba, we will update you on that when we have something to update
you on and adjust our guidance for capacity growth.

DAVID FINTZEN: Okay, great. Then just, Brandon, appreciate
sort of not losing budget focus. But you are going to -- there's a lot going on
in Alaska standalone, a lot of innovation you have been working on and now a
deal. What falls off the plate in terms of the initiatives, particularly on the
standalone Alaska time, just to get everything done over the next couple of
years?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: David, that's a great question. It's one
we actually talked about the other day. We have a lot of people focused on the
integration, as you point out, and so we are asking the question: are there
things that should come off the list?

Some of the really important and revenue-positive stuff,
like premium class, won't, but there probably are some things internally that
will slow down that we could move to future years. It's an important question
and one that we haven't answered fully yet.

DAVID FINTZEN: Then just is the IT platform in a place where
you can -- if you have to go about maintaining the Virgin brand or at least the
Virgin revenue premium in maybe a different way, do you have enough flexibility
in the IT platform to sort of be innovative around pricing? Or is that a
long-term process in the way we should think about it?

ANDREW HARRISON: This is Andrew. We are both -- Virgin
America and ourselves are on Sabre reservation systems, so from a platform --
from the just core bookings system, we're in a good place there but a lot of
work to be done. Like anything, we will likely find all sorts of technical
challenges.

DAVID FINTZEN: I'm sure. Thank you, appreciate all the
color.

OPERATOR: Dan McKenzie, Buckingham Research.

DAN MCKENZIE, ANALYST, BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP: Thanks for
the time here. My question I guess is perhaps for Brandon or Joe. It follows up
on the last question.

We are seeing some marketing initiatives from your peers
with respect to the unbundling and then the rebundling, or repackaging of
fares. I'm wondering what work Alaska has done here and how would you
characterize the marketing opportunities, just in terms of ancillary revenue
per passenger.

SHANE TACKETT: I may take that; this is Shane again. We are
-- we have been sort of interested as the industry has evolved back towards
fare families or bundling. We haven't done a lot of that; we haven't needed to
really, so it's sort of a greenfield opportunity for us going forward.

The biggest ancillary revenue opportunity, as you know, is
paid seats and that's really what we're working on, the premium economy project
that Andrew talked about in the opening remarks and you guys know about. We are
starting to think about what happens after that and I think there are a lot of
opportunities for us to look at bundling or fare families and those sort of
things. But it's early days yet for us to talk about what sort of valuation
that might have.

DAN MCKENZIE: Got it. Shane, I guess if you could just
remind us what is the ancillary revenue per passenger today at Alaska and where
-- how do we think about that trajectory?

ANDREW HARRISON: It was $12.91 for this last quarter. It was
actually up 11.8%, Dan, but that was primarily due -- you may recall, we had a
big credit card or a free bag promotion for our loyalty in January. So that's
really the driving force of last year, where we were giving a lot away in free
bags, but we've normalized again. So was actually up to $12.91 per passenger.

SHANE TACKETT: Premium economy adds something like $3 or $4
to that.

DAN MCKENZIE: Okay, thanks for the time, guys.

OPERATOR: Adam Hackel, CRT.

ADAM HACKEL, ANALYST, STERNE AGEE CRT: Thanks for taking the
question. You know while I'm in the queue I'm going to ask some sort of
tech-related question, so here it comes.

Couple things. First of all, just curious kind of going back
to the Virgin product here. Just some personal experience and from those I
talked to out in Bay Area, it seems like they do a lot of things very
differently, but they are kind of smaller things.

Just curious what you guys think about things like -- the
ones that are obvious are the mood lighting, the in-flight video, and the
touchscreen ordering. All those kind of small in-flight things. How are you
guys looking at that in terms of bringing that potentially to Alaska?

BEN MINICUCCI: Adam, this is Ben. This is what the
integration team is going to do. We're going to bring those teams that
specialize in those areas from both airlines and together, with the joint team,
we're going to be thoughtful, we're going to be deliberate, and maybe to go
back to the other point is, we want to make sure we keep the existing Virgin
customers and make this thing even better than it is.

So we are actually excited about getting our energies behind
that. And I think we're going to be in a better place than we are today.

ADAM HACKEL: It seems like between the Virgin product and
Alaska's service you actually have a pretty nice combination there.

I guess one more. We talked about this a little bit before,
but in terms of the job Virgin has done within the corporate side of kind of
Silicon Valley tech world, what are some things that they have done that you
guys can potentially apply in Seattle, if you've done any of that yet?

ANDREW HARRISON: Sorry, Adam, can you --? We missed that
first part of that question.

ADAM HACKEL: Sure. Just the success that Virgin has had in
the corporate side on Silicon Valley in the tech community. I know they said
seven of their top 10 corporate accounts were tech. Just some of the things
that they may have done that you guys maybe learn from and use in your Seattle
base.

JOE SPRAGUE: Adam, this is Joe. Yes, one thing is we have
operated down in San Francisco ourselves, obviously a much more limited
presence, but we've actually had our own corporate salespeople in the Bay Area
for 25 years so we've got couple of folks down there now that know these
accounts.

Obviously Virgin America has their own team down there and,
as you've heard from them, they do have good relationships with these tech
companies down there. So between the small presence we've had down there
combined with theirs, we're excited to get to know these accounts better. And
as I mentioned earlier in the call, a lot of them are companies that also have
a presence here in Seattle so we're looking to build on those relationships as
much as we possibly can.

ANDREW HARRISON: The other thing I would add, too, is if you
think of our global alliances and our foreign flag carriers, I think we will be
bringing a very deep and rich portfolio of international carriers to
California, where we have all sorts of reciprocal benefits and earning and
burning opportunities. So we really see opportunity for the corporate, both
domestic and international traveler, as we move forward.

ADAM HACKEL: Great. Thanks, guys.

OPERATOR: Tom Banse, KUOW Radio Seattle.

TOM BANSE, MEDIA, KUOW RADIO SEATTLE: Thanks for taking the
questions. I have a follow-up question on keeping the loyalty of the Virgin
customers. I am curious, maybe for Ben or Brad perhaps, did your meetings down
in San Francisco or your assessment of the customer reaction after the
acquisition made public change any of your thinking about how long to keep the
Virgin brand as an independent operation?

BRAD TILDEN: Tom, it's Brad. I will start and maybe Ben
wants to jump on as well.

We did have a good meeting down there I think a week ago
Tuesday with a huge turnout of Virgin employees. And we also got a chance to
walk around the terminal and just sort of visit a little bit. I don't know that
it changed our perception, but we did sense firsthand the love those employees
have for the Company and the loyalty those customers have for the brand and the
product. So we got closer to it, we sensed it firsthand, and I think that was
important thing for us to experience.

I must say, we're looking forward to the challenge. I'll
just restate: the big challenge in front of us is to get all of the value out
of this acquisition. What we really -- the reason we are doing this is to get a
foothold, a bigger foothold in the state of California, something that we can
grow in the decades ahead. The good news is that Alaska Airlines is good at
building loyalty and growing customers, and that's what we are going to be
doing in California. What I will just say is we are all really looking forward
to that.

Anything you want to add, Ben?

BEN MINICUCCI: That's perfect, Brad.

TOM BANSE: Thank you.

OPERATOR: Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times.

DOMINIC GATES, MEDIA, THE SEATTLE TIMES: Good morning. My
question is for Brad. Can you tell us what has been the financial impact on
Alaska of the $15 minimum wage legislation that has gone into effect or has
been pressing you? And do you intend to continue fighting it?

BRAD TILDEN: Dominic, maybe we'll just chat about that for a
minute. I think Alaska's position on that has been misunderstood. When that
actually started, it started in the city of Sea-Tac, which is a community here
with 11 square miles, and our minimum wage at the time went from something like
$9-and-change to $15.

Alaska's position was A) this is kind of -- the playing
field isn't level. This is sort of a patchwork way of rolling out a new idea
for our society. And so what we have sort of said is this does have the ability
to penalize a hometown airline and an airline that we think is a tremendous --
we think we bring a lot of value to the community for customers and employees
and so forth.

So we just said -- we did pushback on the Sea-Tac minimum
wage ordinance, but it was really in a sense of let's do something in a less
patchwork fashion. As you know I think, we -- at the same time as we did that,
we asked our contractors two or three years ago to take their own minimum wages
up from the rates they were to $12 an hour. And I think they've gone to $15 an
hour, if I'm not -- I think they've all gone to $15 an hour. So I guess in that
sense we are not fighting it anymore; they are at $15 an hour.

But I guess the other point, Dominic, that we've tried to
make throughout this thing is I think there's a challenge for all of us right
now to work with our economy so that these economies benefit everybody who's
participating in the economy. But we don't damage the businesses too much in
the process, and that's another point Alaska has tried to make as we roll
through this.

I don't know, maybe just to summarize, society is going
through a process here. We are participants in that process. We want to do our
civic duty; we want these jobs to be good jobs for people. But what we do want
to do is make sure you've got an environment or an economy where businesses can
thrive and grow and bring value to customers and employees and owners.

DOMINIC GATES: Well, now that it's -- so you are saying that
it has essentially been implemented now and you don't have to fight it anymore?
Has it damaged -- what has been the financial impact in the first quarter of
that? Have you been able to assess that?

BRANDON PEDERSEN: Dominic, it's Brandon. Maybe I'll take
that. We're not going to share a number, only because it's hard to share a
number because it's really hard to say how you measure that. Is it just the
direct impact on the contractors and do you measure that from where they were
three years ago when it started, or versus the voluntary increases that Alaska
implemented? And then how do you measure the impact it has on to other work
groups that aren't directly impacted by the $15 an hour, so there's a trickle
impact into other work groups?

So it's really hard to put a specific number on it, but what
I will say is that it has been meaningful. But it's something that -- it's real
and we are doing our part here.

BRAD TILDEN: Brandon, you guys, we did -- in the fourth
quarter we shared a number as our contractors took their employees to $15 an
hour.

BRANDON PEDERSEN: We didn't share the specifics of that
number.

BRAD TILDEN: Oh, we didn't share the number then? Okay,
good. Got it.

OPERATOR: There are no further questions at this time. I
turn the call back over to Brad Tilden for closing remarks.

BRAD TILDEN: Thanks, everybody, for tuning in. We appreciate
your support. We look forward to talking with you next quarter.

OPERATOR: Thank you for participating in today's conference
call. This call will be available for future playback at 

. Thank you, you may now disconnect.

[Thomson Financial reserves the right to make changes to
documents, content, or other information on this web site without obligation to
notify any person of such changes.

In the conference calls upon which Event Transcripts are
based, companies may make projections or other forward-looking statements
regarding a variety of items. Such forward-looking statements are based upon
current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may
differ materially from those stated in any forward-looking statement based on a
number of important factors and risks, which are more specifically identified
in the companies' most recent SEC filings. Although the companies may indicate
and believe that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are
reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate or incorrect and,
therefore, there can be no assurance that the results contemplated in the
forward-looking statements will be realized.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN EVENT TRANSCRIPTS IS A TEXTUAL
REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL AND WHILE EFFORTS
ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS,
OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE CONFERENCE
CALLS. IN NO WAY DOES THOMSON FINANCIAL OR THE APPLICABLE COMPANY OR THE
APPLICABLE COMPANY ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER
DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY
EVENT TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S
CONFERENCE CALL ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING
ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.]

 ENGLISH










 Transcript










 042116a5973065.765










 EXECUTIVES (92%); MANAGERS & SUPERVISORS (90%);
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE & REPORTS (89%); COMPANY EARNINGS (89%); SHAREHOLDER
PROXIES (78%); FINANCIAL RESULTS (73%); SECURITIES LAW (73%); CORPORATE COUNSEL
(69%); LAWYERS (68%)










  ALASKA AIR GROUP INC (96%);

MORGAN STANLEY (58%);

JPMORGAN CHASE & CO (58%);

DEUTSCHE BANK AG (56%);

RAYMOND JAMES & ASSOCIATES INC
(56%);

BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC
(55%);

CREDIT SUISSE GROUP AG
(55%);

BUCKINGHAM RESEARCH GROUP
INC (55%);

VIRGIN AMERICA INC (50%)










 ALK (NYSE) (96%); MS (NYSE) (58%); JPM (NYSE) (58%);
JPM (LSE) (58%); DEUT (JSE) (56%); DBK (FRA) (56%); DBK (BIT) (56%); DBETN
(JSE) (56%); DB (NYSE) (56%); CSGN (SWX) (55%); CS (NYSE) (55%); VA (NASDAQ)
(50%)










 CONFERENCE CALLS (90%); INVESTOR RELATIONS (73%);
SECURITIES LAW (73%); CORPORATE COUNSEL (69%); LAWYERS (68%)










 WASHINGTON, USA (70%); UNITED STATES (91%)










 April 24, 2016




